The City Needs More Restrooms

Author: Biku

*000*2022-12-04 13:22

Chapter 1 (Thanks to @DerivativeWings for proofreading)

“Senator, we would like further comment on the recently approved Booze Fiesta program!” One of the interviewers closest to the Senator exclaimed, eclipsing many others who weren’t as lucky to get the latest scoop on the new government program.

Not looking at the lucky interviewer, but instead at the cameras, as if she could see the thousands of eyes currently on her, Senator Isabel Luna replied firmly.

“Our country’s alcohol market has always been a stronghold of our economy, having made up to 4% of our total revenue on prior decades. But there has been a steady decline on its consumption over the past few years. Through tax breaks, awareness, and the use of cutting-edge technology, we hope to bring our numbers up, develop the alcohol industry, and the country along with it.”

She walked away, white heels clacking, past the crowd of interviewers bombarding her with questions regarding her program promoting alcoholism and the strain on elderly care that this could put on the health care system. They could not see the bigger picture anyways. A cutthroat prodigy with a blossoming politics career, she was making a gamble and was not going to be interrupted. She then got into a black Lexus that was waiting for her.

“Take me home, will you?”

“As you wish, Senator.” A driver, who might as well be nameless to the cold aristocrat behind him, said.

Inside, while fixing her make-up, she saw the 37-year-old wavy haired brunette prodigy responsible for a new gilded age on her pocket mirror, the golden child of democracy, sharp green eyes piercing the souls of any who dared question her competence. She was going to conquer this world, and no one could stop her.

As the black Lexus drove away from the crowd of journalists, another woman was looking at her own car. She had a slim frame, shoulder length blue hair, big blue eyes, a red shirt, and a black jacket with matching tight pants. The blue haired woman was staring downwards at a beige Toyota that, in contrast to the Senator’s Lexus, had seen better days.

“Someone pissed on the tire again…”

This was the third time this week that Irene Andalucía found her car, a joint-venture between her and her photographer, assaulted by the contents of an overflowing bladder. Senator Isabel’s press conference had been ironically positioned three blocks away from a very popular bar, business booming from the recent policy. But most of the press did not discuss what to her seemed like an obvious consequence. Public restrooms were already somewhat scarce to anyone who wasn’t a customer, and many were in a pitiful state. Not enough to be considered a public health emergency, but enough to where one would think twice about going to the restrooms.

It wasn’t uncommon for a woman to rush to the toilet as soon as she got home from work, a date, shopping, from living a healthy life in general. Slightly inconvenient, but on the grand scheme of things, inoffensive. But the Booze Fiesta program meant that the average woman would be pumping herself of what was essentially a diuretic far more than usual on a city that lacked the infrastructure to accommodate for that, and the streets were already facing the consequences.

Past midnight, it would not be infrequent to see women searching for somewhere private: a bush, an alley or in this case, the side of a car. After having clashed with eternal bathroom lines and rejection from local businesses that already had someone making good use of their plumbing, tons of women had no other choice.

Irene, being a sturdy drinker herself, had also been the one power washing the pavement on occasion, so she couldn’t feel but feel some empathy. But empathy can start to run dry when the tires of your car get wet thanks to some greedy bimbo playing around with your city’s budget. She did not think things had to be like this, this was something that modern society should have already been under control. The government was supposed to be for the good of the nation, therefore it shouldn’t be too much to ask for public restrooms that would not be revolting or useless to half of the population. But politicians clearly didn’t care.

Inside the car was a woman reclined on the seat, curly black hair falling over her black shirt, wearing a plaided red and black skirt, long legs clad with fishnet tights and crimson leather boots on the car board, playing around on her phone.

“Hey Alex, someone pissed on the car tire”

“Yeah, a girl came, I thought she was just going to tie her shoelaces. Next thing I know she got the whole thing soaked”

“You should really clean this car...”

“Eh, nothing good ol’ road dirt won’t fix. Car wash weekend’s almost there anyways.”

“Whatever you say…” Irene then got inside of the car, reclining her seat, resting from the hectic wilderness of the press conference.

“You got any good ones?”

“Barely, place was packed. Here’s the best I could get.” Alex then showed the screen of the camera to Irene, scrolling through the three photos she took.

“Two of these are just some random guy’s back”

“Yeah, they were almost good shots, but there’s always some asshole shoving themselves into the frame. Last one’s decent enough.” The photo currently on the screen was one of the crowd of journalists listening to Senator Isabel on the podium, her beige shirt, along with the white blazer and skirt combo almost made it seem as if she was emitting light herself.

“Ooh this one’s nice!”

“It better be, I almost got my arm crushed for that one.” Alex exclaimed, an odd pride coming through her voice.

Irene then reclined her seat, exhaling deeply.

“So, anything spicy? Couldn’t hear the interviews with all the noise going on.”

“Nope, the big channel guys were all over her. No way around them.”

“Those assholes. Who even watches that shit anyways? So many resources for something that is only watched by dying old geezers.”

“Old money’s hard to match, I guess.” Irene said, looking distraught.

“Hey, cheer up! I got these!” She then took a can of beer and coffee out of her purse, holding it up for Irene to see.

“Not a scoop but a sip! The coffee’s for me. Don’t drink and drive, y’know. Drink up!”

“Thanks…”

Irene stared deeply at the beer can on her hand.

“Hey, all good?”

“Did you know that in India 23% of girls drop out of school due to it not having any toilets?”

“Ah?”

“This shit’s serious, women should be able to pee in peace instead of catching whatever biological weapon might be brewing on public toilets or having some creep ogling her half naked.” Irene exclaimed, with a subtle, yet deep rooted anger.

“Oh right, public urination epidemic.”

“The whole Booze Fiesta nonsense isn’t making things any better either. They clearly don’t care about fixing things.”

“Hey, at least the account’s doing well. You can thank yours truly, media master Alex Merelo whenever you wish!” Alex said, bringing a hand up to her chest.

“Still can’t believe the Ministry of Equality rejected the campaign. I mean, one’d think advocating for women to have proper access to toilets would fall in their area, right?”

“They’re all equally pigs, I tell you. The campaign account’s starting to get clout anyways.”

“Getting blocked by fascists online isn’t clout, Alex.”

Irene then opened the beer, gulping away at it.

“I shouldn’t have to play Russian Roulette with my bladder every time I want to leave my house y’know.”

Alex fidgeted slightly on her seat.

“Speaking of, coffee’s kinda knocking on the door right now...had to stay awake somehow.”

“Yeah, same, I had a lot waiting for that bitch to show up. My apartment’s close, let’s go. See, if this city was halfway decent, I wouldn’t have to go all the way home just to be sure I’m not going to be pissing outdoors.”

“Almost there, almost there…”

Both women heard those words and some jostling coming from outside the car.

*psh pshhh HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS*

“F-fuck yesssssssssss…” A strained voice moaned, being drowned by the sounds of liquid hitting the ground.

“You hear that?”

Irene and Alex leaned over the car window, finding a well-endowed blonde in a short white party dress squatting next to the door, lacy lavender panties with slightly frilled edges pulled down to her thighs and a relentless stream coming from between her legs. Her face seemed absent of any worry, only bliss coming through it.

“Four times! Four times, goddamnit!”

“Ah!”

The straight-haired blonde jolted at the woman below her, putting her scarce balance at risk.

“D-don’t you dare piss on the car paint!” Alex howled,

“I’m so, so sorry, I couldn’t find a toilet and I just couldn’t take it anymore!”

The blonde exclaimed, stream still going full force.

“Oh god, it won’t stop-”

“…Wait, have I seen you somewhere before?”

“…No, you haven’t” She said, her face suddenly pale now.

Irene then took a closer look at the woman in front of her, being struck with a sudden realization.

“Hey, you’re Gigi Gali!”

“No, I’m not!” Gigi exclaimed, hands covering her face. Alex then popped up, phone in hand.

“Oh shit, as in, the fashion influencer?!”

“That’d explain the fancy earrings and watch...”

“Woah, we got big leagues in here! Hey, can I have your autograph? Not selling it, I swear.”

“What are you s--?!

F-Fine, fine, whatever. But at least let me get proper first…” Gigi said, stream still going.

As Alex was caught up in the societal whirlwind of celebrity worship, Irene Andalucía felt her blood boiling civically at the sight of the overflowing woman before her eyes, having just had a realization of the golden opportunity that she had just run into.

“Name’s Irene Andalucía, social rights journalist. Are you interested in an interview?”

*002*2022-12-04 16:15

Thanks!

And yep, Senator might be caught in the whirlpool sooner or later. Stuff to come as the story unfolds.

*004*2022-12-05 00:05

{{11 minutes ago, DerivativeWings said:

Neat story! Asking a celebrity who is still peeing on the pavement for an interview is certainly a power move.

}}

@@for the betterment of society

*010*2022-12-19 00:07

Chapter 2 (Thanks to @DerivativeWings

@@for proofreading)

Gigi, Irene and Alex entered into the small apartment, comprised of two rooms, a makeshift living room with a table, a few chairs and a TV, a kitchen and a toilet. With its size it felt more like an L-shaped hallway than an actual home, but it was a living and the two girls thought it was good enough for now.

“Fucking traffic…Hey Irene, take care of Gigi for a while, I really gotta take care of business right now!” Alex said, hunched over and pulling her skirt downwards, clearly eager for release.

“Alright, just don’t take too long, I want to go too.”

Alex did not bother to answer, but rather made a beeline for the toilet, quickly closing the door behind her.

“She better not take long…” Irene took out a laptop out of her bag, putting it on her lap, getting into a typing stance.

“So, you got a social rights thing going on, right?” Gigi asked Irene, trying to get a better grasp of the situation.

“Yeah, trying to do something about the whole public toilets situation, y’know.”

“Yeah, it’s fucked up. I was looking for a toilet for like an hour and nothing. If it was past midnight, it’d be one thing, but right now it’s like, 11 pm. Really fucked up.”

PSHHHHH-

A faint “Fuckkkkk…” could be heard coming from the closed restroom.

“I’m sure Alex agrees…Anyways, I’m writing a thing for the blog, it’s a piece with testimonials and stuff. I had been filling it with comments from anons and stuff but since you’re here, I figured an actual interview would spice things up.”

“As long as you keep it anonymous, then sure.”

“…can I at least say you’re famous?”

“What?”

“You know, sorta like ‘we had a really famous influencer testify her experience regarding this situation’.” Irene said, trying to get on Gigi’s good side.

“I- Ugh…Sure, I guess. Just don’t say ‘fashion influencer’, that’d be too obvious.”

“There are a ton of fashion influencers.”

“Yeah, but who do you think people think about when hearing those words, honey?” Gigi said, running a hand through her hair.

“:..Fine, famous influencer then. So, what’s the story?”

“Okay so, I was doing a shoot during the afternoon for a perfume brand. Ever heard of True Chic? It’s a pretty big brand.”

“I met an old lady who used that, she went to jail for tax evasion.” Alex returned, feeling much lighter than before. She slouched on the couch, next to Irene, legs crossed.

“Anyways, we had an afterparty thing afterwards at the hotel, which means drinks. Which means whoever thought that having two restrooms for a whole gala would be a good idea should be hanged.” Gigi hissed, contempt seeping through her voice.

“Restrooms? They weren’t stalls?”

“Nope, just two rooms with a toilet and a sink. The line for the ladies was really long so after a while, a ton of us started leaving and trying our luck somewhere else. But everything was already occupied. A ton of girls from bars and stuff had already taken up most of the public toilets. And the ones that weren’t got taken by people who weren’t me. I hadn’t gone since the beginning of the shoot and drank a lot during the afterparty, so things got dicey real quick and well, you know the rest.”

“I see…” Irene then closed her laptop. “Fucking assholes…”

“For real. Other countries have like, actual public restrooms, y’know. There are almost none here and the ones that exist are broken.”

“Yeah, about that. The other thing I told you about, you’re up for it?”

“…Oh, the spokeswoman thing?”

“Yeah, it’d do wonders for the campaign to have someone famous backing it.”

“I’m not sure…” Gigi seemed somewhat concerned at the request.

“Hey, come on, it’s the least you can do for pissing on our car!” Alex furiously exclaimed.

“Come on, no blackmailing.” Irene said, looking sternly at Alex. “So, what do you think?”

“…Only one. If you ever want more promo vids, they’ll cost you.”

“Alright, let’s get the camera rolling! Camera?” Irene said, turning to Alex.

“You could say please, you dumb bitch.” Alex said as she took a circular light and a tripod out of her backpack.

“Wow, I thought you only had the camera.”

“I’m always ready. Professionals have standards.”

“…Uh, I don’t have to say I was pissing outside, right?” Gigi said, pocket mirror in hand, getting ready for the cameras.

“Yeah, don’t, it’ll make it weird.”

“Great.”

“Alright Gigi, we need you to act empowered, but not intimidating. This thing’s supposed to reach regular people.”

“Who do you think you’re talking to? I wrote the book.” Gigi said, her hand on her chest.

“Fine then, camera roll.”

“Rolling…”

“Action!”

“This isn’t a film shoot, y’know...”

“Shush, we’re making cinema.” Irene then turned to Gigi, paying close attention to her, her newly found, fancily dressed silver bullet.

“Hello, my name is Gigi Gali. I’m here to talk to you about an issue that concerns all women. Access to sanitation is one of the most important aspects of society and currently, there are many of us who aren’t getting the access to it that they deserve." Gigi had a stance similar to that of a swan, her words being coated with regality and and empathy. Or at least the idea of empathy, Gigi hadn't thought about that kind of issues too much, but she very much could pretend like she had.

"Having access to a restroom can be life changing, and it is something that just can’t be taken for granted. Currently, the few public restrooms available to us are in a dire state, completely unusable. I ask our leaders, to please consider our situation. To please, help us fight for equality.” She stared at the camera, as if she could stare at the people watching her video, beckoning them to take action.

“Aaaaand, cut!”

“Again, this isn’t a film shoot.”

“Another Gigi slay, I’d say. All good then?”

“Yes, all good!”

“By the way, do you have something to drink? Water or something?” Gigi said, feeling the dehydration that a constant intake of alcohol entails.

“Brr!” As soon as Irene heard that request, a shiver traveled through her body, the weight resting on her lower abdomen quickly becoming apparent to her.

“What was that?” Alex said, looking confused.

“Nothing, I just need a bit with the throne. I forgot about my bladder.”

“Oh, right.”

“At least you have a toilet near you…” While Gigi was saying this, Irene had gotten up, making her way to her restroom. The interview had taken her focus away from a bladder that by now had been filling up with coffee and beer for quite some time.

She got in, closing the door behind her. The apartment restroom was small, comprised of a sink, two glasses with toothbrushes with toothpaste next to them, and a small wooden compartment below it. The shower had a multitude of creams, hair products and soap on top of a glass rectangle. And to the left of the shower, there was the green-colored, porcelain focus of Irene.

After having to fight her belt for longer than she felt comfortable with, the belt buckle gave way. She unzipped her pants, feeling her bladder expand into the newly gained space, pulling them down and revealing a teal-colored thong covering her butt. After lowering it to her knees, she lifted the lid and sat down. Feeling the touch of the toilet seat, she relaxed and let her bladder’s contents come out of her.

*HISS*

“Ah…”

Irene hunched over, basking in her release. It wasn’t uncommon for her to focus excessively on projects and neglect her bladder, which would then usually lead to a strong stream going into her toilet bowl. Other than a loud gush being a common sound in her apartment, this hadn’t been of any major relevance in Irene’s life as of now since she had been clever enough to plan her life so that she wouldn’t be caught off guard by the increased scarcity of public restrooms. Her body and mind had been strong and sharp enough to take the urinary consequences coming from her overfocusing. Maybe she was testing her luck more than she should. But for now, she felt fine just unloading and letting the bliss run through her half naked body.

“I should drink less coffee; water doesn’t hit as hard…”

As her stream slowed down to a trickle, a post-pee shiver hit Irene’s body again. A good pee after a day’s work always felt rewarding. She wiped herself and pulled her thong up, letting her waistband snap against her.

“Much better…”

Irene grabbed her pants, their tightness making it somewhat hard to pull them up properly. Perhaps a tight pair might be dangerous given the current social context, but if being overly careful meant hiding a well-toned butt, she was willing to take the risk. Even though she felt that a skirt might be just as flattering for her, she felt scared about the unwanted accidental exposure that might come with it. She had not had the best of experiences with them. Belt now re-buckled, she was now ready to face the world again, a few cans lighter. She flushed, washed her hands, and left the restroom.

“Took your sweet time, princess” Alex said to Irene as soon as she was out again. “The cab for Gigi’s already here.”

“Take care girlies, don’t drink too much!” Gigi exclaimed, flying kisses towards the two girls, and leaving the apartment in a hurry.

“Could’ve been worse for a famous influencer, I guess.” Alex said in a deadpan tone.

“Well, we need to get to work too.”

“More? It’s almost midnight, you freak.”

“We should have this ready for posting next thing in the morning. You have any idea just how big this could be?”

“Gigi’s a pretty big deal, I guess...”

“Let’s get the ball rolling then!”

“Fine but order some coffee, we’re gonna need it. At least I will.”

*013*2022-12-20 16:31

{{6 hours ago, Tyton said:

Could you draw a picture of these characters? My mind is not doing a good job at visualizing them.

}}

They might get drawings eventually

*016*2023-05-07 19:39

Chapter 3

Isabel Luna got off the car that had driven her back home. She was standing in front of the door, hurriedly looking for the key that opened her door. As it opened, she walked through her lavish garden, three cats resting in it, into her kitchen and to the one place that was key in the daily ritual of any working woman who had just gotten home after work.

Her sink was made of marble and had plenty of hygiene and skincare products next to it. Her shower was a glass cylinder that rose all the way to the roof, next to her jacuzzi. But her focus was currently on her grayish green square-shaped porcelain throne. Isabel’s hands went to the zipper on the back of her pencil skirt, keen to undo it. As she fought her way out of the tight skirt that had been squeezing her bladder for the past few hours, it eventually fell to her ankles, revealing her butt, clad by a pair of cheeky, flower laced meshy white panties that were covered by a skin-toned pantyhose. Her hands went to her waistband, pulling her panties and pantyhose to her ankles in one sweep. Isabel, now free from her haute couture restraints, let her ample rear end fall to the toilet seat, relaxed and let the stress of the day flow out of her, a loud sigh leaving her lips.

*PSHPSHPSHHHHHHHHH*

“Ahh, finally…”

This had been an especially rough day on her bladder,. The preparations for the press meeting, along with the interviewers, had kept her busy for the past few hours in such a way that a restroom wasn’t available at any point. Moreover, the local beer producers requested a toast with her. She had to drink enough to not appear rude, but not too much to where her body wouldn’t make it through the ride home. Not to mention the fact that she couldn’t let her need be evident. Crotch grabbing, fidgeting and the sort would be fatal to her reputation as a strong, powerful politician who always had things under control. If she had skipped one toilet break too many or had more coffee than she should back at her office, those were things that could only be known by the walls of her restroom.

A bladder strengthened by years of long business meetings and withholding breaks for the sake of protocol and etiquette was not unfamiliar with these circumstances. Isabel had always been able to ride the waves all the way home. Her bodily needs would not stop her ambition. But she still always appreciated being able to lean back and piss it all away after a long day. Legs wide open, a strong stream coming from between them, clashing against the water below, in the privacy that only a restroom could provide. As much as she wished to ignore it, she was still a regular human.

As Isabel felt the last of her bladder’s contents coming out, she reached for a large amount of toilet paper and wiped herself dry. She pulled her underwear and pantyhose back up, hurled her skirt at her bed, her falling face down on it soon afterwards, her high heels slid off her feet and fell to the marble floor below them, making a clacking noise.

“Ugh, fucking press people and their dumbass questions…”

She had a conflicted relationship with press conferences. The announcers always introducing her as “The gorgeous Senator Luna” and all the interviewers with their tone-deaf innuendos, thinking they are cleverer than they are. All of them trying to diminish her, to make her subservient to whatever the current agenda was. All of them trying to take control of her.

She needed them to raise herself up, but goddamnit could she use better steppingstones. At least ones that weren’t as annoying. But these were things that she had come to terms with as a necessary evil. She could deal with the ugly old men treating her as a know-it-all, the nosy interviewers asking questions only to virtue signal, and the paparazzi always taking photos of her thighs whenever she got off her car. She could take it. It was a necessary evil to achieve her goals.

The young prodigy that had created a nationwide economic boom had to become a reality. Booze Fiesta had to become a reality. She would no longer have to suck up to others, she would finally be able to hold the reins of her life. And who knows what could come afterwards? Her own political party? Presidency? World domination? The sky would be the limit at that point.

“Fuck, I haven’t washed off my make up…”

*018*2023-05-09 14:45

{{19 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Are you going to write more for your golden shakedown story or not?

}}

Eventually I hope to, it's just easier to write for this since I don't have to think of gambles for the characters to play. A chapter of Golden Shakedown is trickier.

*019*2023-06-15 00:29

Chapter 4

Alba Allegra had her trembling legs tightly crossed below the news deck, pressing them to compensate for the fact that her hands had to stay in frame. A bead of sweat that she was hoping wouldn’t show up on camera was running down her forehead. As her tight red dress squeezed her swollen abdomen, she ran a hand through her shoulder length brown hair in order to try to cope with the pulsing sensation assailing her without being too obvious. Fully tense, she was eagerly waiting for the sports section to be over.

“And that’s all for today! We’ll see you tomorrow with the most groundbreaking news from all around the world. See you soon!”

As soon as the cameras went off, Alba’s scant façade of TV- savvy composure quickly fell apart, hunching over for a second to try and regain enough control over herself. She bolted off her seat and out of the TV set. Moving through the hallways as fast as her black heels would allow, she ignored anyone who tried to talk to her. She couldn’t pay attention to anything other than keeping her hands between her legs, desperately trying to keep the liquid mass inside her from soiling the reputation that she had fought so hard to get.

After a hellish gauntlet through the studio, she finally made it to her dressing room. Over the past few weeks, whenever she wanted to use one of the regular restrooms, they were usually full of interns who were far more hydrated than they should. Alba would not have been able to endure waiting in line if there was one. She had to trust her dressing room toilet, always a reliable oasis.

As soon as she entered her dressing room, she quickly closed the door and went into her bathroom, opening the door with one hand and lifting her dress up to her waist with the other. Alba quickly yanked her pantyhose and lacy pink panties down along her thighs and to her knees. As this was happening, she let her butt fall onto the toilet seat, a warm jet of liquid forcing itself out of her as soon as she felt its cold touch.

HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

“Ahhhhhh, thank goddddddddddd…i needed this so bad...”

Alba had a business lunch with some TV executives a few hours prior to her being on air. She had drunk wine and water carelessly, thinking that she could have a toilet break prior to going to the studio. She wasn’t expecting the gargantuan toilet line, composed of many ladies bursting full of booze hoping for a chance to keep themselves dry. Alba tried waiting, but eventually it became apparent to her that she wouldn’t be on time for the show if she didn’t leave soon.

Owing to the hellish traffic, she was barely able to make it to the studio on time for makeup, having no time to take a toilet break. She had to nurse all the drinks that she had throughout the meal for the hour that the broadcast lasted, which led to the fierce release that was currently taking place.

“Damn…one of these days I’m not gonna make it…”

She had been able to stay in control of her bladder through the whole day, finally letting all of it leave her after getting the privacy she so desperately wanted. Shivering and in bliss, with her stream slowing down, Alba relaxed her whole body, letting the remainder of her bladder dribble out of her. She then took out her phone, and began browsing her socials; annoyance taking the place of the urgency that had just gushed out of her.

“Ugh, what is up with toilet lines? They are getting worse and worse! Is someone trying to make everyone pee themselves? I just want to be able to drink in peace without having to worry about leaking on live TV…”

As she kept scrolling on her phone, Alba saw a video that caught her attention.

“Gigi Gali…Toilet Awareness Movement…This is new…”

As she began to wipe herself, Alba couldn't help but see a small leak on the gusset of her panties, the sight of which made her face redden slightly. She felt as if her dignity was being mocked by the world.

“…Maybe it’s time for the interviewers to be the interviewees…”


