Baby Proof

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2018-05-10 23:58

Credit to Sam996 for the idea for this story

Also, apologies for not finishing the elevator story, I got lost thinking of how to end it and too much time had passed. If any of you still wish for me to finish it I will try my best to.

###

“And there we go, the last one.” Clara attached the last baby-proof lock in the house, on the toilet.

”Safe and sound huh?” Her husband Henry came up behind her and placed his hands on her hips. “I’m leaving now.”

”Now?” Clara turned around to face her husband. “You said not till after dinner.”

”Things have changed, they need me now.” He kissed on the forehead. “Don’t worry, I’ll be back in a few days.”

”I love you.”

”Love you too.” He pushed back her blonde curls and kissed on her the lips.”

“When is the sitter getting here?” Clara asked her husband as he walked to the door.

”Probably like ten minutes.” They had hired a babysitter to watch their son Greyson while Henry was away and Clara had work.

“Goodbye.”

”Bye baby.”

###-

About an hour later Clara was finishing up her last preparations before work. She put on her makeup and changed into her clothes. She was a kindergarten teacher for the afternoon class. She was lucky enough to have been friendly with the retiring teacher and managed to grab the job at the ripe age of 29.

She pulled into her jeans and her jacket and slipped her feet into her tan ankle boots. She headed for the door before she felt a slight edge from her bladder. She headed to the bathroom and attempted to pull open the toilet. The child lock refused.

”Shit.” She muttered to herself. “Fine, I’ll just go at work.” She turned and headed out to her car.

###

A few hours later Clara returned home to get some well earned rest. Dealing with a class of unruly children was busy and kept her moving. She realized as she looked at all the empty water bottles in the passenger seat that she had drank four water bottles at work.

She felt a slight pang in her bladder, remembered she hadn’t used a restroom since she first arrived at work. She quickly got out her car and went inside, heading straight for the bathroom. The heels of her boots loudly clacked across the floor as she approached the restroom.

She opened the restroom door and again saw the dreaded lock. She bent down and tugged on it again.

“Come on, let’s come off please.” Her need for a toilet was amplified 200% by her proximity to one.

Her phone went off in her pocket, the vibrations hit her bladder and forced one hand to to her crotch. The other dug into her pocket, trying to find her phone.

“Hello?” She said in an irritated voice when she held it up to her ear.

“Hey beautiful.” It was Henry.

“Hey Henry, how was the flight?”

“Pretty good, slept through most of it. How’s things back home?”

“Can’t get this damn lock off the toilet. Kinda have to pee.” Clara danced in place as she talked.

“I gotta go, stay safe babe.”

“Wait Henry...” She had forgotten to ask him what to do. “Son of a bitch. Next to her, the bathroom faucet leaked.

Drip, drop. Drip, drop. Drip, drop.

Her lower lip quivered. The tight belt of her jeans dug into her bladder. She desperately clutched her woman parts, holding back the lake ready to burst inside her.

She walked into the living room and tried to think of a solution. She looked out the window and saw her neighbors sprinkler sending it’s clouds flying all over the grass.

Clara considered heading back to the school to make a break for the bathroom but the doors would most likely be locked. Then she remembered she had to pick up Greyson from the babysitter in twenty-minutes. If she could hold it until then she could ask the sitter to make a bathroom break at her house. She decided to leave early to distract herself on the road.

###

“Why did I leave?” Clara was asking herself as she squirmed in her seat. Traffic had almost completely stopped after an accident occurred around a hundred feet ahead of her. She was only about five minutes from the sitters house but the traffic turned the five minutes into an hour.

She spotted a woman in dress clothes making a mad dash into the woods next to the street, probably sharing a similar predicament. She reached down to feel her oversized bladder as she contemplated following suit.

Suddenly, the traffic started to move again. She went to drive forward but the woman’s car was in front of her. A horn honked behind her and a jet of warm pee shot itself into her panties. The woman came running back, a hand planted firmly in her crotch, leading Clara to assume the woman never managed to get her sweet relief.

When Clara arrived at the babysitters house she quickly parked and ran up to the door. She knocked on it and danced in place as she waited for the door. She stood up straight as the door opened, making the pain even more agonizing.

“Hello?” The babysitter opened the door. She was a short girl with dark black hair, not much younger than Clara. “Greyson’s in the living room, I’ll go get him.”

“Thank you, um, is there any chance I can use the bathroom?”

“Sorry, there is um. Someone in there.”

“Someone in there? Who else is here?” Clara was infuriated. Both by the lack of a restroom for her to use and the fact that someone was in the house with her son that she didn’t know about.

“He my, ummm...” The girl stuttered. “He’s my boyfriend.”

“Your boyfriend?”

“Don’t worry Greyson loved him.” The girl tried to calm her.

“Yeah, great.” The boyfriend wasn’t the main thing she was worried about.

“If I tell you the truth, I can’t wait for him to get out. I’m dying for a pee.” The girl reached down to her crotch.

“Yeah, me too.” Clara reached down and clutched her self. At this point she could care less what the babysitter thought.

“Bryan, let’s go I gotta pee!” The girl shouted to the bathroom door.

“Gimme a minute Nikki, I’m a little busy.”

“Oh my god he’s taken a shi- poop.” Nikki corrected herself.

“I don’t care I curse too.” Clara was beyond caring about anything other than a bathroom by now.

“If it makes you feel better you can sit on the couch. Just try not to, you know... make it wet.”

“Yeah I won’t.” Clara replied, but she wasn’t really too sure.

“Hey bud.” She sat down on the couch. Greyson was on the floor a few feet in front of her.

“Mommy!” He ran over and hugged her, unknowingly squeezing her bladder.

“Ooooh- it great to see you buddy.”

“Watch, watch the show!” He pointed at the mindless cartoons playing on the tv. Clara tried as hard as she could to pay attention to distract herself from her bodily needs. Greyson sat back on the floor, enthralled with what was playing out on screen.

“Oh my god, Bryan hurry up!” Nikki was banging on the door behind her. Clara looked back to see her with a hand buried in her grey leggings but quickly looked away when Nikki noticed.

Finally, Bryan stepped out. Nikki went to walk in but decided not to when she smelt the bathroom.

“Oh my gawd, Bryan you’re disgusting.” She held her nose. Clara stood up from the couch, determined to go in anyway.

“Who is dis?” Bryan barely stuttered. He was very clearly drunk. He stepped over to Clara and tried to hold her hips.

“Get off me.” She pushes him away. “I have a husband.”

“Don’t mean nothing to me.”

“Alright Bryan lets go!” Nikki took him by the hand and dragged him to the door. “Your embarrassing me.”

“You let him get drunk in front of my son?” Clara was beyond fuming.

“I’m sorry, he drinks everyday.”

“I think I’m going to find a new babysitter.” Clara grabbed Greyson and went towards the door. Her bladder reminded her again of her need. She knew she would never make it home.

“If you don’t want me to work for you anymore fine, but stay out of my bathroom.”

“You let your drunk boyfriend near my son. I’ll use whatever toilet I please.” She walked towards the bathroom but Nikki stood between her and her porcelain throne.

“That’s gonna cost extra.”

“You bitch, let me piss!” She swore, forgetting her son was there.

“Mommy lets go I wanna go home and play!” Greyson tugged on Clara’s arm. The last thing she wanted was to get in that car again.

“Get out of my house.” Nikki stood firmly in the doorway, trying as hard as possible to ignore the horrific smell.

Both of them stood there, locked in place staring at one another. Greyson got bored and went back to watching the TV. Occasionally one of the two would bounce or bite their lip. Both of them desperately needed the bathroom. Nikki was kept from it by the smell, Clara by Nikki.

Eventually it came to the point that Clara could not wait any longer. She was consistently losing drops into her panties. She started to look for ways to get Nikki out of the way.

Nikki sniffed with her nose, and noticed that the smell was gone. She turned towards the toilet when Clara spoke up.

“Wait, I’ll keep paying you. I’ll even pay you right now if you let me in.”

“How much?”

“I have $15.”

“Not much, but I guess it warrants a toilet trip. Hand it over.” Nikki took a step forward. “Take ten steps backwards.” Clara stepped back, her bladder moaning every step of the way.

Clara pretended to hold out the money before sprinting past the younger girl. She stepped towards the bathroom but Nikki threw herself down and caught Clara’s ankle.

“Aggh” Clara groaned as her bladder hit the floor. She reached her hands out, reaching towards the precious relief only inches from her grasp.

“Look at that nice sweet relief. So close, imagine how nice it would be to sit on the toilet and just let loose the load, just sit down and- ahhhhhhhhh.” A hissing noise was heard. Clara turned around to see Nikki setting herself. Dark streaks ran down her grey leggings all the way to her fuzzy slippers.

Clara pried her ankle loose and and closed the bathroom door. She sat down on the toilet and let loose. Her stream shot out like a firehouse into the water below as she let out a night moan. Her pee lasted over two minutes until finally it started to turn into a light trickle.

She exited the bathroom to see Nikki in tears on the ground. Her pants were soaked and a puddle was all around her.

“Look, hun I’m sorry.” Clara suddenly felt bad for the poor girl. “If it makes you feel better you can have the $15.” She placed the bill on the ground next to her. Nikki said nothing.

“Greyson lets go!” She shouted to her son. He ran over and put in his shoes. Clara turned to the door when she heard Greyson yell out.

“Mommy you wet yourself!” Clara reached back and felt a wet spot formed on her rear end.

“Oh, I didn’t notice that, let’s go hunny.” She turned out the door, but in the process didn’t see Nikki pull out her phone and capture a quick picture, soon to be all over social media...

