Track

Author: BackThatUpC

*000*2019-02-08 03:59

Zach sat down on the hard bench as the bell rang, back against the maroon gym lockers. Everyone was seated when the P.E teacher, Mr. Hendricks, walked in, explaing they'd be walking the track all period. He then walked off telling the small group of boys to dress out. Everyone stood up, opened their lockers, and dressed into the required gym outfits. The outfits consisted of dark red basketball shorts and faded black T-shirt, and for some people an entire can of axe apparently.

Zach changed out and shut his locker, not caring enough to lock it. He walked over to the few bathroom stalls in the lockeroom, as he felt a small pressure in his bladder. However, the stalls were already taken, and not wanting to stand there awkwardly he instead went to sit by his small group of freinds, thinking he could manage.

The class was brought outside, into the 80° heat of summer. This was already awful. Zach and his squad made their way over to the track, and began walking. Some crazy motherfuckers decided to run, but in this heat Zach would rather die... or honestly he might've died if he ran.

About 3/4 way through his first lap, Zach bladder made itself known again, but not to an overwhelming extent. In fact, he asked Mr. Hendricks if he could run in and get a drink, which to his suprise he let him go. So, he "ran" back in the metal doors into the lockeroom, eyeing the waterfountain. He walked over and aggressively gulped down the lukewarm water. When he decided he was done being a fish, he looked over next to him, where inches a way the toilets were. He thought on it for a moment, but decided to head back out.

This was a mistake. As soon as he stepped foot outside, the water hit him like a truck. Zach's bladder throbbed for a second, causing him to bend over slightly. But he couldn't go back now, people had already seen him. Regretfully, he walked back towards the track, rejoining his friends. From that point on, he'd got waves of desperation, which were worsening, throughout the period. Still, he didn't want anyone to ses him look desperate, so there wasn't much he could do besides keep walking.

With 8 minutes before he could go inside though, it became to much. A large spurt shot out of him, lasting a few seconds before he could cut it off. The spurt quickly wetting a patch of his boxers and make a small, unnoticeable spot on his already dark shorts. Zach stood there for a second, knowing full well he couldn't last the entire time with just walking; if another wave hit him he didn't know if he could keep control.

He attempted to discreetly hold himself through his shorts, but he didn't know how well he was suceeding. The light holding didn't do much though, as a minute later another strike of desperation hit him, and another, though this time smaller, spurt dribbled out of him.

At this point he didn't care, fully grabbing himself. He wasn't about to wet himself, plus no one even seemed to notice, or care at least.

There was now only seconds left until they'd be called inside. Zach thought he'd actually be able to make it without leaking anymo-

VREEEW VREEEW

The piercing noise sent an immediate shock to his bladder. Warm droplets fed into his already wet shorts. But, he could finally go inside. He barely managed to stop the droplets, and it took all of his strength not to just let go right there.

He began to walk back, but every few steps another small leak would shoot out of his overfilled bladder. It was when it began leaking down his legs to began to panic, though. Fuck fuck fuck fuck.

In a last ditch effort, he began to s p r i n t. He knew he was leaving a trail of liquid behind him, but either way he was fucked at this point. Zach ran into the lockeroom, darting towards the bathrooms into a stall, not even bothering to close the door behind him.

Seeing the toilet made him immediately loose it.

The urine shot straight through his drenched shorts and boxers in the direction of the toilet. Zach had to stifle a moan in relief, as although he had already let out quite a bit, his large bladder still contained so much. He knew he sat there for a while, as just before he was ready to come out and face the humilation, the bell rang, and everyone left. He wasn't quite sure what to do now.

