Little Mermaid Makes a Splash

Author: BiblioGo

*000*2017-04-04 21:40

There are no lavatories in the ocean so one can only assume that Ariel and her misinforming seagull have no idea that any sort of 'toilet' exists, let alone what they are for. So I assume some desperate situations had to arise, and not being able to speak would just make the situations that more distressing.

___

Ariel had been in the Castle for several hours after being rescues by prince Eric on the beach. There had been so much fuss over her that she had no time to really explore or do anything on her own. She had been dressed in cumbersome human clothing and been offered unfamiliar food and drink that left her feeling heavy and uncomfortable. However, more than anything she needed to pee. The need had been growing since dinner but she had no idea what to do about it. She was certain that if she just did what she needed to do where she stood that it would cause her human clothing to become wet and she noted that none of the other humans had wet clothing. She was on the verge of tears when she finally got the chance to escape the castle walls for just a moment, with Sebastian chasing behind her trying to figure out where she was going. After all the Prince could not kiss her if she ran away.

She ran towards the water and quickly removed layer after layer of clothing until she was finally able to ease herself into the ocean for sweet relief. She felt as though her bladder would never empty it's self completely. When the flow finally came to sop, she got dressed and returned to the castle. No one seemed to have noticed her missing. Sebastian, having figured out what was going on, told her that there was no way she could escape to the ocean every time she needed to pee. Ariel of course knew this but at the moment she had not figured out where or even how humans took care of that particular need and with no voice, there was no way to ask. This was going to be a problem.

The next day she woke with a knock on her door and a very full bladder. The woman at the door was there to dress her and prepare her for her day out with the Prince. She tried to signal to the woman what she needed but no matter what she tried she couldn't seem to get her point across. It's like the Sea Witch had taken more than just her voice, it was like she had magically impeded her ability to communicate in any manner of writing or gestures too! Being out of idea she allowed the woman to dress her and lead her downstairs to breakfast. She was again offered an abundance of unfamiliar foods. She Found the fruit to be quite enjoyable. It never occurred to her that the juices she found so appealing would go straight to her already full bladder.

Once breakfast had ended, the Prince took her had and led her to the carriage in waiting, Sebastian tucked out of site, hidden in her layers of clothing. He knew that Ariel was becoming distressed and knew what the problem was. He whispered in her ear that she should try again to convey what she needed to the Prince but it was of no use, he simply couldn't understand. That is when Sebastian decided he would give it a try. Perhaps the prince could understand him and in turn offer Ariel what she needed. So he scurried as quickly as he could, doing his bast to stay out of site to get close to the Prince's ear.

Quietly telling him 'Look at her, she needs to pee. Say something!' The Prince, unsure of who or what he just heard looked around him only to find that there was no way anyone had actually said anything, perhaps it was his imagination. Then looking over at his charge for the day he noticed that she did indeed look as though she was in need of relief. Not wanting to head back to the castle, since the day had just begun he tried to come up with an alternative but all he could come up with was heading to the edge of town where there was a large grove that would offer some privacy. Blushing, he asked her if the was an acceptable solution. Confused she nodded her head yes and was pleasantly surprised when he seemed to understand her nod of approval! So, Eric ordered the driver to take them to the grove.

Ariel held on as best she could but she could feel the juice from the fruits she took in that morning hitting her bladder hard. He eyes began to water as she leaked as the cart jostled her with every bump in the road. Just when she thought she would never make it, Eric informed her that the grove was within site but at that exact moment the carriage when over a large root in the road causing her to loose her balance and land on the floor without any grace at all. The impact was the last straw, her pent up pee began to escape her with force. No matter how hard she tried, she could not seem to stop it. The way she had landed left her dress around her, covering up her humiliation and, for the time being, left the prince none the wiser to the puddle that was growing beneath her. He attempted to help her up but in her shame pulled away from him.

Being a gentleman, he pulled her to her feet, despite her resistance. It was then that he saw the liquid forcefully hitting the ground between her wide spread feet, splashing both of their feet and causing tears to openly flow down Ariel face. Unsure of how to proceed, Eric reached forward to collect the dress and lift it just slightly enough to prevent it from splashing on the hem. He watched in amazement as the puddle grew, covering the floor of the carriage despite the fact that it was beginning to fall through the spaces between the boards. Finally, after what felt like ages, the pressure fell to that of a light trickle before stopping completely. Ariel and Eric examined the dress to find that it had miraculously sustained very little damage. A few wet patched here and there but the majority of the wetness was on her undergarments.

Eric told her she could remove them if she wanted so that they could continue their day out and Ariel agreed. As she began to remove them Eric blushed again before turning to face away from her giving him the opportunity to tell the driver that he was never to speak of this to anyone if he knew what was good for him. Sebastian also took this moment to tell Ariel that he planned to follow around some female humans to try and find out how to avoid these events in the future. He was certain there was something they were missing and with such little time he needed to find out fast. With that he disappeared, promising to meet up with her in the evening. He had heard that the prince had plans to take her on a boat ride and was certain that, that was the kind of situation that could lead to a kiss... if she could keep dry that it.

