The Third Date

Author: BleachBod

*000*2021-11-23 08:54

((This is my first time writing smut, sorry if it’s terrible.))

“I don’t know, you just really remind me of the main character of the show, or whatever. I think you’d like it!” Raphael blurted out, tipsy but eager.

“I mean, is it on Netflix? It’d be pretty chill if we watched it.” Adrian boldly quipped.

Even after two amazing dates, Adrian still felt nervous around Raphael. Something about his charming confidence left him with so many butterflies that the only time his thoughts settled was when he had a cozy few drinks - and tonight was gonna be the night where they finally take the big next step.

”Haha! I see what you did there.” Raphael smirked, a glint of mischief reflecting out of the corner of his brown eyes. “It would be pretty chill if we watched it. I should probably go with you, just in case you need to borrow my Netflix account.”

The two laughed playfully as the waitress refilled their water glasses yet again. Their eyes locked as both took another nervous-but-excited sip of water.

”I’ll be right back, here’s my card if the waitress comes by.” Raphael stood, dropped a debit card on the table, and looked around. “We can split the bill and maybe instead of me taking you home, I could possibly take you up on your kind and generous suggestion of coming back to my place, watching some Netflix, and possibly chilling?”

”I’ll have to check my schedule, but I think I can pencil you in.” Adrian smirked in return.

”Sounds like a plan! I’m just gonna pee first.”

Raphael made his way through the small row of tables into the men’s room. Much to his dismay, it wasn’t a private room. And yet worse, there was someone loudly groaning in the stall.

Walking up the the urinal, the man unzipped his fly and watched his long flaccid penis hanging helplessly in front of him. “Come on. I can piss on a guys face in the shower, but I can’t piss in a public bathroom?”

Raphael watched his flaccid member for well over a minute, still too nervous to pee. The only moisture coming from it was the short bead of precum he had leaked from the thought of finally seeing Adrian naked.

Feeling too uncomfortable to continue standing there, Raphael anxiously repackaged his privates, zipped up, and washed his hands in slight defeat.

”Ready to go?” Raphael asked, walking back to the table, doing his best to put on a brave face.

“Oh, yeah, sure!” Adrian replied, too embarrassed to admit that suddenly standing stirred the liquids in his system. He looked to the bathroom longingly as he followed an eager Raphael out the door.

Both jumping into the doors of Raphaels silver sedan, the two celebrated a successful third date with a passionate kiss. Adrian’s curious hands couldn’t help but try to wander under Raphael’s belt, but the added pressure of Adrians hand caused Raphael to jump. He immediately started the car.

”H-Heh, be patient now. I love just a little drive away.”

Adrian rested his hand on the mans thigh. The thought of the sex the two were going to have completely eclipsed the ache of needing to pee. He was slightly anxious, because he’s notoriously bad at holding his liquids, but 20 minutes is no big deal. Plus, if he absolutely had to stop, he could piss on the side of the road, and maybe Raphael would want to watch.

”We can compromise though.” Raphael said, undoing his belt and unbuttoning his jeans and pulling down his fly. He adjusted himself for comfort, and to let a peek of his blue plaid boxers and slight happy-trail poke through from under the shirt. Raphael sighed with relief at losing the added pressure.

”Compromise sounds fun!” Adrian replied, following suit for the exact same reasons. He looked down and checked his briefs before offering Raphael a better view, just to make sure he wasn’t accidentally wearing one of the many pee stained pairs of briefs. These were a dark navy with a cut that was very flattering on his bulge, and as far as he could qremember, he hadn’t wet himself in them more than just a bit.

Raphael peeked curiously to Adrian repeated as he drove ever closer to home. Pulling up to the on-ramp, he was just two highway exits away from relief. The pair playfully flirted as they turned a wide corner, but we’re stunned to silence by the extremely sudden stop of traffic.

Between the fear of causing an accident, and the seatbelt pushing into his bladder, Raphael instantly broke the seal and started to leak a weak steady stream. He hadn’t even noticed until a few seconds after the adrenaline had worn off that he was mid stream and had to stop before it became a flood.

“Ugh, this exit always gets backed up by the bridge. It’s a fucking death trap” Raphael complained, trying to hide his blushing face.

Adrian grunted amicably, completely preoccupied. The near accident caused a small spurt, and the man cautiously crept his hand into his open pants to inspect the damage, but kept his hand there to help hold back the flood.

The car remained unmoved on the center of the bridge for close to 10 minutes. The highway exit in sight, but no way to go forward. The men held strong, barely speaking more than just quick small talk. The mood remained sullen until they saw the police lights ahead and realized that the death trap of an exit might have been living up to its name.

”There was probably an accident ahead. That’d explain the sudden stop.” Adrian bleated meekly, feeling defeated. “And I’ve got to piss so friggin bad.”

”Yeah, me too. …I couldn’t go at the restaurant, so I’ve just been holding it.”

The pair laughed as they reached inside their underwear to get a firm grip on themselves. Raphael sat in shock of how wet his crotch was from his earlier leak, while Adrian winced at every small drop that escaped his grip.

”God, I don’t know how much I can hold it, Raphael, I’m not gonna lie.”

Raphael sighed, and pulled down his pants to show off the wet spot in his underwear, “I know how you feel.” He replied sheepishly. “I’m…” he winced through a visible spurt, “heh heh, I’m into piss… so if you were to piss on the floor of my car, I’d be cool with it.”

Adrian picked up the hint and unbuckled his seatbelt. He carefully took off his shoes so he could get his pants and underwear off and smiled to Raphael. “I’m pretty open to pee pee games, if you wanted to go too. I could try to drink it, but I already have to go pretty bad.”

Feeling his control rapidly slipping, Raphael kicked his pants around his ankles and forced his boxers down, spurting loudly with each movement. His hairy, exposed lower torso fountained heavy bursts into the air before he could get a grip and aim downward. The wayward piss stream had lightly drizzled his chest, and some of Adrians leg. Not that Adrian minded.

Adrian was mostly undressed, pulling off his damp underwear and tucking it aside with the rest of his clothes. Even watching Raphael piss a full uncontrollable jet stream into the carpeted floor of the car, Adrian still mustered a faint “I’m sorry” as he joined Raphael in his relief.

“Don’t be,” Raphael replied through a sweaty moan, “you look so hot right now.” Adrian was silent, still in shock that he was brought to a full wetting accident in a guys car.

”I mean it.” Raphael affirmed gruffly through the sounds of their hissing piss. He pulled the silent man into a kiss with one arm, and letting go of his own aim, rubbed the mans inner thigh, teasing his shaft with the lightest touch.

The two pulled free of the kiss as the last signs of dribbling had passed. “Well that wasn’t what I expected to have happen.” Adrian stated jokingly.

”Me either. We should do it again.”

