A College Student's First Wetting Experiment

Author: Bunker

*000*2024-01-13 16:41

The days were getting shorter due to the seasons changing, autumn was finally here. Bored in a college classroom, Sara listened to the teacher's lesson while gazing at the already setting sun through some small windows. This late afternoon class couldn't end fast enough. While taking notes, she found herself being in need of a bathroom break. Waiting for the midway break of this three hours lesson, the urge slowly grew inside her.

After speaking for two hours straight without a pause, the teacher called for a quick break. Most of the class got up and left for the next few minutes, unfortunately for Sara, she had some questions to ask the teacher about the subject. As she got up and approached the front of the class, her heeled black boots tapped the ground with each steps. She asked her questions and got great advice in return. Thanking the teacher, she returned to her seat. Quickly remembering her need for the toilet, she was about to get up and leave class but the teacher looked at her and exclaimed he was starting back the lesson in a short moment. Turning back to her seat, she told herself it would be an easy hour to hold it.

Her assumption was quite wrong. After ten minutes of sitting in her chair, she started to get desperate. Before long she didn't think about anything but her need to pee. She rubbed her thighs under her pair of military green skinny jeans she wore that day. A few more minutes passed by and she kept most of her composure. Another urge hit her pretty quick, this time making her take off her leather jacket to cool off, leaving her in a white tank-top. She placed back her brown hair over her shoulders and crossed her legs. After all these antics, she finally started to see the light at the end of the tunnel... they were about 15 minutes left to class.

At that point, Sara's mind was over stimulated. Her brain decided to stop on something quite different. She had these ideas before, but never acted on them, it would be weird she thought. It would be gross she thought. It happened before when she was horny, her mind goblins kept telling her to wet herself. She always had thought it was maybe a normal response of her body while being really desperate. Luckily for her, she always made it in time to relief herself. This time, the idea came back with a vengeance. For some reason she found herself starting to get excited about the scenario... could you believe it? A college student pissing her pants in class like a baby? After a few moment lost in her train of thoughts, she snapped back into reality while slowly hiding her possibly apparent harden nipples under her black bras. Finally the class ended, giving her sweet release from this hell.

Quickly exiting the classroom, the student made a B-line for the nearest bathroom. The halls were less crowded at this hour, making her move faster. As she got to the door of the lady's room she found herself to a locked door. How was this possible? There's at least three stalls in there! She quickly realized the janitor's chariot next to her. The bathroom was getting cleaned at that moment, how lucky. Annoyed, she hurried to next one located a few hallways further. As she walked faster, she could feel her thighs rubbing together under her clacking boots. Meeting an acquaintance in one of the halls, she kept it to a short salute before continuing her quest trying to avoid a messy conversation.

What she couldn't avoid was the strange thoughts from before. Creeping back in with each moment of increased desperation, she found herself thinking about both scenarios of making it and enjoying sweet relief and how good it would feel to go right there and then. Arrived at the second restroom, she put her hand on the door to push it and enter but stopped as her hand touched with it. An hesitation of a few seconds happened, as she squirmed and stood there. As if nothing happened, she postured herself straight and with a confident look, shrugging it off.

You can hold it, you're a big girl. She told herself in her inner monologue. Turning away from the bathroom and walking away she got out of the campus building into the dark evening. Keeping her confident attitude, she walked the next two blocks to the bus station where her ride home was awaiting. Inside the terminus, she looked at the next bus departures... 30 minutes at least. She sat down as she quickly regretted her stupid little game of holding. Looking at the buses leaving the station through a painted glass where rain was starting to drip down on, she could focus on the droplets hitting the window.

She could feel her stomach cramping in a way she never felt before. Worried, she finally got up and made her way to the bus station restroom. She entered the hallway to the bathrooms, she wanted to scream in despair. The toilet was closed, a big red sign on the door. Standing awkwardly there, she didn't even notice a girl next to her looking at the desperate college student. As Sara let out a grunt of frustration, she turned her head as a question was thrown at her.

Lady, are you gonna wet your pants? The girl asked. A frustrated Sara didn't answer and turned back while spewing out a sigh. Standing in the terminal, she looked around. It was filled with people, mostly high school, college students and adults coming back from their work day. If the girl was right, she would totally embarrass herself in front of dozens of people. The pain didn't matter, no way she was peeing herself in public like that. She was pushing through, whatever happened next. Miraculously, she made it to the bus ride departure from the station. Less nice was another 30 minutes of commute to be home. Sitting in a double seat, Sara put her bag on her lap and awaited for the ride to start.

Hanging on by a thread, Sara looked at her phone to double check the bus route even though she took the same ride everyday to get home. She was trying to occupy her mind the best she could. As she kept looking, a cute guy sat right next to her on the second seat. Giving her a curtesy smile, she gave a quick one back while mentally panicking. Stuck next to him, she knew her chances of making it all the way were slim. She was hoping and praying for a safe ride, while the bus took off for the road. The bumps on the road certainly were sabotaging her capacity to hold back, as each one was almost like a direct push to her bladder. She could feel the squeeze of her thighs, stuck between the bus wall and the guys leg.

After a few stops, her inner pleas and concerned look made her seat partner give her a strange look. As she bit her lower lip to help with the pain, the bus hit another hole in the road. As they bounced inside the bus, a spurt finally exited her privates making a small wet patch on the inside of Sara's tan colored panties. Almost letting out a squeal, she managed to keep her cool and act normal. She couldn't believe it, not like this. She could feel it coming. It was about to happen, next to the cute guy, on a public bus. Sara's brain was counting down and preparing for the flood gates to open. A few more stops until home, but no way to make it. Her thoughts racing, she was about to tap the guy on the shoulder to ask him to move. 

As her hand lifted from her lap, the guy got up to get out at the next stop. She almost burst out celebrating at this mundane action, before returning to her impending doom. With the cute guy out of the picture, she found herself with four other people, all seating ahead of her. She lifted her bag to examine the damage, but she saw nothing noticeable from her point of view. At the same time another pesky bump came, this time making her squirt a substantial amount of pee in her seat. Gasping under her breath, she quickly lifted her bag again and saw an apparent wet patch on her olive pants as she could feel the seat's fabric being wet under her bum. She nervously hid the leak once again while acting calm and collected.

Finally her stop was next, she rang the driver for a stop and waited till the very last second to get up from her seat and rush the exit. In the ten seconds this action took place, she averted sight with the other passengers and the driver, only looking at the wet bus seat she left behind. Getting out in the cold rainy night, she walked toward her house. A few feet into this last stretch, she found herself thinking. You know what, I already wet myself at this point. She stopped in her tracks and gave up.

A strong and loud stream came out of her body straight into the fabric of her already damp panties, quickly producing a frothing hiss from her pants. A huge wet spot appeared on the front and back of her crotch, drenching both of her thighs and legs well into her boots. In a matter of seconds, her whole pants were wet and glistening due to oversaturation of pee. Standing in the rain, she let out a massive sigh of relief while feeling the hot shower running down her legs. Her whole bottom soaked in pee, she waited on the sidewalk for a moment then left.

Lucky for her, the rain decided to get worse. Torrential rain hit her after a few steps. Normally, anybody would start running to get at a dry place, but not Sara. She was happy to get her whole body and clothes wet. An even better way to hide everything! Coming home after a few minutes of harsh weather, she quickly rushed the bathroom to put all her clothes in the washing machine. Meanwhile, after jumping in the shower to clean herself, Sara took the showerhead to really clean her privates... Putting the showerhead into jet mode, she smirked and squirmed now a little more accepting of her strange and dirty thoughts.

The end.

