Wetting in the City Park

Author: BabyDreams

*000*2019-02-22 23:34

A little bit of background: the majority of this story is stitched together from multiple real life experiences, that either happened to me, or I witnessed them. I originally wanted to post the relevant part to Wetting Experiences, but I think it wasn't good enough in that form. So I decided to put together all these different parts into a single story happening with a single person instead. I hope you people like it

###

I had to pee a bit already while I was still at work. I tried to go to the bathroom, but since it was a Friday the cleaning lady overlapped her work with ours - so she can go home enjoying her weekend sooner. Can’t blame her, but I’m extremely bladder shy. She already started doing the bathroom when I entered the corridor leading there; I saw her big blue mopping bucket partially blocking the toilet’s doorway. I’m not just bladder shy, but also normal shy, and a little awkward at times - naturally, I didn’t want to ask her to leave. And there was no way that I’m gonna do it while she’s in there! I just brushed it off and pretended that I was looking for someone in the nearby room. “I could go into a café on my way home or something.” - I thought. There were plenty of such opportunities on the way from work to my bus stop. I was wearing a nice blouse, a skirt, and stockings that came up to my waist under it, with (not very high) heeled shoes. You know, pretty typical office lady stuff.

I finished whatever work I had left at that point, said goodbye to everyone still in the office, and left the building. I walked towards my stop on the right side of the street, while looking for a crossing to the left where all these bars, cafés, and small shops were. As I was looking around I’ve noticed my bus in the distance. This wasn’t a very busy line, so if I don’t catch it the next one is in something like 30 or 40 minutes.

“There is no way that I’m missing that.” - I thought. “It’s only half an hour until I’m home. And I’m already late, so peeing can wait a bit more.” I was going to a small gathering of friends later, so I had to go home, have an early dinner, have a shower, get ready, then travel through the city again to meet my friends. It was a cramped evening, and I had no time to waste now. I picked up the pace, and arrived to the bus stop at the same time as the bus rolled in. I felt this roughly grapefruit sized thing gently pushing forward in me, as I jogged. But I was fine.

To much of my annoyance traffic was so heavy on the road after we turned from the smaller street, that it was a constant crawl. Based on the number of stops covered after half an hour it would take about another hour to get home. And to add to my dismay the driver always pushed the brakes a little bit too hard, doing a lot of sudden stops. It felt like riding a race car or something. The sudden jerking motion that these stops introduced, sometimes several of them in a single minute, were somewhat annoying on their own. But considering their effect of it on my bladder they were seriously upsetting. Every time we stopped I had to hang on not to fall over, and clench muscles in my legs and abdomen. But I was kind of already occupied with clenching a very specific muscle to be honest, and every time I had to brace myself I could feel the extra effort that I needed to hold. And the desperation was growing and growing.

After about half an hour of this sudden starting and stopping I had the idea to discreetly zip my skirt down a bit. It didn’t have an elastic band in its waist, but it was a perfect fit for me zipped all up. Normally. Now my bladder was bulging against it, making it uncomfortably tight and adding much to my misery. I had an idea - “I just pull the zipper down like half the way. It will stay on for sure, but will ease the pressure a bit.” Covering the area with my bag I lifted the zipper handle up to get the little peck out of the teeth, so it can be moved, then... it didn’t move at all when I pulled.

I tried a little harder. No avail. I put my bag on my other shoulder after another brake-flooring, and checked it out. Just casually. You know, it’s not that I was threatened with a situation, that will make me the center of attention in an utterly humiliating manner I couldn’t see anything wrong with the zipper. Looked away like something interesting is happening over there, and tried pulling it again, but it still stayed up.

“Great. It’s stuck.” I was really looking forward pulling down that zipper, and being robbed from that was annoying. I could swear that it made the pressure even worse. I felt the tears of frustration welling up in me, but I held back. At that point I would happily pee into the cleaning lady’s bucket given the chance, even while she watches. But that ship has sailed, hasn’t it? Instead of that here I was, stuck at a public place, with what felt like a small melon sized iron ball down there, nagging me every second.

We were turning onto this smaller two-lane road that goes through a huge park. I knew the route like the back of my hand, since I was on it every day for a year now, and I was still too far away from home even at normal travel speed. “I had to find a place to pee RIGHT NOW.” - I decided. We had one stop coming up right at the edge of the park, and I knew that there is one in the middle, and all the rest are in the city again. The one coming up now is too open and possibly crowded, but the next one is usually less populated. “I’ll just pee behind a tree or in the bushes, or something.” There was even a public bathroom somewhere in that park that I used before, but I quickly put it out of my mind; tried not to think about toilets at that time. I might start peeing.

Yeah, but this smaller road was full of cars as well, at least in my direction. It took something like another 15 minutes to get to my new destination in the middle of the park. I tried not to potty dance or very obviously push my thighs together, since the bus had quite a few people on it, but I did it a few times regardless. I honestly don’t know how I survived, but we finally arrived. I stepped off, the bus rang its bells and closed its doors, and went back to crawling in traffic. I looked around, noticed these very inviting bushes about a minute away.

Finally I could see the light at the end of the tunnel! I walked along the road on the side walk for a bit - strangely the other side of the two way road had barely any traffic. I walked as fast as I could without pissing myself in the open. I suddenly heard water splashing - a street cleaner truck was coming the other way. “Of course you have to splash fucking water around right when I’m almost pissing myself!” - I was fuming inside But honestly I could only blame myself for this.

Acting as casually as I could manage at that point, I went away from the road on this footpath and deeper into the park, towards the bushes. They were a little bit short and sparse to squat down, and there were people around, so I started looking for a denser patch nearby. That’s when I saw this somewhat elevated place a little farther away, with trees and big dense bushes. “Oh, that’s just perfect.” - I was breathing heavily and occasionally whimpering at this point. With one hand grabbing the side of my skirt nervously and my bag with the other, I marched on. “I’m never ever delaying peeing again. Ever!” - I vowed to myself. Probably not the first or the second time either

I was well outside of sight from the road, but had to cross this smaller one perpendicular to it. It had a wheelchair-compatible curb on one side, but where I was going there was no slope. Right as I stepped up onto this unusually high curb and lifted my other foot up I lost control. It started slow, just a trickle. But with each passing second I can feel the muscle getting looser and looser, despite me trying to clamp down on it. While this trickle gradually grow to a full-bore peeing, I started running. I also pulled up my skirt and held it in one hand, so at least it doesn't get wet. It wasn’t the first time that I peed myself in stockings by the way, so I kind of expected the stream to just pass through my panties and the nylon with minimal flood damages. But this time I happened to have a panty liner in, since I was close to those days.

That little fighter soaked up pee for like two or three seconds early on. Good for small accidents, perhaps, but it ultimately blocked the path of the stream. So instead of just coming straight out, and maybe wetting one of my legs a bit, it started flooding my panties backwards, and flowing down both my legs. I ran into the bushes, and squat down behind the first tree. Tried to pull the zipper on my skirt much more aggressively now, but it looked like I caught some fabric with it when I pulled up, so I couldn't get it off even then. I tried pulling the stockings through it, so I can get it and my panties off, but it was too much for one hand. So I just ended up squatting there with my skirt in my hands, and listening to the sounds that the rest of my pee made, as it splattered onto the ground from my entirely wet butt. "Well, at least I don't have to pee any more."

As I could feel my poor sphincter finally relax into normal position, I tried to fish some tissues and random napkins out of my bag, so I don't slowly flood my shoes with all the pee still in the fabric. This is when I heard a voice behind me. “Look Mommy, the lady peed herself!” - as I turned towards the voice I saw this little boy pointing at me with one hand, with his mum holding his other, going away from me deeper into the bushes. Most likely for the same reason I was there.

I could feel the heat creeping into my face as I turned away and looked down “Yeah, this grown up baby managed to piss herself.” - I thought with a frown on my face. “Maybe I need someone, too, to grab my hand and take me to the toilet sometimes.” I wanted to call a taxi, but I couldn't sit down like this. I had to wait for the next bus, and hope that either my pee doesn't smell, or that the bus has someone even smellier. I don't know if anyone noticed me, because I was bright red from the second that I walked to the bus, and only looked out the window or down.

And of course I was late for that night

*002*2019-03-03 20:11

{{On 2/23/2019 at 8:34 PM, Gemmy said:

Nice story, very well written from the characters point of view. Very enjoyable read

}}

Thank you It's nice to get some praise from such superstars of the site, as you.

