Jacob and Sam's Bladder Marathon

Author: BladderFull12

*000*2018-11-19 13:12

Wanna say thanks to my amazing beta! Hope all of u can enjoy this.

Jacob and Sam’s bladder marathon

“I didn’t remember “The Fellowship of the Ring” being so long”, Jacob commented, visibly anxious.

“That’s the extended version for you!” pointed his friend Sam. “You’ve got to admit watching it on the big screen is something different! I don’t care how good your TV is!”

“Yeah… it’s different all-right! Back home I can pause it!”

“Oh boo-hoo! Come on man! Don’t tell me that wasn’t great! We should be so lucky as to have a re-run marathon in our town!”

“Yeah… I gotta admit, I missed seeing these on the big screen.”

Both friends were standing up as the credits were rolling and the lights turning back on in the movie theater. Around them, every other moviegoer was standing up as well.

“Come on man, let’s go, I’m starving!” commented Sam. “Let’s order some pizzas. This salty popcorn didn’t feed me properly.”

Both men walked down the corridors at a pace slowed by the large audience that had gathered.

Once back in the hall, Jacob commented:

“Hang on a minute, dude. I’ve gotta take a leak!”

“That might prove difficult man! Look at all these people in front of the bathroom!” Sam replied.

The line was indeed quite discouraging. There were probably 30 men waiting past the door to the bathroom. Both friends could only guess that there were at least as many guys waiting their turn inside the bathrooms. As usual, the line in front of the ladies’ room was even longer.

“Damn it!” Jacob mumbled under his breath.

“Forget it, bro! Can’t you hold it? We can wait until we’re back at your place. This will take forever.”

“Yeah, I guess you’re right...” conceded Jacob, defeated. He knew he would have to hold it until his place, or at least try to.

They left the theater and started walking down the streets.

“Another 40 minutes of walk”, thought Jacob.

“I can’t wait for part 2 tomorrow!” commented Sam.

“Yeah, well I can’t wait to pee!” added Jacob.

“I can tell! You look all tense!”

“Yeah, that was the “big gulp” drink. 2 liters of diuretic soda! What was I thinking?”

“You were thinking the same thing that I was thinking, Jake. You were thinking that their popcorn was way too salty, that you needed to wash it down and that tomorrow, you’re taking the sweet one.”

“Well don’t YOU need a piss? You’ve drank as much as I have!”

“Of course I need a piss, man. But watcha gonna do? No point complaining. The sooner we’re back at your place, the sooner we can pee and forget about it!”

“I guess you’re right.”

Both friends started walking, both being quite tense. It was obvious, though, that Jacob was feeling worse than his friends. 15 minutes into their 40 minutes walk, he was already taking small, mincing steps and bending slightly forward, clearly unwilling to take bigger steps.

Little by little, thought, Sam was starting to feel the same discomfort as his friend. The 2 liters “big gulp” cup of soda was truly filling his bladder and he was starting to dance around a bit.

For a little while, both friends managed to try and think about something else. Mostly, they talked about the two girls they had in mind. Incidentally, the girls they were after were both best friends, just like Jacob and Sam. Jacob had the cute Linda in his sight while Sam had Sarah in mind. Sam mentioned how the girls might not be interested, as they had “chickened out” that night.

“They didn’t just “chicken out!”, dude, they had their yoga class tonight! Oooohhhh damnit!”

Sam turned to watch his friend who had stopped in his tracks, a few steps behind him.

Jacob seemed unable to take another step. He was furiously fidgeting, jumping from one foot to the next while grabbing his crotch.

Sam was no better. His thighs were pressed strongly against one-another. He had not realized that his own hands had reached for his crotch and that he was also grabbing himself. Only upon seeing his friend squirming did he realize that he was giving a show himself.

“Dude! I’m not going to make it! The park is right passed this corner! Let’s make a run for it and piss behind a tree!” Jacob suggested.

“What, and become a sex offender? Fuck that, man! I’d rather piss myself! Do you want to spend a couple of months getting raped in the county jail and then go door to door to explain to people that you are a perverted freak? It’s not worth it!”

“Man, did you hear me? I’m going to wet my freakin’ pants!”

“So wet them, then! It’s better than the alternative!”

“No way I’m pissing myself man!” Jacob protested.

“Well then, keep walking. Things won’t get better with you just standing there!” Sam commented.

“I guess you’re right again!” Jacob grumbled before struggling to start walking again.

For the next few minutes, Both guys were complaining more and more loudly about the state of their bladders while cautiously walking.

“Man, I need to pee sooooooo bad!” Jacob commented.

“I know, man, I know! Me too! Just keep walking! We’re more than half-way there!”

“Sam! Seriously man, I’m not going to make it!”

While it was clear that Jacob was near the bursting point, Sam did not feel much better. He was already doing quite an intense pee-pee dance.

“Hey guys!” a familiar voice called them from a distance. In the dark, the could not recognize the two figures moving toward them but Jacob pointed:

“Shit man! I think it’s Linda and Sarah!”

“Damn it! Are you sure?”

“Yeah… I think so. I recognized her voice!”

“They couldn’t have chosen a worse time!” Sam commented.

While the two female figures were getting nearer, both men tried to act relaxed, or at least as relaxed as they could manage. They were not very convincing and knew so. Still, in the presence of the two ladies they were after, they could not dance around. This forced relaxed stance made it even harder for them to hold their overfilled bladders.

“Oh, hey you guys, what’s up?” Sam tried to say, nonchalantly. He was acting tense, Jacob thought. They two girls would see right through their act.

“Not much. Just back from yoga class. About to go to Linda’s place. She doesn’t live very far. How was the movie?”

“It was great!” tried to comment Jacob, realizing only afterward that he sounded even more anxious than Sam.

“Are you guys ok? You look SUPER nervous!” Linda had said that.

“Yeah… you’re fidgeting and all. Are you high or something?” Sarah almost had a disappointed tone in her voice.

Jake knew that, for the health-conscious, yoga-practicing, exercising young ladies, the idea that the guys dating them were taking drugs would be a deal-breaker.

In spite of his humiliation, he decided to go for the truth. “Honesty is the best policy”, as the saying went.

“All right guys”, Jacob started saying. “Here’s the deal. Don’t make fun of us. We both had a very large soda each at the movie, and neither of us went to the bathroom. We’re basically bursting to pee right now!”

Both girls laughed.

“Well that’s just natural then!” added Sarah. “No worries. Linda’s house is only a couple of blocks away. We were just headed there. Follow us and we’ll take care of your bladders!” she had a smile in her voice.

In other circumstances, Jacob and Sam would be delighted to be in the girls’ company, especially when their skin-tight yoga pants were molding their feminine curves under the street lamps.

But at the moment, their full bladders and the need to relieve them was all that mattered.

They were quickly there. Linda rented a house with a front and a back-yard.

“I wonder which one of you can hold it the longest?” Sarah asked with some mischief in her voice.

“Yeah… I’m wondering that too, now that you’ve said it!”

Sam’s voice was almost pleading:

“Come on, guys! Now is no time for jokes! We’re both dying to pee here!”

“Yeah… you both seem pretty damn desperate! But come on! Don’t you guys want to be our knights in shining armor? Can’t you just hold a little wee-wee for a while? Are you grown-ups or what?” Sarah added. A sadistic one, Sam thought. He would not have taken her for such a cruel trickster.

“Tell you what, guys. Let’s make this a double date, with a twist. You both wanted to be with us, right?”

Both guys looked at each-other anxiously before nodding to the two women. Now was no time to argue.

“Well since we’re heading this way, let’s do the following: Tonight, the winner will get to see the girl he’s after naked! What do you think, Linda?”

Deal!”

“And the loser?” Jacob asked nervously. He was now doing an open pee-pee dance. He no longer cared about his personal image. Both girls already knew their predicament. Besides, his best friend and now competitor for the night was doing the same in a desperate attempt to stay dry.

“A consolation prize! Since he’s going to wet himself anyway, the other girl will get to see HIM naked! Almost as good!”

“All right…” both guys sighed.

“Awesome!”

For the next few minutes, both guys squirmed, fidgeted and danced around, squeezing their thighs shut, crossing and uncrossing their legs and grabbing themselves best they could. Their moans and complains were the only sound in the back-yard. Both yoga girls sat and watched eagerly this spectacle without saying a word.

After what felt like an eternity, Jacob let out a louder complain:

“Oh noooo….”

“Oh… looks like we have a winner!” Linda said, seeming almost disappointed that her “champion” had lost.

“Did you pee yourself Jake” Sarah asked.

“Only a few drops!”

“Well then, that doesn’t count!” retorted Linda. “Let’s give it some more time.”

Jacob was clearly at the end of his rope. He already had lost control somewhat. He only knew it would only be a matter of time before he wet himself completely.

Inside his body, he could feel his muscles starting to relax against his will. He was slowly losing this battle and had to exert an ever more conscious control to avoid another leak.

Another few minutes and a longer drop of pee escaped his exhausted, pained bladder. Defeated, he pointed to it. Clearly, Sam was more able to handle the pressure. He hadn’t needed to pee as bad as Jacob upon exiting the theater.

He pointed to his new loss.

Both girls applauded a bit.

“How much did you pee?” Sarah asked.

“Let us see your pants!” said Linda.

Both girls turned on the light on their phones and Jacob reluctantly removed his hands to display what was a small but quite obvious dark spot on the front of his blue jeans.

“Well then, let’s keep the show going for a bit longer!” Linda added. “I’m sure you can try and hold the rest in for a while longer, Jake.”

“I’ll try, Linda!” Jacob answered without much conviction.

In fact, he was certain that his little spurts of pee would only get bigger and bigger until he actually flooded his pants. His bladder had tasted relief and, just like a shark tasting blood, it was screaming for more.

A couple more minutes passed with the girls now openly discussing the guys’ condition and making fun of their little dances, before another urge took over Jacob.

This time, just like before, it was too much for him to handle.

Upon feeling this urge, all his levees broke. His bladder emptied itself in his pants for several seconds before he could finally manage to take back control of his body.

By then it was too late. The entire front of his pants was soaked and the large dark spot was growing along his legs. Both girls laughed at him while his friend looked even more nervous. Sam probably wanted to do just the same thing, he thought.

Finally, since he had clearly lost, Jacob let go. He resigned himself to emptying his bladder entirely inside his pants. He was already soaked and humiliated. He might as well have an empty bladder. It wasn’t as if his situation could get worse.

Humbled, his head low, Jacob let a puddle of water form at his feet. He had just pissed himself in front of the girl he liked, her best friend and HIS own best friend.

“Well, a word’s a word”, said Sarah. She grabbed one of Sam’s hand and started dragging him toward the house.

“Come on desperate boy! Let’s go to the bathroom! You can watch me strip while you stand in the shower, you know, just in case!”

“Wait!” Sam protested as he was being carried away. “Don’t I get to pee?”

“No one said anything about that, Sam!” Linda joked to the man who was leaving their side.

So Sam would have to stay desperate to pee while he was watching Sarah strip? These women definitely had a wicked sense of humor, Jacob thought.

Linda finally stood up from the step where she had been sitting and walked toward Jacob. She was grinning from ear to ear.

“Well, I’m sorry you had to see that Lin. But that’s what you and Sarah wanted, wasn’t it?”

“It was indeed, Jake! Well I’m not sorry I saw it. Can I confess something?”

She had taken another step toward him She was now right next to him, only separated by a small space, probably to avoid his soaked pants, Jacob thought. If she could just press her body against his, she probably would, Jacob thought.

“Sure...” Jacob was a bit more hesitant and shy than he would normally be around a pretty girl he liked. But who wouldn’t be, standing in a puddle wearing soaked pants they had just peed inside?

“I think you looked kinda cute doing your little pee-pee dance, earlier. And your face, when you lost control, well, you just looked ADORABLE!”

In spite of the faint light, Jacob could tell that the lady was blushing. It had clearly cost her to confess that.

He decided to take his chance and steal a kiss. She gladly returned it.

“You wanna watch The Two Towers with us tomorrow evening? You and Sarah could join me and Sam.”

“Only if you promise to get another huge cup of soda… and not visit the bathroom, cute boy!” she joked before kissing him again.

“All right… but you’ll have to do the same then!” They kissed again and Linda whispered: “maybe”.

“Tell you what, Jake. When they are both gone, I wanna collect my prize. You can use a good shower, we need to get you out of these clothes, and I will be here to watch.”

She then added:

“Who knows? Maybe you won’t be the only ones stripping around here?” she teased before planting another kiss on his lips.

Feeling like Heaven, Jacob thanked the guy at the concession stand, Peter Jackson and his bladder for the night that was starting. It had only taken a peeing accident!

*002*2018-11-22 15:43

{{On 11/20/2018 at 7:06 PM, Peterson said:

Very good!

}}

Thanks

