Alastor has a lot on his mind. (SFW)

Author: Bleblehblehe

*000*2024-05-12 04:35

These past few weeks just haven’t been the same…

Alastor had been stressed ever since the fight with Adam. Remembering that he nearly died for the second time sent shivers down his spine. So for the last few weeks, he’s mostly been either rotting away in his room, or his tower. He had barely been talking with anybody, it had become too much of a hassle to go down into the lobby to get something. It stayed that way for at least a week. Til Charlie had had enough of his behavior.

“Alastor you’ve been in there for the past week! You have to come down eventually!” She pouted while knocking at the door. “I’d like to refrain from that dear.” He responded, the annoyance clear in his tone. “All right that’s it!” And without giving Alastor any time to react, Charlie busted into his room and practically dragged him out. “Dear can we please not do this, I’m not in the mood to talk with people…” He said glumly. “I’m sure you’ll manage. Now come on!”

Alastor sat at the table with the others and much to his dismay, was getting asked questions left and right. He waved them all off as he tried to eat his food in peace, and in the end wound up chugging 4 cups of tea. He doesn’t even like tea, he just wants some kind of excuse to not talk with anyone. “Whoa slow down smiles! Don’t want you making a puddle ‘ere.” Angel teased. “HA! That’s hilarious!” Alastor said with a clear death stare. “He’s right though, I’m not cleaning up piss.” Husk grumbled with a side eye.

By that point Alastor was so fed up with everything going on he just went back to his safe haven. A.K.A his room. With no one banging at his door to socialize, annoying him, teasing him about wetting his clothes. He just wanted to get dressed into more comfortable clothes, kick off his shoes, and go to sleep. Who cares if he had a lot to drink? He can just go pee in the morning.

He flopped down into bed, snuggled into his blankets and fell asleep in just a few seconds. He missed this feeling, finally being able to rest after a long day. But of course. After such a nerve inducing, and honestly painful experience. There’s no way his memories are letting him sleep peacefully.

It was quick. too quick. The flash of light that soared in front of him, it was just too fast for him to handle. Without your radio stick you’re nothing but a deer that’s waiting to be hunted. He was supposed to be an overlord, how could all his power be taken away by just a flash of light..? Was it the deal? Was it him..? Why? Whywhywhywhywhywhywhy? Why..? WHY?! For the first time in his life he was scared… he doesn’t like being scared. He wanted to just destroy Adam to bits for making him cower in such a way. But no matter how much he wanted to, he just wasn’t strong enough. He hated that. He wanted to cry at the thought. But he couldn’t… right..?

Alastor woke up with a gasp so strong his chest was sore, he was shaking all over in a cold sweat and could feel tears pricking the edges of his eyes. He sat there in bed, taking deep breaths trying to calm himself down but despite his best efforts, was teetering on the edge of a panic attack. He tried to get his body to stop shaking, but he just couldn’t get his legs to stay still. Not to mention that mixed with his fear he had another feeling that bothered him but he couldn’t quite put his finger on. He was bouncing in place, rubbing his legs together, and it finally hits him when his hands shoot down to his crotch. He needed to pee. Now.

He carefully climbed out of bed, hands plastered to his crotch as his poor bladder screamed at him to get to a bathroom. As soon as he stood up the spasm only got worse, he crossed his legs together as tight as he could, hands buried deep in his crotch, a low whimper in his throat. He took deep breaths and barely managed to walk to his bathroom door and just as he was about to open the door, disaster struck.

“Hey Al! What’s with all the noise?!” Alastor let out a yelp at the sound of the sudden door opening, and voice calling. And added onto his already panicked state was just too much for him to handle. He stood stiff as a board with his legs closed and hands tugging at the front of his shirt. “Alastor..?” Angel said as he walked over to the shaking figure, that cried as he realized what was happening.

The sound of liquid falling onto the floor was heard and all the poor deer could do was cry as the fear of both the nightmare and the situation overtook him. The stream went on for an entire minute, and by the end, his underwear, pants, and socks were soaked with pee as he stood over a huge puddle, it was hard to tell if it was pee or tears at this point. Alastor cried harder, he was so overwhelmed, his wet clothes, the fear, the fact Angel was right there was so… Scary…

“Al… I’m sorry…” Angel said as he walked over to the crying figure, he shushed him and muttered sweet nothings to him. Alastor eventually just buried his head in Angels chest and said “I-… I’m scared…” “Hey… let’s get you a bath running alright..?” Angel said as he hauled the sobbing demon into the bathroom and turned on the water. He turned to look over at the radio demon, that to his surprise took his hand like a small child. “Al, I don’t know what is was that scared you this bad, but I promise to try and help you…” he said as he took Alastor in for a hug and ran his fingers through his hair.

“So… Scary…” Alastor has never felt so vulnerable in his entire existence. He was even biting the nail on his thumb as clinged onto Angel for what felt like dear life. “I’m… gonna go find you a change of clothes ok..?” Angel said as he tried to leave but was stopped by Alastors grip on his hand. “Al, I’m gonna need you to let go…” The radio demon shook his head and only clinged tighter. “Alright, come with me then. Angel turned in a light and got a new pair of underwear socks and pants. “Never did I think I would be able to see you out of all people act like a lost 5 year old Al.” Angel said as a sat Alastor down on the bathroom floor and turned off the water to the bathtub.

“There you go, take a bath and I’ll be outside.” Angel said as he walked out. Now Alastor was alone. All alone. He could feel his breath get short, and tears well up in his eyes again, he quickly got into the bathtub before he could start panicking again. It relaxed him a little bit, and the change of clothes helped with that too. When he walked out he saw Angel sitting down on his bed, with a worried look on his face when he came in. Alastor sat next to him immediately cuddling against him.

“Smiles… What happened to you that got you so scared?” Alastor could only cry even more and mutter so quietly it was barely a whisper say “Had a nightmare of… Adam…” Even if Angel and Alastor didn’t have a close relationship, Angel couldn’t help but feel his heart break for the demon crying in his chest. “You were brave to approach him in the first place, that what matters.” Angel said as he rubbed Alastors head, finally getting him to stop crying. They stayed like that for a few minutes, just having the comfort of touch.

“Come on, let’s go watch a movie til we pass out.” Angel said as he lead Alastor over to the lobby tv. Angel also grabbed some cups of tea, snacks, and blankets. “Careful with how much you drink, don’t want you to have another accident.” Angel teased as a handed Alastor the infamous drink that caused the entire incident. Alastor gave him a slightly annoyed look and said “If I need to, I’ll just go, besides I’ll only have one cup.” “It’s fine, I’ll just run you another bath if you have an accident.” “Angel!” Alastor said, clearly embarrassed. “It’s ok, I promise to not tell anyone about this, alright?” “Yes… thank you for everything.” Alastor said before falling into a deep sleep on Angels lap.

