Desperation Dungeon: Remastered Edition

Author: Bulge_Lover

*000*2018-07-10 04:19

Hello, readers. Thank you so much for reading my work. Most of you probably know about the original version of this story since it was on or near the front page for ages. It is the longest Omorashi story I’ve ever written, and I never intended for it to become that. It was originally supposed to be a series of short stories in a much simpler location, but once I wrote the first of said stories, I realized how much potential something like this had and I decided to go big with Desperation Dungeon. In this Remastered Edition, you will find:

1: Proper formatting.

2: Fixed typos, errors, and continuity. (Cheers is in Boston, for fuck's sake.)

3: Many repetitive words replaced with more unique ones.

4: A slightly-changed story, fixing what I consider to be bad writing and bad choices.

5: Two .PDF files, containing the following versions of Desperation Dungeon:

5A: A version with Size 12 text, meant to be read on a PC or (very) large tablet.

5B: A version with Size 18 text, meant to be read on a smartphone or smaller tablet.

You will find both versions attached to the bottom of this post. I do apologize for not simply posting this as a normal thread rather than a download. Refuckulating it for OmoOrg's crappy formatting would take absolute ages, and I would very likely miss a bunch of spaces or italics, rendering it even more messy than the original version. All stories I write after this will both be posted here normally, as well as include .PDF files, so people can read them however they like.

I will also state that this version will be the one that is considered “canon,” so if you are one of the few readers who actually care about the characters and the story, this is the one that you'll want to remember for when I decide to continue it. I will also say that I will never again post a story in parts. Finishing this was a nightmare, despite how much I love it. Everything I upload from this point on will be completely finished.

For new readers, I truly hope you enjoy this novel-length story. It contains a couple hundred pages of extreme and consensual female desperation, an actual story with wonderful characters, bulging bladders, lesbian sex, and tons of intimacy and love. For female readers, it's written with great respect for women and with a full understanding of women's anatomy. I really did put my all into it. For returning readers, I'm just super happy that I wrote something that you find worth rereading. Again, thank you all.

- B.L.

Desperation Dungeon Remastered.pdf

DD for Smartphones.pdf

*011*2018-07-12 02:35

{{12 hours ago, Zedd3 said:

Thanks for your work, BL, this is the best story I have read.

Unfortunately, I'm getting an OmoOrg is over-capacity error when trying to download attachments. I'm not sure if posting here makes me enough of an active member to be able to download it.

Is it possible to upload this somewhere else? Alternatively, have you given any more thought into publishing it somewhere where we can download it for a few dollars (Amazon maybe)?

On an unrelated note, do you have any more information to share about the other project you alluded to in your original post?

}}

PM'd you the files.

As for the other project, don't expect it SOON, but I am actually working on it now. The website I was originally creating it on shut down so I had to transfer it to a program on my PC which I'm still learning how to use. Now that I've properly finished Dungeon though, (or at least the first part of it,) I'll be working on that a good bit more.

*019*2019-03-03 14:58

{{4 hours ago, RagingPython said:

JESUS CHRIST 170 PAGES WHAT THE FUCK

10/10. If you have the talent and patient to write 170-page stories you should porbsblg be using it for something other than this. But it’s up to you. I’d be trying to write a proper novel though if I could write that much.

}}

Well I am a writer in "real life" so I do use said talent for other things. Omo will always be my biggest passion though and I love writing massive and really good stories about it. I know it'll never get me C A S H M O N E Y but it's definitely my favorite writing subject.

*023*2019-06-10 05:36

{{On 7/10/2018 at 7:44 AM, Lapiiss said:

I have always wanted to read this but it seemed like such an intimating length for smut. I'm going to have to now though!

I'm in love with your writing and look forward to finally finishing your longest work! ❤️

}}

Sorry to necro a thread but I'm curious, did you ever get around to reading this? I'd love to hear your thoughts on it.

