Hilda's Pee Scheme: A Fire Emblem Three Houses Fiction

Author: balthazor

*000*2020-01-02 09:21

I used to not be able to understand how some people could just disappear from this website for years and then come back saying stuff like "Oh, I was busy with school". Anyways, I'm back after not posting anything for like two years because I was busy with school. Hopefully this lasts, but no promises.

In my absence, I noticed that there are not nearly enough fictions about Three Houses, so I wrote one.

###

Today, it was Hilda’s turn to clean the library. It had never been her favorite activity. In fact, every time it was her turn for it, she tried her hardest to pawn it off onto someone else. Something about spending her time cleaning off dusty shelves and organizing musty old books just wasn’t appealing to her, but nonetheless, here she was dusting off those shelves and organizing those musty old books. It was when she was on a ladder putting volumes 8 through 14 of The Grand History of Almyra back on the shelves when she felt a subtle pang in her bladder.

“Uh oh.” She thought.

“Guess I’ll have to pee soon. Wait… I can use this…”

Hilda’s plan was simple: she would wait for someone to come into the library, explain that she needs to pee, and get them to clean while she uses the bathroom. Then all she had to do was wait for a while before returning and they will have done most of the work for her. It was genius. All she had to do was wait for someone to come to the library, however, that proved to be easier said than done.

No one was coming to the library for some reason. She wasn’t watching a clock, but she felt like it had been a while since she came up with her plan, and her bladder wasn’t exactly fairing the best. She found it difficult to stand still, her legs were getting shaky, and if she wasn’t thinking about it her hand naturally began to move towards her crotch.

“Ugh… I can’t take this anymore. I can always just pretend like I need to pee anyways.”

Hilda climbed down from the ladder and began to make her way towards the door when suddenly someone walked in. It was Cyril. Hilda immediately put her plan into action.

“Hey Cyril!”

“Oh no… What do you want Hilda?”

“What do you mean ‘oh no’? I was just saying hello.”

“Every time you ‘just say hello’, I end up doing something that isn’t my job.”

“Well I’m glad that you and I are on the same page. See, it’s my turn to clean the library, but I really need to use the ladies’ room, so I was hoping that you could help clean while I’m gone.”

“Ugh… fine. It looks better when I do it anyways.”

“Thanks Cyril, you’re a big help!”

Hilda immediately left the library as fast as she could, which wasn’t really that fast as she was finding moving with a full bladder to be difficult.

“Uuuuu… I must have waited way longer than I thought I did.”

She was hobbling through the hall in a hunched over position, basically cradling her swollen bladder.

“I can’t be seen like this!” she thought as she forced herself to walk normally much to her bladder’s dismay.

The library was located on the second floor of the reception hall. There were two bathrooms in the in the reception hall. One was on the third floor. That one was out of the question, as no one but Rhea and her personal guards were allowed up there. The other was on the first floor with no restrictions. Hilda was making her way there. However, before the stairs, she noticed that a lot of people were in the audience chamber.

“Huh, there must be some kind of event going on. Well, that explains why no one was going to the library today… wait… oh no… if there’s a lot of people here then…”

When she made it downstairs, Hilda’s fears were realized. There was a sizable line in front of the bathroom. It looked like 9 or 10 people.

“Uuuuuuu… I’ll wet myself if I have to stand still that long. That bathroom is out of the question, but the next closest bathroom is the cafeteria… ugh… I guess that’ll have to do.”

Hilda turned around and began making her way to the cafeteria.

She was finding it harder and harder to keep walking like normal. It was like there were weights attached to her bladder that were pulling her down, but she was determined to power through. She made her way through the cafeteria doors while still walking normally, walked past the various people dining, made it to the bathroom, put her hand on the door and…

OUT OF ORDER

“Wuh…”

The full force of her bladder hit her as soon as she realized what that meant. She felt her panties beginning to grow warm. A single stream began making its way down her right thigh.

“aaaaahhhhh… nononononono not here not here not here!”

It took every ounce of strength she had not to double over and piss herself right there, but she managed to stop the stream.

“Come on Hilda! You’re smarter than this! Think, think, think! Uhh… okay… the next closest bathroom is in the dorms… ah but if this bathroom is closed and there’s a line at the reception hall, then there’s definitely going to be a line at the dorms… but that’s the last bathroom in the Monastery… so bathrooms are out of the question… is there somewhere private I could go? I’m not above peeing in public, but I am above people seeing me pee in public… Ah! There’s that alley behind the stables! There’s some barrels and boxes blocking the way so no one ever goes down there, but you can squeeze by if you need to… Okay… you have a plan… now you just need to get moving…”

Hilda found moving extremely difficult and walking normally was impossible. With every step she took, she could feel the wetness from her thighs rubbing together, and the wetness on her panties seemed to be teasing her lower lips.

“Come on Hilda… you’re almost there… AHH!”

She was beginning to dribble again, but this time she was so close to her goal that she chose to keep moving. The wetness on her panties expanded and a stream began running down her right thigh again, except this time it split into another stream that began to run down her left thigh. Hilda was completely wetting herself, but she kept moving. She pushed past some boxes and made it to the alley. Looking around, she confirmed that no one was in view.

“I… made it…”

As soon as that thought entered her mind, Hilda’s legs along with her bladder completely gave out.

A stream so powerful that it seemed to ignore her panties entirely began pouring out of her. Her thighs became completely soaked and she didn’t even want to think about her poor panties. Hilda was on her knees, holding herself up with her hands on the ground, so the torrent coming out of her was hitting the front of her skirt before falling to the ground, thankfully dampening the sound a little bit. Not that Hilda was thinking about that. An adverse effect of this is that the front of her skirt was getting soaked. There was puddle growing underneath her that spread from her knees all the way to her hands, and it still seemed to be growing. Hilda stayed there, peeing herself at full force for what felt like hours before the stream began to trickle down.

Hilda had never considered herself the crying type, but she felt tears flowing down her cheeks nonetheless.

“I… I… I wet myself…”

She lifted her hands from the ground and noticed that her palms and fingers were completely wet from the puddle beneath her. This left her only the back of her wrists to wipe her eyes with.

“It… it’s okay Hilda. You’re a big girl. You can take this.”

After her mental pep talk, Hilda stood up and began surveying the damages.

“Okay… the most important thing, how is my skirt doing?”

Hilda looked down at her skirt and began feeling all around it.

“Looks like it only got wet on the front, and since it’s black it doesn’t show up that well. It only shines a little in the light, so if I just go directly home without talking to anyone, I should be fine. Now… how are my panties doing… ugh… I’m scared to even look.”

Her hands shaking, Hilda lifted up the front of her skirt to show a completely soaked pair of white panties. In fact, they were so wet that she could almost see straight through them.

“Eww eww ewww! Alright, those are going straight in the trash when I get home. Now, to flee the crime scene.”

Hilda stuck her head out of the alley and looked both ways: nobody in sight.

“Thank the goddess. Most people must be at whatever’s going on in the reception hall.”

Hilda made it to her room without incident. She stripped off her panties and skirt and wiped her legs off with a towel. She then made her way to the bathhouse, and while she was soaking away her shame, one thought crossed her mind.

“I hope Cyril isn’t too mad.”

