Ginny’s desperate day: A Harry Potter Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-02-10 22:44

It was 7:00 AM in Hogswarts Castle, Ginny Weasley woke up from her deep sleep to find out she needs to pee desperately. She ignored her urge and went back to sleep but it was hard because of her mind kept thinking about her past wettings. Hermione was also desperate to the two girls thought of masterbating as they both loved wetting their beds. Ginny likes this because her first accident happened in Year 2 where she had to had help Tom Riddle come back and ordered her not to use a single toilet and this is what he said “Ginny you cannot use or go to use the toilet, go wet yourself.”

So they masterbating in bed and waiting for themselves to pee their pyjamas pants. Ginny and Hermione have full bladders now, as the two girls waiting for their golden pee to come out and wet the sheets. They both feel a squirt coming out and dampening their pyjamas pants, they both softly grunt as they let out a smell fart. They grunted again and farted again and continued masterbating they let go and another squirt of pee come gushing out from their hairy pussy and making their pyjamas pants wet.

Hermione and Ginny masterbated one last time they started losing control of her bladder and started peeing themselves.

Their bed sheets getting wet and their pyjamas pants getting darker in colour. They started taking off their pyjamas pants as they kept peeing their endless pee coming out until they were completely naked in a wet bed. They got out very quietly to walk to the girls bathroom.

They walked naked to the bathroom, when they got there they got some toilet paper to wipe their wet legs and pussy. The girls walked outsidej and put on their panties and skirt and shirt.

The other girls woke up and used the bathroom to do things such as peeing on the toilet, brushing their teeth and brushing their hair. Ginny was talking to Hermione, she drank about 5-6 waters. They all walked to the Great Hall she sat next to Harry Potter and listened to Dumbledore’s speech as she felt she had to go to the bathroom to have a big wee, she had to hold it in.

@@The speech ended and Ginny’s first class was charms as she had a full bladder as they boy accidentally did the charm Aguamenti instead of Reducto, which made Ginny’s bladder worsen. She took out her wand and pointed at her pussy and said a spell that make you hold your pee in longer, but there was a big problem Draco Malfoy was looking at her squirming in her chair and Malfoy put the opposite spell on Ginny, that makes you pee instead of holding it in. Ginny put the spell on her again, Malfoy did the opposite spell again, Ginny put the spell on her again, Malfoy did the opposite spell again, Ginny put the spell on her again and Malfoy did the opposite spell again. Her bladder couldn’t keep when she started wetting herself her loud pee hitting the ground her whole seat was wet, even her big sexy ass was wet. Her panties, her pants, her hands and legs. Her pee was running down her legs and into her long socks and into her shoes. Professor Flitwick said “What happened here!” Ginny was to shy to tell him so her friend Hermione put her hand up and said “Professor, Draco Malfoy made my friend wet herself!” “Draco, 21 points off Slytherin! Don’t ever make girls wet themselves again you here me?” “Yes professor” said Malfoy. Hermione promised her that she will get revenge on Malfoy, then the class learnt Reducto and the class ended.

