Persona fanfic-Date night

Author: Bob222

*000*2024-08-18 16:24

Leblanc-9pm, december 15th

Futaba: “this is gonna be so much fun, this is the first real time we’ve slept over” Futaba said to joker, they had begun dating a couple months ago and this was the first time they were going to spend the night together.

Joker: “well, i’m glad you suggested it and Sojiro was fine with it”

Futaba continued talking about all the stuff they could do while Sojiro packed up his stuff to finish for the day. Sojiro soon left, locking the door behind him.

Futaba went upstairs while continuing to talk about the stuff they could do.

Futaba: “hey, how about we watch this hentai i saw recently, i’ve only watched about 20 minutes and its two hours total, i’m sure you’d like it” conversations about these topics were not uncommon when it came to Futaba and her interests.

Joker: “ok, sure, i’m happy to watch”

The two of them started watching it while getting comfortable with each other, they were enjoying this time together, especially after all that happened that month and the final preparations to take Shido's treasure. They wanted to simply enjoy this sweet moment.

***

40 minutes later

Futaba: “this was worth getting, this is so fun. What do you think of it?”

Joker: “it’s fun, i’m enjoying it so far”

Futaba: “this is gonna make such good masturbation material” she then goes red realising what she said “uh, fo-for later of course, i wouldn’t plan on doing it yet”

Joker: “calm down its ok, i get what you meant”

Another 20 minutes had passed when joker noticed Futaba squirming on the spot, he initially thought she was just trying to get comfortable, but then he noticed her clenching her butt and sometimes moving her hands near her crotch.

Joker: “are you ok? You’re squirming a bit”

Futaba: “huh, oh uh, yeah i’m fine, just uh, trying to get comfortable that’s all”

Another 10 minutes passed when suddenly, Futaba yelped and grabbed her crotch fast. Joker easily realised what was happening.

Joker: “do you need the bathroom?”

Futaba: “huh! What no, I swear…”

Joker: “you don’t have to hide it from me, it’s nothing to feel embarrassed about”

Futaba stood up without talking and walked downstairs to the toilet, joker waited for her to come back up only to hear a yell

Futaba: “oh god no!”

Joker panicked and ran downstairs, worrying something had happened, when he got downstairs he saw Futaba holding onto the door handle of the bathroom.

Futaba: “Joker…it’s locked…this is bad”

Joker: “ah, crap Sojiro took the only key for that door, i guess you’ll need to hold it in”

Futaba: “I CAN’T!...i’m crowning, badly”

There was silence for a moment before joker made a very out there suggestion

Joker: “you could go on the roof”

Futaba: “...what?”

Joker explained that there’s a door to the roof of leblanc, Sojiro told him to not go up there because it could be dangerous

Futaba: “huh, i wondered what that door was near the staircase, i just assumed it was a storage area…that’s besides the point i can’t do my business up there!” Joker went to reply but Futaba interrupted him by clenching further and gripping her crotch. She took a few breaths before responding “ok…fine”

Both of them headed to the roof of leblanc. Futaba had to stop mid way as the steps of the staircase caused her bowels and bladder to struggle. Once they reached the roof Futaba looked around for somewhere to do her business.

Futaba: “Are you sure this is safe, what if someone sees?”

Joker: “they won’t”

Futaba: “how can you say that for certain?”

Joker: “i, sigh, i can stand near you to hide you”

Futaba: “what!”

Joker: “it’s either that or risk being seen”

Futaba wanted to respond but realised he was right, Futaba looked around and found a spot which could work. Joker stood guard as Futaba went to pull her trousers and panties down, however, they heard a familiar voice below them

Shido: “shut up”

The two of them went quiet, it was Shido, and, he was with someone stranger: “listen man, you give the money first or you ain’t seeing the stuff”

The two started whispering to each other

Futaba: “is he, buying drugs?”

Joker: “i think so”

Futaba: “…should we report this?”

Joker thought for a moment: “no, he can just bribe the police, and then they’ll trace it back to us, keep this in mind though it might help us with his palace”

Suddenly, Futaba ran to the other side of the roof. Joker followed her worrying something was wrong

Joker: “what is it?”

Futaba: “It's coming out, right. Now.”

Before Joker could respond or look away, a jet of built up piss began flooding out of her body and onto the roof of the building. Joker was so stunned that he didn’t look away. Futaba didn’t care, the feeling of releasing her piss was so good she was just smiling in bliss. As her stream of piss began to calm down, she felt the shit that was crowning in her ass begin to fully exit. But before it came out and fell into the alleyway below them. They both heard the noise of someone running.

Shido: “get back here!”

The stranger appeared to have not gotten the money from Shido and attempted to make a getaway, with Shido following and running into the alleyway right below them.

In a panic Futaba attempted to stand up and move away, but the shock of the situation had caused her body to freak out and loosen all her muscles, and her turd fell down, hitting Shido as it went. Joker pulled Futaba from the edge before Shido could look up to see what happened

Shido: “what the, stupid fucking stray cats, Fuck! I need to clean this before anyone reports this”

Joker and Futaba waited before they knew he had left, and then began to laugh

Joker: “oh my god” he said while stifling his laughter

Futaba: “I can’t believe it, oh my god i literally shit on him. This night can’t get better”

The two continued to laugh while Futaba used some wipes to clean up. They went back into the room.

Futaba: “soooooo, wanna explain why you were staring the entire time?”

Joker blushed slightly: “hey, don’t judge me i was in shock”

Futaba: “yeah right, i’m into bathroom stuff as well ya know, you don’t need to hide it”

Joker: “oh please i know your not one to judge, besides, not like you can with the stuff your into”

The two continued laughing and flirting

Futaba: “well, i suppose i can try and make these situations happen more often”

Joker: “only if you want too, don’t go hurting yourself just for this” joker said while walking up to her “who would wanna hurt someone as cute as you” he said in a flirty tone while cupping her chin

Futaba let out a loud squeal and pulled him downstairs: “dammit you know that tone is my weakness”

She then grabbed some tissues and went back upstairs

Futaba: “just stay down there for a bit, just give me like, 10 minutes”

Joker smirked to himself, he really loved her.

*002*2024-08-19 16:00

{{11 hours ago, Newen said:

The story is fine, I personally prefer to get wet and dirty her pants. I love the characters and wish for more stories with their characters (including characters from persona 3 and 4)

Good job!

}}

Thank you! i've been getting into writing omo fics for persona girls, it's very enjoyable my only issue is that i struggle at coming up with the initial scenario

*004*2024-08-25 23:02

{{On 8/20/2024 at 5:38 AM, Newen said:

Always is the most difficult part! I will be waiting to see more about your stories and you improve in writing! ^^

}}

I'm already planning and writing up some other persona ones. but again, the issue is coming up with the base scenario

