Holly Short's Desperation

Author: Bean320

*000*2024-11-10 04:45

A/N: Hey there! This is my first post here so don't get mad if I did smth wrong (i really hope this is in the right place lol). This is gonna be a story about Captain Holly Short from the book Artemis Fowl. (It might end up involving Artemis in the fun as well later in the story...) Uh, yeah. I'ma try to update this every week or so... Y'all can have a nice short taste (that means that i'm too lazy to write anymore rn so i'm just posting what I have lmao)

Please leave any feedback you have in the comments! Enjoy!

(P.S. All characters are the property of Rick Riordan. Please don't sue me)

“D’arvit!” Holly thought. She was out on aboveground recon duty, spying on one Artemis Fowl. He didn’t seem to know she was there yet, which was exactly what was bothering her. Normally, she loved aboveground missions, but this one was different. There were two reasons for this; One was that she was stationed at the home of one of the L.E.P.’ s mortal enemies. If he hadn’t seemed to notice her yet, then he was plotting something. The second reason, which was becoming increasingly more apparent with every minute she hung around, was that she had not used the toilet in hours and was bursting for a pee.

Why is this new jumpsuit so tight? Holly could feel the waist of her L.E.P. outfit pressing against her swollen bladder, making it even harder for her to hold her pee back. C’mon Foaly, couldn’t you have thought of that when you were designing the suit?

As if on cue, Foaly’s voice came over her helmet intercom. “Hey Holly, how are you liking the new suit?”

In an attempt not to sound rude, Holly replied with “Oh, i-it’s great… It’s very comfortable…”

Foaly then added, “Yeah, and it allows me to monitor all of your health and safety things as well. For instance, right now I can tell that you have a pretty full bladder.”

Oh god, he knows… What am I gonna do? Holly decided it would be best to just admit it. Maybe the suit had some sort of fancy mobile toilet thing that Foaly hadn’t told her about…

“Uh… Yeah, I did actually drink quite a bit earlier and have been stuck here on duty ever since. Any advice? I don’t suppose you hid a secret toilet in this suit or anything?”

Foaly responded with “Unfortunately, no, my urine absorbing tech for these suits is still in development. You’re just gonna need to hold it until someone shows up to help you.”

Holly groaned inwardly. She had assumed that was the case. “Any idea how long that will be?” she asked.

“Well, the backup was gonna be on their way a few hours ago, but the flares got up so they couldn’t get to the surface. Once you factor in the time it takes for the flares to die down, and for them to get a pod, then it’s still an hour’s flight from the chute to your location. It’s gonna be at least 3 hours minimum.”

“Oh, nononono, I can’t last 3 hours!” thought Holly. To Foaly, she said “O-okay, thank you!”

As she very subtly crossed her right leg over her left, she couldn’t help but notice that the rubbing action against her privates combined with the pressure in her bladder felt strange and tingly, pleasurable even. She made sure that her helmet camera could not see, before reaching down ever so slowly to gently move her pointer finger up her crotch. She shivered with the pleasure and arousal that it brought her. She then used more of her hand to press against her crotch, rubbing it around. “I wonder if I could take my helmet off… I feel kind of warm.” She thought. “I guess i’d better not…” She continued rubbing her vulva, feeling more and more sweaty as it became harder to hold back her pee. She realized that taking her helmet off had been a good idea, as she was now rather sweaty. Wait…

“Well, look who it is! Our old friend Captain Holly Short!” said Artemis Fowl.

Then she saw Butler’s giant fist coming down above her head, and heard him say “Nighty-Night!”

Then everything went black.

