Tales from a Country Where Women Don`t Pee - Page 2

Author: BartleyZumboza

*027*2022-12-21 16:30

Hi everyone,

I've been working on writing some more stories to share about life here in Jalabhumi. Things at work have been very busy lately, so I'm sorry to say I haven't had a lot of time to write. But as always, there's plenty of material to work with on this island!

In the meantime, it looks like another Jalabhumese person has come forward with his own story. Check it out right over here:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="144029" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed8417835341" style="height:208px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/83729-more-tales-from-a-country-where-women-dont-pee/?do=embed"

Although I know this person wanted to conceal his true identity, I'm afraid I must confess, I think I know exactly who wrote this. Jalabhumi is an incredibly small country after all. It's a place where just about everyone knows everyone. If you're reading this post, your sister who went to the Maldives....I know her very well. She was a good friend of mine back in high school, she dated one of my friends, and in fact, I'm STILL in touch with her as a result of our mutual work in the hotel business. The resort she manages in the Maldives is part of the same network as my hotel - different companies, but we're always in touch.

I kind of remember your oldest sister but I found her to be a bit snobbish so we never really interacted. But your other sister is actually really awesome. One of my favorite people in Jalabhumi, even though she's not here anymore. I'm certain there are plenty of stories you've never heard about her. In fact, maybe that'll be what my next entry focuses on.

So stay tuned, folks! Next time I post, I'll take you all the way back to my high school years!

Kanu

*029*2023-01-26 16:43

I can still remember vividly the night of my high school graduation, despite how drunk and stoned I was. Memories like that, you simply don't forget. There were about seven of us gathered around a fire on the beach, four girls and three boys drinking and smoking, reminiscing about high school and childhood.

Jalabhumi is a small country where just about everyone knows everyone. And when I say small, I mean it. Our population is just slightly under 50,000, comparable to places like St. Kitts and Nevis or the Faroe Islands. Many of you probably live in cities more populous than our entire country. In larger countries like America, for example, the end of high school is special. Graduates will go off to college in new cities, make new friends, and move on with their lives. For many, the summer after graduation is one of the last times to ever spend time with the friends you've known all your life. In Jalabhumi, it's nothing like that. Since we're such a small country, most of us keep hanging out with the same crowd our whole lives.

But this summer would be different, because two of us in our tight-knit social circle were in fact leaving the country, and I was one of them. In just two months' time, I would be moving to the United States to pursue a degree in English-language literature from Boston University. Excited as I was to immerse myself in the brilliant works of Steinbeck, Vonnegut, Hemingway, Updike, Salinger, and many more of my favorite authors, I had no idea when I would be returning home and wanted to spend as much time with my friends as I possibly could.

At the time, I had a girlfriend named Suraya. I had known her all my life and dated her on and off throughout high school, but this time around, our relationship was really on its last legs. To say the very least, she was not happy at all with my decision to study on the other side of the planet, and we would ultimately break up for the final time less than a week later. We knew our relationship was doomed, but that didn't stop us from trying to enjoy each other's company for one last, bittersweet night.

But this story isn't about me and Suraya. It's about the other person that summer who had made the decision to leave Jalabhumi: my friend Kishoriya. If you’ve read her brother’s story, you know where she ended up: as a resort manager in the Maldives. But back then, it wasn’t entirely clear where she’d end up. Kisho, as we called her, had always dreamed of traveling around the globe, and had booked a one-way ticket to Japan that summer. She wasn’t just going to come back home after she was done in Japan: she wanted to see China, Russia, Europe, Africa, the Amazon, the Pyramids, the Mayan temples, Machu Picchu, Easter Island, anywhere at all. 

She had no idea where the wind would take her, or when, if ever, she’d be back home. All she knew was that adventure had called her, and she would answer that call. At that point in her life, she had already been to five different countries outside Jalabhumi, all our closest neighbors: India, the Maldives, Sri Lanka, Mauritius, and Indonesia. Very few Jalabhumese people ever leave the country, but Kisho was determined to see the world. Funnily enough, out of the five countries she traveled to in our high school years, I distinctly remember the Maldives being her least favorite.

“Dude, it’s so boring over there!” she said to us after she came back from her first trip. “It’s flat as a pancake, there are no mountains to hike, they don’t have anything nice to drink, the girls all dress like they live in fuckin’ Saudi Arabia, and the music sucks! The only thing that’s good about that dumb place is that it’s probably gonna sink into the sea in the next like 50 years. Can’t hold back that flood.”

Classic Kisho. This was the typical kind of frank, off-color quip she would make. But that’s just what makes Kisho Kisho. She’s an eccentric type. An artist. The kind of person you can’t neatly pack up and fit in a box. She’s a wonderful singer and plays several instruments. She’s the kind of person who would just do something totally random and spontaneous just for the hell of it. One time, she showed up to school wearing tiger pajamas, meowing and acting like a cat all day. I have no idea why, and she didn’t seem to know why either. She just felt like it. When I invited her to Navi and I’s wedding a few years ago, she showed up to the ceremony on stilts and wearing an obscenely long sari, making it look like her legs were 10 feet tall. No, she didn’t warn us in advance that she’d be doing this.

You never know what to expect with Kisho. And what makes her all the more strange is that she comes from a very traditional Jalabhumese family. As her brother describes in his account, she was the second-oldest of eight. I don’t remember much about her brother - after all, he was a little, little kid back in our high school years. But I do remember meeting her sisters once or twice, and they are absolutely nothing alike. Her sisters are typical Jalabhumese girls. The younger ones were always very nice to me, but their mom wasn’t, and neither was the oldest sister.

I was always under the impression that neither of them respected men very much. Regardless, the entire family was very traditional - the archetype of a Jalabhumese family. The stereotype of Karuna supporters. I suppose if Norman Rockwell paintings had a Jalabhumese equivalent, these people would be the spitting image. With the exception, of course, of Kisho. I have a feeling her parents always knew she was a weirdo and was just going to do her own thing no matter the social standards. But they did support her. I always saw her parents attending her music performances and art shows. When it comes down to it, even the most conservative, traditional Jalabhumese parents will accept their daughters for who they are, even if who they are is an eccentric weird person. As long as they keep up with one thing…

Their Niranyu. And boy oh boy, did she keep up with that.

Let me be clear: for all of Kisho’s differences from mainstream Jalabhumese culture, a jaladhara she is not. Quite the opposite, in fact - her bladder capacity is astonishing. But unlike a lot of Jalabhumese women who will judge and mock other women who don’t maintain Niranyu, Kisho never did. In fact, she always said that the women who judge jaladharas the most harshly are probably closeted jaladharas themselves. I have seen her hang out with women who are constantly peeing (by Jalabhumese standards) and not giving the proper respect to Anakketta. Sometimes, their presence makes the rest of us uncomfortable. But Kisho still keeps them around. In her words:

“Like, I get it. Pissing feels fucking amazing. But, you know what? Pissing after a long couple days of Niranyu feels so much better! Maybe if I keep them close, they’ll get it someday, y’know?”

And maybe she’s right. Jalabhumese society has a lot to learn. We can be so judgmental in this country that we reject people who have the most minor differences. Kisho is enormously different in many ways other than Niranyu - so maybe she feels solidarity with jaladharas the same way Jesus felt with all the prostitutes and lepers he hung out with.

While I don’t know much about Jesus, what I can tell you about is Kisho’s impressive bladder and her bizarre urination habits. A typical Jalabhumese woman has a highly regular, self-regulated schedule. They will let their bladders fill steadily throughout the days. Anakketta Chearccha involves emptying the bladder in its entirety, and then, the cycle continues. I have no idea how to explain what Kisho does, but one thing is for certain: just like the rest of her personality, it’s entirely unorthodox. And it also really depends on what mood she’s in…or “Mode” as she calls it.

Sometimes, she’s in what she calls “Steady” Mode - which means her bladder will always be full, but of course, needs to take off a bit of the pressure so she can keep it that way. So she does what she calls “half Chearcchas” or even “quarter Chearcchas”. She goes to the altar and pees a little bit but doesn’t completely empty her bladder. She lets out just enough for her to make it for a while longer. I’ve seen her do this for several weeks at a time, maintaining a consistently full bladder and only letting out what she needs to let out to keep it up. With this method, she pees frequently, but her bladder is always full.

Other times, she’s in “Hills and Valleys” Mode, which means she’ll get her bladder as full as she possibly can in the shortest amount of time possible and then release it all at once in a single Anakketta Chearccha. When Kisho does this, she can get her bladder to insane levels of fullness - even fuller than Navi can get. But, of course, she can’t hold it in for very long when she’s that full. Sometimes, when she puts herself in this situation, she can end up in serious emergencies. I’ve seen a lot of close calls with her, but in the end, she always makes it to an altar.

And also sometimes she just does normal Niranyu. She's truly unpredictable. But that’s just what makes Kisho Kisho. You never know what to expect. I have no idea how much of this her brother knows about her. After all, she is the black sheep of the family, and from what I gathered, she was never as close with her family as the rest of them were with each other. There's a reason she's the only one of the sisters who left the country.

The night after graduation was a big celebration for my group of friends. Back then, the beach we went to was on the far side of the island where few people live, and was rarely visited. These days, you'll see tourists and locals everywhere on that beach. My, how quickly things have changed here on this island. It was a quiet and dark night, perfect for a fire and booze. There's no legal drinking age in Jalabhumi, but we're allowed to purchase alcohol when we turn 16.

So for Jalabhumese teenagers, most of whom have very little money, the drink most of us get started with can be roughly described in English as “waterfruit wine” - fermented waterfruit juice, similar to Korean soju. Its diuretic properties are stronger than the non-alcoholic variety, it gets you nice and drunk, and it's far cheaper than most booze. So as you can imagine, there was lots of getting up and peeing amongst the boys, lots of tightly crossed legs and squirming amongst the girls. A typical Jalabhumese social gathering.

Kisho arrived well before anyone else did - another interesting characteristic of hers. She's always early for everything. When I arrived around sunset with Suraya, another boy, two other girls, and Kisho’s boyfriend Rivu, Kisho had already set up the fire pit, and she was sitting there playing music by herself. Funnily enough, the girls had all gone for Anakketta Chearccha that afternoon. Kisho was supposed to join them, but she never showed up. As soon as we saw her playing music on the beach, we all understood why.

Kisho plays a number of instruments, but her signature instrument is the jalaveena. The jalaveena's structure is similar to that of the South Indian Saraswati Veena, but it's quite a bit smaller, the bulbous body of the instrument filled with water, giving the instrument a bending, fluid sound. The jalaveena is typically only played by women. Jalabhumese ladies who play the jalaveena have a distinctive way of moving while playing the instrument. The reason it's smaller than the Indian Veena is because part of playing it is to sway it around so the movement of the water inside affects the sound.

While playing the instrument, women move in a hypnotic, swaying kind of motion, kind of like a seated version of belly dancing. The movements not only affect the sound, but are also inherently tied to the fullness of a woman's bladder as she plays the instrument. It is considered improper technique for a woman to play the jalaveena unless she is actively engaging in Niranyu. Professional jalaveena performers, as such, do not engage in Anakketta Chearccha prior to a performance. 

It may sound silly, but that's also why Jalabhumese people consider playing the jalaveena to be a feminine activity. Men who express interest in it or try to play it are often snickered at for being girly (or worse in some cases: accused of misogyny for encroaching on women's spaces), kind of like boys who wear dresses, but even worse if you can believe it. It's far more accepted for men to play instruments that the Jalabhumese consider more masculine: hollow, empty, light, and phallic-looking, like an acoustic guitar.

Kisho is an elite jalaveena player, and that’s not an exaggeration. In fact, the reason she was already so well-traveled at this young age was because she was among a small group of young women hand-selected by the Queen herself to perform for foreign audiences. Kisho was by far the youngest of the group, most of the rest being in their early to mid-twenties. In this small country, that’s a major honor. But one of the things that’s so great about her is her humility. 

She doesn’t care much for prestige or honor or all the fancy awards she's gotten over the years; she just loves making music. I knew she’d planned on making music on this particular evening, as she’d asked me to bring my guitar. Suraya and the rest of the girls figured she’d gone with her sisters for Chearccha, but the second she asked me to bring my guitar, I knew she was skipping it tonight. That meant two things - 1: a spectacular night of making music, and 2: a very full Kisho. And she’s very fun to watch when she’s that full.

“Kishoriya!” Suraya called out. “You didn’t tell us you were skipping Chearccha!”

“Oh. Yeah,” said Kisho, as if she had just been reminded of something that didn't really matter to her. “I skipped it! Now you know!”

As she plucked her jalaveena and swayed her body, we all sat down and opened up our drinks. I was holding my guitar, but I didn’t even bother playing just yet. Kisho’s jalaveena skills are so mesmerizing that it’s hard to do anything but sit back and watch her go. Traditional Jalabhumese music is Carnatic at heart, but we have no problem incorporating elements of foreign music into our traditions. In particular, at that time, I was very into American grunge rock bands like Pearl Jam and Soundgarden. Kisho was too, and so we often played together. Suraya and I were enjoying an affectionate moment as we watched Kisho play, quite rare at that point in our dying relationship.

She already needed to pee, even after doing a Chearccha just a few hours earlier. She scissored her legs a bit and shifted slightly as she laid her head on my shoulder. But pretty soon, Kisho finished the beautiful Carnatic piece she had been plucking away at. Almost instantly, she tightly grabbed her crotch and crossed her legs. She remained in this position for about 30 seconds, all the while whispering "Nope, nope, nope, come on, nope," over and over again under her breath. I've seen her do this before, usually when she's in Hills and Valleys mode. This is her style of holding on when she feels the urge to give up and release.

Needless to say, she really had to go.

Publicly displaying desperation like this would have been exceptionally embarrassing during a professional jalaveena performance. It would probably even end a jalaveenist's career. But around her friends, we were just concerned.

"Kisho, are you okay?" I asked.

She looked up at me with a strained look on her face.

"Oh…I’m…." she said, a smirk slowly growing across her face. "I’m….still alive."

I smiled, because I knew exactly where she was going next. She pulled her hands out from between her legs, brought them back to position on her jalaveena, and immediately began playing the opening riff to "Alive" by Pearl Jam. Of course, Pearl Jam being my favorite band at the time, this meant that I had to sing lead. I am by no means a spectacular singer like Kisho, but she still made me sing lead on this song every time we played it together. That’s okay, because the best part of that song is the lengthy guitar solo at the end. But when Kisho plays that piece on her jalaveena, it’s nothing short of magical. The intricate Carnatic tones combined with the iconic guitar solo, the fluid sound of the jalaveena’s water-filled body combined with the swaying motions of Kisho’s own water-filled body is impossible to look away from.

Perhaps that’s why, around the time I sang Eddie Vedder’s aggressive “yeah, uh huh”s near the end of the song, a fist suddenly collided with my face, knocking me off my seat and onto the sand. Standing above me, fuming with anger, was none other than Kisho's boyfriend, Rivu.

Stay tuned for my next post, everyone, and I'll pick up right where I left off! Thanks for all your support. See you next time.

Kanu

