Steph Stays Home Alone

Author: BlueScreen

*000*2019-08-18 06:25

Steph winced as she felt a pang in her bladder. She had drunk a full liter of soda earlier that day, and the liquid had finally made it's way through her system. She could relieve herself, but today Steph felt like she had other... needs to attend to. As she sat at the edge of her bed, she twirled a finger through her blonde hair and smiled mischievously to herself. Her parents would be out all day, so she had the whole house to herself. The liter had been intentional, of course, and she planned to see how long she hold it in. Steph just hadn't anticipated that her bladder would get so full so fast.

Standing up and looking in her dresser, she knew she only had so much time before she would be begging to use the toilet. "What should I wear today?" Steph giggled as she carefully selected a pink sleeveless top, a cute white skirt, and robin's egg blue panties. Looking in a mirror, she did a little twirl, lifting the skirt just high enough to glimpse the flash of blue. "Perfect!" Steph walked downstairs to the kitchen and grabbed a glass of water from the fridge before splaying herself across the couch haphazardly, flicking the TV on to some police drama.

The show wasn't anything special, just a typical older cop who gets assigned a new partner when a string of murders occur. It wasn't particularly interesting, but it was enough to hold Steph's interest as she let one leg stretch out and hang over the couch leg, while the other let the foot touch the floor. A comfortable enough sitting position, except it spread her legs wide, exposing her private area a little when her skirt shifted too far. It seemed that the cop show was running a no-commercial marathon today, and almost an hour later, as the third episode began to play, Steph was no longer able to keep her complete focus on the TV. Once in a while she could feel her private parts tense to keep holding her pee, while her still-filling bladder began to feel heavy with liquid.

She could probably close her legs together to help ease the pressure, but Steph spread her legs a little more, almost pushing her crotch forward. This did not make it easier to hold on. After another episode, it had been an hour and a half since she had finished her glass of water, and over three hours since the soda. Her legs were still spread wide, but Steph found herself often wiggling in place, gyrating her hips to compensate for her... open stance. Steph bit her lip. "Am I even gonna make it through these next couple episodes?" After watching the first few, the cop show had really picked up. Steph couldn't bear to miss anything, for any reason. "It can't be helped, I'll just have to hold it till the marathon ends." She glanced a little nervously at the clock. "Whenever that is."

Steph laid on the couch as she watched the opening credits for the drama for the fourth time. Sometime during the climax of the previous episode, she had unconsciously moved her hand between her legs, resting her palm on the smooth curve between her legs, lightly pressing on her skirt. Now, she could feel her bladder bursting, and she pressed both hands into the white fabric in an attempt to lessen the pressure. Suddenly, Steph felt a sharp pang in her abdomen, and a hot spurt touched her hands.

"No way." Way. All focus now between her trembling legs, she carefully removed her hands to inspect the damage. A small dark patch had appeared on her skirt. Lifting the fabric back, Steph checked her smooth blue panties: just at the edge of her crease was a single damp spot, a much darker blue than the rest of her underwear. Pushing her hands back into between her legs, skirt lifted away from harm, Steph opened and closed her legs rhythmically, trying to prevent another leak. It seemed like just knowing that she had wet herself a little had made it even more difficult to hold.

As she began to gently rub her fingers back and forth, tracing her pussy to to keep in her pee, Steph began to feel a different kind of heat build up inside of her. Now only half paying attention to the TV show, she let her fingers move a little bit faster against her, her breathing quickening a little. Steph's breathing got a little harder as she bit her lip a little more and closed her eyes. Her fingers were now rapidly rubbing her wet panties as she pushed with her hips into her hand. The heat began to build up inside her, and Steph let out a little moan of pleasure. She could feel herself getting close to the edge. If she pushed too far... "Ah.. ha.. ha.. I- I think I'm gonna..."

Suddenly, a sharp feeling in abdomen distracted her and she quickly slapped her hands back against her panties. "Ohh.." Steph had completely forgotten, in her excited state, that she still needed to relieve herself. Now that she had been stimulated, her need was even greater than before. "Oh my god. I need to pee sooo bad." As she sat and held herself tightly to keep from leaking, Steph had an idea. She was still bursting to pee, and if her plan didn't work, she would absolutely soak herself. But, this was what she had wanted in the first place. Steph used all of her strength and tensed up her lower half before carefully using one hand to pull the dark fabric of her panties to one side. With her panties out of the way, she took her finger and pressed it into her urethra as hard as she could. Abdomen pounding from the pressure of her water trying to escape, Steph let go.

For a split second, she was in bliss, and her need to pee vanished. Then her pee hole opened up and her carefully positioned finger alone held back the flood that was still inside her. Steph gasped. Having only her finger to keep her pee inside of her aching bladder meant that her urethra was wide open, her body trying to push her water out. To Steph, it felt like she was perpetually peeing, but without the release. Steph had never been so turned on in her life. Her body shook as her exposed pussy trembled with need. Immediately, Steph's other hand went to work, working her clit fast.

The warmth returned to her body as Steph thought about the relief of releasing her bladder and letting her floodgates pour open. Her finger could only do so much, and as Steph got closer and closer, she was unable to stop hot pee from leaking out in a small stream, a constant little trail running down her lips and onto the back of her skirt. The warmth against her fingers made her moan loudly. Steph could feel that she was reaching her absolute limit, but she needed a little more.

Breathing hard now, the golden stream between her legs getting fuller and starting to spray around her finger, Steph plunged her other finger deep inside of herself. "I-... fuck... I wanna cum so bad... please.. I.. ah..... ah.... ah... ah.. I'm- .. ah! I'm gon- gonna cum! I- I'm CUMMING!" Steph's mind exploded into bliss, her body shaking with pleasure. She let her other hand fall away as she continued lightly playing with herself.

There was no need to hold back anymore. The light trickle that had been leaking from her pussy before picked up speed. Steph shivered and sighed with relief as she finally released a torrent of hot pee from her quivering private parts, the golden jet spurting from her pee hole directly into her skirt, making a loud pitter patter as she peed for almost a full minute. "Ahhh.. I thought I was going to explode."

Steph smiled to herself. Later, she would clean up, but for now... She looked at the clock. There were still almost five hours before her parents got home. Steph thought about the other liter of soda she had in her fridge and let her fingers begin moving again...

###

Hi! I hope everyone enjoyed that. If you have any advice on how I can make my stories more enjoyable, please don't hesitate to let me know, I'm looking to keep writing on here and will absolutely appreciate constructive criticism so I can improve my posts! Thanks!

*005*2021-04-29 04:52

Wow! Thanks for the love guys, you caught me off-guard. It sounds like I might have to post a little more often than once every couple years lol.

