Desperate in the Backrooms on Christmas

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2022-12-25 15:06

Merry Christmas/Happy Holidays to everyone!

###

Victoria was annoyed as could be. She had looked forward to getting drunk and partying with her old high school friends while home from college on winter break, but thanks to the monster storm she was trapped here with her boring family on Christmas Eve.

The nineteen year old was grateful her parents at least let her have a glass of wine, maybe she could just get drunk and forget this whole thing?

Vicky was still dressed fairly nice, a black sweater, tight black jeans fastened with a black designer belt and red ankle boots with pointed ends. Too bad she wasn’t at a party to show off how good she looked…

As she sat in a recliner and watched her family undoing the present, Victoria could feel her bladder starting to fill. The young woman crossed her legs. The only bathroom was currently occupied by her grandfather having bowel issues.

Vicky rolled her ankle several times, spinning her foot around in front of her. The brunette tried to distract herself with her phone, but none of her friends were available to message back. She was stunned by how fast the glass of wine went through her.

This is such bullshit. Vicky sighed out loud. The pressure in her lower abdomen was increasing at a rapid pace.

“Everything okay, Vic?” Her dad asked, looking concerned. He couldn’t help but notice his daughter sitting looked depressed.

“I gotta tinkle.” The young woman replied and stood up from her chair. She made her way down the hall to the bathroom, still locked shut with her grandpa inside.

Vicky’s boots were loud as she walked up to the door. She tried the doorknob but to no avail, grandpa was still inside.

”Grandpa, I have to piddle.” Vicky said, referencing to the phrase her grandpa used to potty train her so many years ago now. She grabbed at her belt, cursing herself for wearing such tight clothes.

“Sorry Tor, grandpas busy.” A voice called back from the inside.

”Shit.” Victoria muttered. She crossed her legs and bent forward. It had been so long since she needed to go this badly.

Pushing back her straight black hair, the young woman thought up a plan. She would go piddle outside. Sure it would be awfully cold on her exposed rear but what other option did she have, pee herself?

Vicky shivered as she stepped onto the back deck. She didn’t remember feeling this cold basically ever. Her bladder didn’t appreciate the temperature either, making itself known with a sharp pang.

The woman wasted no time, struggling to undo her belt as quick as she could.

Suddenly, she was interrupted by feeling the ground give way beneath her, sending her falling to a strange new place.

Level 1225: Picturesque Christmas Forest

Victoria looked around to see herself in a cold, snowy forest. It was entirely dark except for two Christmas trees, one lit by orange lights and another lit up by green.

It was cold, but it was actually warmer than the area outside her house. Ofcourse, it was still too cold for the woman wearing just a sweater and no coat, as Vicky crossed her arms over her chest to keep from shivering.

“Hello? Is anyone there?” She cried out. “Mom? Dad? Grandpa?” No reply came. With no other option Vicky started walking, her boots crunching the snow beneath her.

Thankfully, the pressure in the woman’s bladder eased. Vicky felt her crotch to make sure she hadn’t pissed herself, but to her surprise it was completely dry.

After walking through the forest for a while, she stumbled on another lit up dry. She could swear she heard the song “Silent Night” faintly coming from the tree, but for all she knew her mind could be hallucinating.

Vicky was grateful though as it seemed to get warmer by the tree. After a few minutes of warming up she continued onwards, not wanting to go back into the cold but she was determined to find a way home.

As she continues through the forest, Victoria felt her bladder panging again. Every step seemed to hurt more than the last.

The college student prepared to yank down her jeans and squat but as she reached for her belt she heard a noise. The Christmas Tree in the distance went dark and the light caroling she had heard stopped. All around her whispers started to talk to her.

”Join us Victoria, come home Victoria.” The voices of her mom and dad came to her.

”Mom? Dad?” She cried back as fog started to descend all around. She had both hands cupped over her crotch now as her need was desperate yet again.

“Victoria, please come back.” The voice of her grandfather called out.

Wait a minute, grandpa never calls me that. Her grandfather referred to her as Tor exclusively. Quickly she deduced that these voices had to be fake.

The woman set off running to the nearest Christmas tree. The lights were off but she could still see heat coming from it. As far as she figured it was her best shot.

Vicky was hunched over the whole run with a hand holding back the reservoir inside her.

The voices continued after her. Fog was setting in all around. She turned to see a long set of Christmas string lights flailing about like a whip, although all of the lights were cracked open and shut off. The other end was in the fog, part of some unseen entity reaching out for Vicky.

”Victoria, come home honey. You can relieve yourself.” The voice of her mom called from the fog.

”You aren’t my mom!” The young woman yelled back.

Finally she reached the tree, a small circle of moonlight around it designating what she assumed was “safe”. The light sting tentacle tried to reach in but seemed to burn when it entered the circle.

Victoria, don’t you have to pee?” The voice of her dad said.

Vicky danced in place in front of the tree. Fog had completely encircled the area. Crossing and recrossing her legs, the woman could tell she was fighting a losing battle.

The brunette leaned forward and cupped her hands over her crotch. Her teeth grit tight as wave after wave of pain came over her. She wanted to squat, but she wouldn’t give whatever this thing in the fog was the satisfaction of seeing her so it.

“Please Victoria, you don’t have to pee your pants. You aren’t a little girl anymore.” The voice of her grandpa came from the fog.

”You aren’t my grandpa.” She replied, although her need was so desperate she almost wanted to let this thing take her.

“Please honey, the relief will feel so good. It must hurt so bad. Come home and finally let it go. It’ll feel so good to finally pee.”

Vicky but her lip and looked straight up as a spurt escaped into her jeans. She had a death grip on her crotch with both hands but it wasn’t enough.

Suddenly, there was a break in the fog. Her house was off in the distance! Was this a hallucination or real?

Vicky didn’t know, but she couldn’t wait any longer. She took off running as quick as she could with her full bladder.

Her boots loudly crunched and crunched as the snow moved underfoot. A strong wind was heard behind her and she realized the entity wasn’t far behind.

”Oh my god, oh my god.” Vicky was overcome with terror. She looked and realized her house was gone-it was fake!

She turned to head back to the tree but it was too late, the fog was around her. She began running but didn’t make it far. The string of broken lights cracked like a whip and wrapped tight around her left ankle, pulling her leg out from under her.

Vicky screamed as she landed belly first in the snow. Immediately the string-tentacle started pulling her back deeper into the fog.

”Help me, help!” Vicky screamed and reached out with both hands, clawing at the ground violently.

“It’s time to come home, Victoria. Join us, Victoria.” The voices were louder than ever now.

The woman’s crotch turned wetter and wetter as fear totally overtook her. She clawed at the snow, her fingers doing nothing but carving ten lines on the ground.

”Someone please, god please anyone!” Vicky desperately screamed out. The young woman kicked and flailed, but it was no use. The entity-whatever it was-had an iron grip on her ankle.

Vicky felt tears form in her eyes, certain this was the end. The last of her bladder’s contents emptied out.

It grew colder and colder and colder. All around Vicky it grew to darkness. The entity pulled her ankle harder and harder, taking her deep into the fog. She closed her eyes and prepared for the inevitable…

Suddenly, Vicky was back in the chair of her living room, her family all around. She was crying and her jeans soaked, urine running down her legs and the chair.

”Honey are you okay?” Her dad cried out and ran over.

Victoria was still panicked and screaming for a few moments, before she realized she was safe now. She was grateful to see her family.

It had all felt so real, had she dreamed it all? No matter, Victoria would never take her family on Christmas for granted again.


