Lady of the Night: Raucous Nights and Neon Lights

Author: Blackheart

*000*2020-04-19 09:49

(Okay, I am really happy with how this turned out. Let me know what you think. I intend to continue this.)

Her heels tapped against the ground in a quick, rhythmic staccato as she hurried down the street to the waiting rideshare car. Dressed in a long, stylish black coat, she was a woman on a mission. More precisely, she was late. As the door opened, the coat parted slightly as she climbed in, revealing her six-inch heels and fishnet stockings, hinting at more beneath.

“Cuttin’ it close, eh Rei?” The cabbie’s soft voice sounded amused, though not unkindly. It belonged to a petite woman with a garishly pink pixie cut and black glasses.

Rei tossed her bag across the eat and closed the door with a huff, clicking her seatbelt into place as the car pulled away from the curb. “Well, at least it’s only the second time this week.” She briefly smiled at the disorganization that was her life. Her own voice was sonorous, inviting. In another life, she would’ve been a lounge singer, enticing crowds with lilting tones and heartfelt melodies. While she pretended the idea at karaoke on the weekends, Rei’s profession had her enticing crowds in an entirely different way. She was, in the evocative words of H.L. Mencken, an ecdysiast, a dancer who in her performance sheds her clothes. In more vulgar terms – an exotic dancer, a stripper. She rather liked the word ecdysiast, though she doubted Mencken would like her coffee-colored skin.

Below the coat, she wore one of her “uniforms”, a black lace onesie that hugged her curves and barely covered them. Normally, she wore something a little more public facing, but Rei had been late enough getting out the door that it made more sense to just wear her first outfit. It was chilly as all hell though, and it made her need to pee worse – the opportunity for the toilet another casualty of her timeliness… Or lack thereof. She pressed her legs together and bounced her knees a little bit. Taking her mind off the need, Rei looked up to the driver. “So how’s the night been, Cass?”

The pink-haired girl shrugged, deep red light from the augmented-reality frames on her glasses glinting backward. “Same as it ever is in our dystopian shithole of a city. Another day, another resume rejected. At least there were fewer assholes in the cab today.” Cass – Cassandra to strangers and Rei six months ago – was a recent university graduate, trying to find work in an increasingly automated and regulated city. Rei understood the frustration. It had been almost half a century since the pandemic that changed the world, but it felt like everything in the decades that followed just made things harder and more desperate for the people left picking up the pieces. She’d almost abandoned her master’s degree in sociology. Rei still participated in open research collectives but she’d long since given up applying for research or teaching positions. At least sex work was a recession-proof industry.

Their lives made an interesting reflection of the remade city that was Seattle: Boundless technology climbing up to the sky through the tech towers wreathed in nano-cloud advertisements. Desperate poverty amongst the low-lying brick buildings of past centuries sprawled across the city. And -interspersed between the glitz and grime – the same human hungers that always fuel us: Raucous nights and neon lights, sensual sights and intoxicant delights, a panoply of debauchery driven home in the booming bass of the cyberpunk waste.

Welcome to the Bio-Age, where custom genes and gilded screens lightly cover the festering wounds of a septic world that refused to heal from the wounds of the past century.

At least… That was Rei’s take on it, as they cruised through the rainy streets to her club, Sinner’s Sanctuary. In the post-pandemic world, a beautiful marriage of nanotechnology and microbiology resulted in the proliferation of cyborg nanoviruses. These half-organic, half-metal miracle machines worked to eradicate the threat of viruses like COVID-19 – along with Ebola, malaria, and other plagues of yesteryear. They were born from the last major push of world governments in concert with transnational corporations before the economic instability crippled the power of these states. Everyone – from the most virulent anti-vaccination religious nut to the poorest brown child in Africa to the wealthiest hedge fund CEO – received an injection that made us all a little bit like Frankenstein’s monster.

A dark, brimstone red and riotous unholy purple glowed against the windshield as Cass slowed up by the side door of the Rei’s Sanctuary. The dancer held herself briefly as her legs jiggled in the seat, her tightly toned ass anticipating the waiting embrace of the club’s toilets. On the sidewalk outside, the myriad homeless sat on the streets. One halfheartedly held a sign that read, almost playfully: “Will work for Wafers!” Another, more plaintive, simply said, “Silicon, please. Anything helps.”

The nanoviruses reshaped human DNA, rebuilding our immune systems and cellular biology from scratch. The result allowed people to easily adapt to viral and bacterial infection, all but erased the risk of cancer, and helped extend our lifespans by at least 20 to 30 years. It also rebuilt our gut bacteria so that we could adapt to our new steady dietary requirement of silicon, though ready access to that nutrient – as evidenced by the throngs of malnourished people on the streets unable to afford or acquire it – had not caught up to the demand. One of them, a younger woman, was openly gushing urine into the street, her thighs visible in the headlights of the car. Rei groaned in sympathy as a squirt of pee dampened her panties.

The dancer grabbed her duffel bag and hurriedly stepped out of the car, wishing Cass a safe night. Rain drizzled on her jacket, and the flash of cold did nothing to help her situation. Though she was only half a block from Sinner’s Sanctuary, making her way past the people was an agonizing slow process. The milling horde of nightlife denizens – club goers, washouts, office zombies, and so on – meandered down the sidewalk, oblivious to her growing need to piss. The Sanctuary itself rested on the second floor of an older, remodeled brick building. Below it, the popular nightclub Dante’s drew a regular crowd that fed into the strip club. Normally she would’ve been thrilled at the packed Thursday night crowd, but at the moment they represented nothing more than barriers to her goal. Her heels tapped frantically against the pavement as she made her way to the foyer.

The bouncer, a husky brute by the name of Daj, nodded at her as she slipped by the crowds, gently clearing the doorway with a wide swing of his arm. The building’s hallway was relatively quiet, being off limits to non-staff of the clubs, and she buzzed the elevator. In her first break of luck for the night, the doors immediately opened and she scrambled inside. The outside world closed with the metal doors, leaving her to the silence, the elevator’s muzak, and the tapping of her foot. She dropped her bag and immediately started undoing the buttons of her coat to grab herself.

Tap. Tap. Squeeeeze. The elevator was notoriously slow, even on the best of days. Like most things in Seattle these days, it looked pretty on the outside and hid decay and degradation just beneath the veneer. As the lift glacially rose, she took a brief moment to ensure she looked on point. Desperate as she was, she was also about to be on the clock – with all eyes on her.

She did look good. In the dim gold lights of the red-accented elevator, Rei’s flawless, coffee-colored skin glowed in the mirrored walls. Her native heritage gave her angular, severe features, softened by her black mother’s warmth and curves. Rei wore shiny black patent leather heels that melded into her fishnet leggings, leading up her muscular legs to the black lace leotard that cupped her body. Glittering violet makeup lent her an imposing countenance – but no maquillage could hide the mirth and mystery held in her eyes. She almost got lost in the feelings and thoughts roiling through the event horizon of her irises when the elevator shuddered to a stop on the second floor. Her pee surged against the walls of her bladder almost, making her grab herself to keep from losing control, and a soft ding signaled the opening of the doors and the return of low lights, bassy music, exposed flesh, and the Sinner’s Sanctuary.

“Hex! There you are!” The voice came from the club’s night manager, Joe. His graying, balding head held a sheen of sweat from the night’s various stresses. “Gimme your bag, yer on stage, now!”

“But I just got –“

“No buts! We’re down two girls and you spent your prep time bein’ late” He thrust his hand out and practically ripped Rei’s bag from her hands. Well…Not Rei right now. Here, in the club, she was Hex, known for putting a spell or two on the men who patronized the club.

Damn, she thought, I’ve gotta piss so bad. Joe practically yanked her toward the stage, waving to the DJ, who started fading in a grinding, slow song. It was one of her favorites and – under any other circumstances – her mind would have clicked into gear. Right now, though, her bladder strained against the tight leotard, and the glow on her skin was more sweat than perfection. Nonetheless, she was on.

This early in the night, it was still fairly dead. However, waiting for her at the rack was one of her regulars – Wright. With brown hair just beginning to turn silver, Wright was an academic-turned-techie, directing the programming guidelines of automated cars. Hex had spent months building a working relationship with Wright, and she did not want to fuck it up by humiliating herself in front of him.

The song began its slow build, beckoning her forth. The stage was empty save for Wright, his eyes drinking her in like a man dying of thirst. Joe was watching her too – but his eyes only saw the dollar signs her body made for the club. She took a step. Then another, and bit by bit she made her way to the pole, spraying it and wiping it down. Wright sat there, still as stone, his eyes burning holes into her. Normally she loved his look – loved the intensity behind those eyes and the intelligence it fed into. But right now… It just made her want to crawl into a hole and hide.

She planted her feet, bending over slowly at her waist as she’d done a thousand times before. Her thighs flexed with the effort of holding back her the flood in her bladder, the crevice between her ass leading to the pinpoint of pressure that held her secrets and her willpower.

Do not pee. Do NOT piss yourself.

Mind over matter. She could do this. She didn’t say anything to Wright – she didn’t need to. Their initial greeting was always silence and hungry eyes. He reached into his jacket and pulled two tens out, sliding them onto the glossy wooden floor of the stage. Their impassive government faces stared up at her body, acknowledging her physicality and presence. Their tacit message: Good evening.

And then the bass dropped, and her mind blanked as muscle memory and mastery took over. A twist and a swing, a crescendo and a drop. The music commanded and her body obeyed. Her arms splayed her glossy manicure as she climbed the pole. Slid down it, vulva peeking out from the edges of her leotard’s gusset. A squirt escaped her muscles, the urine wetting the insides of her thighs. She slammed her legs together, barely making it look fluid, desperately trying to hold on. Wright, oblivious, put another ten on the stage.

It was getting bad. As the music began to move toward her second song, another, longer squirt escaped her urethra. This time, droplets splattered the stage, glinting in the light. FUCK, she screamed in her head. Then a break, a pause as the music grooved into the second song. Vibrating with the effort of holding, she couldn’t help but grab herself. She couldn’t even pass it off as getting her outfit undone. She was truly at her limit. Thinking quickly, she slid to the floor, splaying her legs out toward Wright.

He put down a twenty, and made a slight motion with his hands, crooking a finger towards him, beckoning her like snake charmer. The look in his eyes brooked no disagreement. She slid her ass toward him, legs dangling over the edge of the stage, and slid her hair and head into his neck, purring slightly as she tried to sell sex with her tortured body.

“Are you okay?” It was a compassionate whisper, but it shocked her nonetheless, causing her vulva to release another second-long gush. Pee dampened the edge of the stage, dripping off.

He knew.

“I…I’m sorry.” She managed to croak out. Her hair dangled across his face. She smelled like dusk in summer.

“For what?” He was the perfect gentleman, one hand on his drink and the other at his side. No touching on stage.

“I really…Really have to pee.” Despite her desperate she found herself intoxicated by the closeness and intimacy of the encounter. For her, stripping was a job – but one she liked. She liked the sensuality. She liked the sexuality. She liked the closeness between her and her customers. And she really liked Wright. Outside of the club, she definitely would’ve tried to take him down. Inside, she loved the respect he gave her and her boundaries. He was more than into her… But he never pushed. Like an open doorway, he merely invited her in. And she entered, step-by-step. “I’m seriously about to piss myself on stage right now.”

His eyes bore into her, staring into her soul. What was he thinking? Was he judging me?

He pressed his head into her nuzzling body, and whispered: “If you can’t hold it, sit on my lap.”

Another shock. Another second-long gush. Liquid pushed at the edges of her leotard, immediately soaking up and dripping down her inner thigh. She inched her ass closer to the edge of the stage, the light hiding her impending accident. “What?”

“It’s dark under the rack. You can pee straddling me.”

She couldn’t believe what she was hearing, but she was too desperate to care. Pee was beginning to creep out freely. Her exhausted bladder was giving in, and Hex only had moments to spare. With a sigh, she slid off the stage onto his lap, the club’s lights showcasing her dark skin and glittering eyes.

Pee immediately poured out of her, flooding her leotard and hissing against the fabric, audible to her and Wright even above the beat of the music. Barely giving a pretense of a show, she ground herself against him as relief enveloped her. She could feel the hot gold soaking his black slacks. The friction felt good.

Really good. Almost against her will, she grabbed the stage, pushing her pelvis against his lap as piss poured out of her – through her fishnets and onesie. The wetness pressed against her clit and, combined with the sweetness of relief, produced an intense rush of pleasure. She rode him as she peed, pressing against his… She realized he was as hard as a rock, his cock pressing into his slacks. Yet still he sat almost perfectly motionless, staring at her. Into her. His eyes smoldered with heat.

Her fountain lasted for what seemed like forever – though it could only have been thirty seconds. Toward the end, it seemed like something in his eyes snapped, and – every so slightly – he moved his hips against hers. His hands remained away. For all intents and purposes, it looked like a strip club’s exchange always did. But as they moved together that break in sanity in his eyes traveled to her vulva and rang through her body like a bell. The orgasm shook her to her core, and she was ever so thankful for the ear-splitting decibels of the club’s sound system. The moment seemed to last forever. She wouldn’t have been mad.

Then the song began to wind down, and reality started to set back in. The rapidly cooling wetness coated her legs. But her accident, at least for this moment, had gone unnoticed. But she would need to move, and anxiety about the next moment flashed across her eyes. He saw it, and merely smiled slightly.

“Get up slowly,” he whispered. She did, and as she began to swing her leg over she somehow caught something – and then ice cold liquid coated them both.

“Damnit!” Wright exclaimed, as his drink glass bounced away on the carpet floor. His vodka and tonic coated them both, splashing the stage slightly. “Aw, hell!”

The commotion briefly attracted the attention of the nearby bouncer. But when he looked, all he saw was a clumsy dancer knocking over a customer’s drink. She apologized to Wright profusely, promising to buy him another drink. The theater worked perfectly, and as the song ended no one had figured out why a 12 ounce drink produced more than a liter of liquid. She collected his tips while he stood up, futilely trying to wipe away the liquid.

As she reached the edge of the stage, she looked back, catching his eye, and mouthed, “Thank you.” To him. She took a moment to collect herself in the dressing room, changing her outfit, before heading back out to properly thank him.

Yet he was gone. Joe handed her a business card from the club with Wright’s number on it and a message. It said:

Good for one free “drink” at a time and place of my choosing. See you next time, lady of the night.

