Girls Night Out

Author: bobwells55

*000*2019-10-09 01:11

A few months ago, on a Friday night, I was taking it easy because I had to work in the morning. So my girlfriend Maddie asked me if I minded DDing for her and her friends. Dropping them off at the bar and then picking them up. Of course, I told her I would. Now, I did this for two reasons. One, because I love her and two, because she had very very attractive friends. They arrived at our house. Maddie told them they could sleep here and drive home in the morning. Now, we had gone out plenty of times together. I had DD’d for them plenty of times. Nothing out of the ordinary ever happened, but as I would soon find out, tonight was not to be a night for the ordinary.

The girls all arrived at our place. 5 of them in all, including Maddie. There was Caitlyn, a 25 year old teacher, engaged to a very lucky man. She was a blonde, and gorgeous. She had D cups and a tight body. Caitlyn was wearing a pair of light jeans and a white shirt that showed off her chest. She could have been a Playboy Bunny with her looks. There was Brittney, another blonde, she was 24, worked at the local DMV. She was single and had a perfect ass she was wearing heals and a pair of sexy white capris.

Next was Adriana who was 23. A taller brunette from a rich family. She had the biggest boobs of all the girls, working in sales at her dads successful electronic supplies and repairs company. She was wearing flats, a pair of tight light blue jeans and a white strapless top, I also noticed she had on a pink G string. Finally there was Malyssa, a 25 year old red head, she was a cutie. She worked as a nurse. She was married and had a little daughter. She was wearing a red romper and sexy high heels. For what it’s worth, Maddie, my girl, is a brunette who was 26. Maddie had C cups and an ass that I loved. Big, but not too big, and tan skin. She also worked as a nurse.

I dropped them off and a little before bar close, they call me for a ride. The drive from the bar to our house is about 25 minutes. I arrived and they all climbed in, including a 6th girl, Gaby, one of Maddie’s work friends.

“Gaby needs a ride. She’s going to sleep at the house” she told me.

“Uh ok” I responded. I was running out of room in the car but Maddie is the boss. I didn’t know much about Gaby besides that she was a nurse and she was hot. Of Asian complexion too. She was wearing a sexy skirt. I caught a glimpse of her yellow panties as she climbed in the car. We made small talk for a few minutes. Then Adriana spoke up.

“I spent the entire end of the night flirting with that guy. I got his number but oh my god I have to piss like crazy”

“Me too” Caitlyn said, emphasizing that her hands were placed tightly on her crotch for that reason.

“I only peed once all night because of this stupid romper” she said “now I’m paying the price”

“Yeah babe hurry up or I’m gonna wet the car” Maddie said

“Does everyone have to go?” I asked

Pretty much, they all concurred. “With my small ass bladder I always have to pee” Gaby announced

“Well I will do my best ladies” I assured

About 10 minutes later, we were almost home. “Oh my gosh” Caitlyn said “my eyes are watering”

“I pissed the bed the night of Malyssa’s wedding” Adriana said “I had a guy with me too. That sucked”

“I peed my pants like a month ago at my sister in laws bachelorette party” Caitlyn said “this is worse”

“I did at work like less than a year ago, remember that Gab?” Said Maddie. “This one had to bring me new pants like I was a kid at school” she said, referring to me and laughing

“None of you have had kids. Wait until your 6 months pregnant. I peed myself weekly” Malyssa said

“We need to stop talking about it because I’m barely holding on” Brittney announced to the group.

“Almost home” I told them. But then, I saw the unmistakable light of a police car.

“Oh fuck” said Brittney.

The officer approached my car “Good evening sir. Can I just see your license?” I complied. “We have been getting complaints of speed and possibly intoxicated drivers on this road tonight. Just making sure this car had a sober driver”

“Yep” I said “this is my girlfriend. I was told I was to be the DD tonight for their girls night” I said lightheartedly

“I’ve been married 23 years, sir. Trust me I know how it goes” he laughed back. “Well thank you for your cooperation and for having a sober driver. I’m sorry for the inconvenience, I hope you all have a wonderful night”

As I pulled away, I looked it the rear view mirror.

“How is everyone doing” I asked

“That was really scary” Brittney said, almost in tears. “Like too scary” she said as she removed her hands to reveal the large wet spot on her crotch

“Oh my goodness you did not” Maddie said as she began to laugh hysterically. I knew what was next. “I’m peeing!” She said in between laughs as she grabbed my arm “I can’t stop! I’m peeing. I’m peeing!” She said, through a fit of laughter.

“I’m going too” announced Adriana. “No way I was making it anyways. I didn’t want to feel left out.”

Meanwhile, I could see Caitlyn’s eyes literally watering.

“I dribbled a little while laughing” Malyssa said

“Please hurry” begged Caitlyn as she leaned up to rest her head on my shoulder seductively

“If I move my hands I’m literally going to wet myself” Gaby proclaimed.

We pulled in the driveway and the girls got out. Maddie, Adriana, and Brittney, all sporting dark wet patches around their crotches, down their legs, and up around their butts, by this point, laughing about it. Gaby jumped out and threw her panties down and unleashed her pent up urine right in the driveway “ahhhh thank god im wearing a skirt” she said as I starred at the piss shooting out of her perfect, bald vagina. I then felt an elbow

“You can put your tongue back in your mouth” Maddie said

I turned to see Caitlyn standing on the porch, frozen with her legs spread as a dark streak expanded down both her pant legs. “Ohhh fuck” she said almost in tears

“Hurry up and unlock it!” Malyssa yelled “or I’ll be next”. I unlocked the door and Malyssa bolted upstairs. I could hear her sigh with relief as she reached the bathroom. Behind me, the 4 wet girls and Gaby, waddled in. Maddie walking gingerly, Caitlyn with her legs spread wide, and Brittney, normally like she’d done it all before. Then Adriana came walking in, pants and panties in hand, bottomless and fully exposed.

“Whatever you’ve all seen me naked before anyways” she said.

“Not me” I reminded her.

“Well now you have!” She said with a smile as I gazed at her nice ass and hairless pussy.

“That’s a good idea actually” Maddie said “I don’t want to track piss through the house. Take your pants off. I’ll go up and get us some shorts.” Maddie said, peeling off her wet pants and her soaked white thong. Revealing her tan legs, smooth, bald pussy and the ass of a goddess. Next I saw Caitlyn shamelessly undress, and she was a sight to see. Her smooth shaved vag, glistening with the wetness of the puss she had just unleashed in her pants. She had been wearing a purple thong. Soon, I was amazed, as if I was in a dream as Brittney, Adriana, Caitlyn and Gaby stood before me, bottoms completely exposed. 4 hairless, bald vaginas, wet with piss, standing in my house.

I grabbed a hamper. “Here you go ladies. Throw everything in here, Mad will put them in the dryer” I told them

Caitlyn walked up shyly and kissed me on the cheek. “Thanks for your help and for not being mad” she said. Adriana kisses me on the lips “yeah we appreciate it”

“I feel bad that i pissed myself in your car so, here you go” Brittney said, lifting her shirt to show me her tits.

“I’m just glad it wasn’t me this time” Stated Gaby. Standing there holding her yellow thong in hand.

End Chapter one

