In School Hold

Author: Bladder_Queen

*000*2018-08-30 18:16

I sit with my legs tightly crossed one another during what appears to be the longest class I’ve ever had to endure. I vibrate one of my legs against my desk to shake back any urge I have to release the waterfall I’m holding back. Drinking a gallon of water certainly sounds great until you are held hostage in a classroom.

I tap my pencil on my paper and glance around the room, looking for anything to distract myself. The inspirational poster on the wall of a overflowing waterfall that says “Always push forward” is no help and neither was the girl in front of me who insists on swirling her iced coffee around and around… sloshing like an open ocean… just flowing freely.. The same way my bladder would be.. NO! I can’t think about that right now. My eyes dart out the window and I stare at a single pine tree, focusing on the individual branches, the spine of the tree, and the small animals that scurry up and down the trunk.

I squeeze my legs together just a little more and take a deep breath in. I bring my focus back to the lecture and begin jotting down the notes my professor displayed on the projector. That’s when I noticed that my urges weren’t going undetected. The boy sitting across from me is staring at my shaking legs. I pretend I don’t see him, but he continues to stare. He has these big brown eyes that are just magnetic and pull my attention right at his gaze. I look right into them, and he looks right into mine. My bladder tightens up and he can tell. He smirks at me and turns away.

I blush wildly and look back up at the professor. That has to be the last interaction, no one just stares at a girl who is about to burst. But out of the corner of my eye, I see him look back up at me and grab a water bottle out of his bag. He places it down on his desk and knocks it over, spilling a few drops on the carpet. I wince at the splash and look back up to him. He smiles and mouths “Oops” to me. I roll my eyes and turn away.

My bladder really is getting pushed to its limits, so I slip my hand between my legs and push down. The boy, once again, looks back at me. I try really hard not to look back, but I notice that he does the same thing. He puts his hand between his thighs…

I can’t shake off the curiosity he leaves me with, I have to know what he’s doing. Slowly, I look down and see he is rubbing himself and staring between my legs. I shake with anticipation to run to the restroom after class but I can tell that isn’t what he wants. He bites his lower lip and continues to stroke his member.

I get hot and flustered at the sight. My cheeks turn bright red at the fact this handsome boy is touching himself to none other than me. He’s getting off on me having to pee this badly? I need to make him mine. I put my hand down by my knee to get his attention and move it up to my eyes.

“Do you want to watch?” I mouth while I stroke the inside of my thigh. His jaw drops and he nods wildly. I point two fingers to my eyes and then point them back up at the board in a teasing manner and whisper “You better pay attention.” He rolls his eyes and points his whole body back at the front of the classroom.

After class, he leans across the aisle onto my desk and whispers “How are you feeling right now?”

“Ready to burst.. Follow me” I shove my notebook into my bag and lead him out the door and down the stairs to the building’s basement.

The women’s bathroom is one of the most secluded and unknown rooms in school. It’s tucked into the far corner of the north center building. It may look like a peak into the Stanford prison experiment, but it’s my secret. I just happened to pass it while I got lost on my way to class, but every time I go down an revisit, it’s abandoned and empty, easily my go to spot for when I have a bursting bladder. I’ve had fantasies of bringing a boy down here to play with me, and I’m so very lucky to finally be given the opportunity.

We finally reach my secret hideout and he looks skeptical at the women’s sign, but I explain that no one is gonna find us.We both leave our bags outside the door. I take his hand and pull him into the little room, the only light coming from the little window near the ceiling.

I twirl my body so my back is against the wall, shaking with anticipation of releasing my gates. He puts his hand against my enlarged bladder and smiles, pecking my lips and pulling my waist against his. He kisses me softly, playing around with my tongue, biting down and sucking on my lips. He holds me closer and I feel my bladder throbbing against his leg.

“You better hold it, little lady.” He bites his bottom lip and cups his hand between my hips and applies pressure to my bladder. I squirm back and shake against the wall, crossing my legs over his hands.

“Hold it?” I gulp. No way can I hold it any longer, but he persists and pushes me farther from the toilet. I let out a small moan from the rush I feel. I tilt my head back and he kisses down my neck, across my collarbone, down between my breasts. With a breast in one hand and my pulsing bladder in the other, he sucks on my neck. I moan as he pushes his tongue between his lips. I’m in complete ecstasy as he traces my neck with his tongue, I let out moans and whimpers. He squeezes my breast with every whine I let out. He’s holding onto me and playing with my bladder.

I reach down and feel his bulge through his pants, grasping his cock and stroking the length of it. His eyes roll to the back of his head and the grip he has against me loosens. I slowly get onto my knees and unzip his pants. The moment I squat down, a small release of pressure goes through my bladder, like I’m about to drip just a little, so I tighten my thighs together and look back up at him. I rub up and down through his underwear and he takes a step back against the wall underneath the window. I tug down his briefs to his ankles and drag my tongue up from his balls to the tip of his penis. He lets out a shaky moan and places his hand on the back of my head. I rock back and forth on my knees while I suck on his throbbing cock. He presses up against the wall and lets out a low moan. He lets out a gasping “fuck” and “oh shit” as I taste every part of his cock. My hips begin to convulse so I grab myself and push down against my bladder.

“No cheating!” He grabs both my hands and holds them above my head in a lock. I squeeze my eyes shut and continue bobbing my head up and down. I squeeze everything in me to hold back the tension between my legs and persist pleasing him with my tongue. His cock lengthens in my mouth and I suck on it passionately. He pushes his hips back and forth down my throat, gagging me. I feel every vein against my tongue and suck on every inch, pushing it further and further down my throat.

I crave his cock more than the sweet release of my bladder. Tears stream over the sides of my cheeks as pull up for seconds just to gasp for air. He pulls me up and down, allowing me only seconds to breathe before he lets me go back down again. I convulse in absolute agony, my flow strengthens and pushes even harder. I want to continue to please him, but I still have an overwhelming tension between my legs. No matter where I rock or shake, my bladder is about to blowout. There’s nothing to distract me at this point.

“Please, I have to go now!” I look up to him and beg. He pulls the back of my hair and wipes my cheeks.

“How close are you to wetting yourself?”

“Seconds away!” I whimper and bring my hands back down, grasping at my crotch and squirming my hips around.

“Then let me see your tsunami!” He takes a step back and smiles.

I push myself by my legs and get against the opposite wall of him. I urgently tear my leggings off and pull down my panties. I turn around and squat with my face pressed up against the wall. Within seconds my bladder is exploding with the force of a fire hose. as It gushes down and puddles all around my feet. He rubs himself as I expose my wild flood. I hear him moaning and shaking while my Niagra Falls continues to spill out at his feet.. Minutes go by before my bladder is finally empty and I’m sighing with relief.

I take a few deep breaths before I turn around and he is covered in cum. I giggle and sit down in my puddle of pee, realizing all of my clothes were soaked during the flood.

“Enjoy yourself?” I say with a little smirk. He falls back against the wall and takes a deep breath.

“You are amazing…” he lets out with a moan. I stand up and dry myself off with some toilet paper. I wring out my panties and leggings and head to the door.

“See you soon,” I blow him a kiss and grab my bag. Time to find my way back to my dorm without being noticed.

*006*2018-09-02 03:23

{{

On 8/31/2018 at 8:31 AM, KittenShiloh said:

This went from classic holding through class to something I definitely wasn't expecting. Absolutely loved it. Will there be more or is this just a one off?

}}

I'm working on another story! It won't be school related, but definitely holding and bursting I'm very glad you liked it!

*007*2018-09-02 03:23

{{

On 8/31/2018 at 4:11 PM, Yellow⚤Rain said:

This is probably the most arousing thing I've read in a while. Fantastic work.

}}

Thank you so much! I'm gad you liked it!

*008*2018-09-02 03:24

{{

On 8/31/2018 at 5:40 PM, Alex Oxford said:

DAYUM

}}

THANK YOU

*014*2018-10-31 13:52

{{

5 hours ago, littlebird said:

That was awesome!! i’d love to see more!

}}

Thank you so much!

*016*2018-11-01 18:29

{{

3 hours ago, randomkath said:

The second half went in a different direction than I was expecting, and I totally love it!

}}

Thank you so much :3

