The Princess' Timeout - A Fire Emblem: Fates Fiction

Author: balthazor

*000*2018-06-10 06:15

Spoilers for Fire Emblem Fates: Revelation

Yo, so this one takes place in Revelation around chapter 18, after Xander and Ryoma join forces, that's really the only spoiler. As usual, any criticism is welcome.

Princess Hinoka was confused. She had suddenly received a letter from her older brother, Ryoma, asking her to meet with him. This wasn't the strange part of course, it was normal for The two to meet for various things. No, the strange part was the location. Ryoma had asked her to meet him at the camp's prison.

She didn't understand what this could possibly mean. The only possible explanation she could think of was to help with some form of interrogation, but even that theory had its flaws as Ryoma's retainers would be far more suited for that job.

Well, there's nothing I can do but go and see what he wants.

Upon reaching the prison, Hinoka saw her brother standing at the front door.

"Hey Ryoma, what did you need me for?"

"Ah, Hinoka, You've made it just in time. Please follow me, I have something I need to show you."

Ryoma then stepped into the prison and gestured for Hinoka to follow. The pair walked past many empty cells, after all, since joining with the Nohrians, the army had only been fighting strange phantoms, so the jail wasn't seeing much use anymore. It was then when they reached their destination: a cell containing the Nohrian princess, Camilla.

Hinoka gasped and turned to her brother, but she didn't manage to ask a single question before Ryoma quickly swung the cell door open and pushed Hinoka inside. After landing on her butt, Hinoka looked up to see the cell door slam shut, locking her in with the purple-haired princess.

"Brother! What are you doing?!" Hinoka yelled, but Ryoma remained stone-faced.

She turned to Camilla searching for answers, but Camilla simply shrugged.

"They haven't told me anything." She said, answering Hinoka's gaze.

"Wait... they?" Hinoka looked up to see that suddenly the Nohrian prince, Xander had joined Ryoma's side.

"Hinoka, Camilla, we apologize, but these are Lady Corrin's orders" Xander said, not at all apologetically.

"Corrin feels that we cannot function as an army if our royal families do not get along, and apparently, you two are having some issues." Ryoma continued for him.

"Camilla, I've heard that you've been spreading nasty rumors about Princess Hinoka." Xander said, calling his sister out.

"You Nohrian scum!" Hinoka screamed "So you're the one that's been telling everyone that I..." Hinoka stopped herself and her face went red when she realized what she was about to say.

About two weeks ago, Hinoka had been strolling down the market place when she suddenly felt like all the shopper's eyes were on her. She then began seeing people whispering to each other and snickering, but Hinoka was a resilient girl, so she just decided to ignore it and move on, that was until a little girl ran up to her and tapped her on the leg.

"What is it?" Hinoka asked gently.

"Don't worry Ms. Hinoka, I understand how you feel!" The girl said with the biggest smile on her face.

"What do you mean?" Hinoka confusedly replied.

"Sometimes I still wet the bed too!" the girl exclaimed gleefully.

Ever since that day, people had been making passing references to Hinoka's supposed bedwetting problem, and she had never learned the source until now.

"I can't believe you!" She yelled at Camilla.

"Hinoka!" Ryoma suddenly yelled. "Don't act like you're at all innocent. We found out about how you payed Rhajat for that little hex."

Hinoka gulped.

But Rhajat had promised no one would find out about that, unless... oh Gods, Corrin asked! Of course, Corrin is Rhajat's only weakness!

"Xander, what is he talking about?" Camilla asked.

"Well... um... we found out that at last week's party Hinoka payed Rhajat to cast a... uh... laxative spell on you." Xander awkwardly answered.

"Wait, what?!" Camilla gasped. "I was in the bathroom the whole party because of that!"

"So because of how childish you two are, Corrin's asked us to lock you in here until you make up." Xander continued.

"And we do mean that you're not leaving until you make up. That means no meals, no visitors, and no breaks." Ryoma commanded. "We'll check on you every hour, so good luck."

The pair of princes then turned around and began walking toward the exit, leaving Hinoka locked in a room with the person she currently hated the most.

Hours quickly passed and the two hadn't even gotten close to making up. Hinoka sat at one corner of the cell while Camilla sat at the opposite corner. The two were continuously hurling insults at each other, however, Camilla was no longer Hinoka's biggest problem. She needed to pee badly, and the prison's cells lacked toilets.

She was locked in the prison at around lunchtime and the sun had since gone down, so it was no surprise that her need had surfaced. Her bladder was constantly sending sharp pains, desperately signaling for release. The red headed princess wanted nothing more than to curl up in a ball on the floor and jam her hand into her crotch, but she'd rather die than let Camilla see her in such a sorry state. However, she began subconsciously rubbing her thighs together, a sign Camilla quickly picked up on.

"Aww, does the cute widdle princess need to pee?" She taunted.

Hinoka's eyes went wide and her face reddened.

"I have no idea what you're talking about." She said unconvincingly as she turned her head toward the ground.

Camilla regretted her taunt just a little bit, as she wasn't fairing much better than her Hoshidan counterpart. Camilla's bladder was nearing full capacity, and she wasn't sure how she was going to make it in time.

However, since her bladder was smaller, Hinoka's struggle was that much worse. Her bladder pains were growing steadily and she had broken out into a sweat. Suddenly, Hinoka felt a spurt escape into her panties.

"Ooooooooooh.... please..." She groaned as she quickly pushed her hands into her crisis area.

"Oh, are you losing it already?" Camilla continued her taunts, "I know I said you wet the bed, but I didn't know you also do it consciously."

"Shut...up..." Hinoka managed to get out through her ragged breaths.

Suddenly Hinoka gasped and pushed her hands into her crotch with excessive force.

"NO... NONONONONO... NOT HERE..... AHHH....."

"Wait, are you really..." Camilla began to ask before she saw it.

A puddle was quickly growing around Hinoka. It began as a quiet hissing sound and quickly grew into a fierce torrent as a circle of urine quickly grew around Hinoka's butt causing her red skirt to become a dark red, and her white panties to become transparent.

"Wow, I always knew you Hoshidans..." Camilla began but something quickly stopped her.

After Hinoka's stream died down, Camilla heard a noise she didn't expect. Hinoka was crying.

It was strange, Camilla should have been overjoyed to see her rival disgracing herself like this, but for some reason she couldn't bring herself to be happy about this.

"*sniff* What's wrong?" Hinoka asked through her tears "Go ahead *sniff*, laugh! It's funny, the great princess Hinoka peed herself!"

"Hinoka..." Camilla said gently

"No! I don't need your comfort! I'm a failure... first I wasn't strong enough to protect Corrin, now I'm not even strong enough to keep my pants dry... I don't deserve to be a princess."

Those words struck Camilla. She was finally reminded of why she felt sad seeing Hinoka cry. It was because, in that moment, Hinoka reminded her of Corrin.

Once, many years before, when Camilla was still a small child, she and Corrin had gotten themselves locked in a storage room. They had been stuck for a couple hours when Corrin's bladder got the best of her, leaving the young girl in a puddle. She then began to cry.

"Aww Corrin, don't worry, everyone has an accident every once in a while." Camilla attempted to comfort her sister.

"No! Big girls aren't supposed to wet themselves!" Corrin cried "Especially not royal ones...I don't deserve to be a princess."

That memory hit Camilla hard. It was the moment she taught Corrin to be confident with herself.

So all I have to do is what I did back then... well... here goes nothing.

Camilla stood up and relaxed.

"Princess Camilla!?" Hinoka screamed in shock.

Camilla's panties grew dark, and since they weren't very thick, the urine simply poured in a singular stream straight down, creating a puddle on the floor below. In order to make it look worse for Hinoka's sake, Camilla closed her legs, letting the piss flow down her thighs and legs into her shoes.

"AHHHHHH" Camilla moaned in relief as her bladder emptied and the stream began to die down.

Hinoka was just left speechless, staring with her mouth gaping open.

"See? Everyone has accidents Hinoka... even princesses." Camilla said as she sat down in her own puddle.

"Camilla..." Hinoka said as she wiped her tears from her face.

"You know, whenever Corrin felt scared when we were young, I would play a little game with her. We'd spin a bottle and whoever it landed on had to share a secret. Although, I guess we don't really have a bottle..."

"It's fine" Hinoka said "I've been meaning to tell you something anyways." She took a quick second to prepare herself and then began "You know that rumor you've been spreading about me... umm... wetting the bed?"

"Yeah?"

"Well, people spread nasty rumors about me all the time. I'm sure that every royal faces gossip."

"You're right, just last week I heard a rumor that I'm secretly in a relationship with my brothers. False rumors are just something you have to learn how to deal with as royalty."

"Yeah well, usually I'm really good about just ignoring those things... but the reason yours got under my skin so much is...... it's not exactly false."

It took Camilla a second to realize what Hinoka had just said.

"Wait, so you really pee the bed!?"

"Shhhhhh! Not so loud! And it's not like I do it every night, It's just that... every once in a while I'll have this dream of the night Corrin was taken from us..."

"Oh Hinoka..."

"And whenever I have this dream... I... uh... y'know..."

Camilla began to snicker.

"Hey, it's not funny!"

"No, no, you're right. It's just that you're being so awkward about it that I can't help myself." Camilla said through her laughter. "I mean, who cares if you pee in your sheets every once in a while? Get ready, because my secret is going to blow you out of the water!"

"Oh yeah? Hit me!" Hinoka said, joy returning to her face.

"Ryoma, it's been another hour." Xander said, shaking the Hoshidan prince awake.

"Ugh, I don't think this is going to work anytime soon" Ryoma groaned. "I mean, this is our eighth time checking."

"I know, and I agree, but I've asked and Corrin won't put an end to this until they like each other."

"I guess all we can do is persevere." Ryoma said as the pair stepped into the jail, fully prepared to see Hinoka and Camilla pouting in their corners and insulting each other once again, but to their surprise they heard something different.

"Is that... laughter?" Xander couldn't believe his ears. He heard the princesses telling stories and laughing.

"...and you should have seen the look on his face when he realized that he had shown up to the battle with his pillow instead of his tome!"

"That's hilarious!"

"Alright, you two are free to go." Ryoma interrupted.

The two princesses simply got up and left still talking, leaving a very confused Xander behind. He watched them leave and noticed their wet behinds. He then looked into the cell and saw two huge puddles on the ground.

"Ryoma, what happened here?"

"Xander, don't question miracles."

