The Golden Watch

Author: Bladder_Queen

*000*2018-09-24 16:38

“My love, I can’t find it. Are you sure it’s not at work?” she moans from our bedroom. I hear shuffling of our bed frame, being pushed back into place. I’m in the living room, doing the same as she. I lost my Grandfather’s watch. The one thing his cold heart decided to give me, the one thing that proved he cared about something.

I shout back, “Look harder babe, I couldn’t have left it anywhere else.” She doesn’t understand how important this watch is for me. I would never have taken it out and left it in some bathroom stall or restaurant table. This watch was folded into my pocket the second I took it off in public.

I get up off the floor and move the couch back to where it was. I sigh and put my hands on my hips, looking around the tables and floor one more time before going to our bedroom. At this point in the search, I’m panicking, I have no clue where it could be.

“Babe, I couldn’t have just left it somewhere. I’m more respon-” I say as I walk into the bedroom to find her emptying out our bedside table drawers, but something about her is different. She sits with her legs folded underneath her, her hips moving side to side with urgency. She looks like she has to… she looks like she has to go pee? “Are you okay?”

“Yeah,of course, I’m fine!” she says, putting the drawer back into its place and scurrying to the other table “Don’t just stand there! It’s your watch we’re trying to find!” I feel myself harden as I watch her struggle to focus. She’s holding her bladder tightly in order to concentrate on helping me find this watch. I’m torn between telling her I love her, or fucking her senselessly.

I’m close to acting on the latter before she darts up from behind the table with a golden twinkle in her hand.

“I FOUND IT!” she says, waving the watch in the air. “It must have slid behind the table when you took it off last night?” she says, placing it on the bed. I pick it up and buckle it around my wrist, feeling like an idiot for not thinking to check there first. She gets up and sits on the bed with me, continuing to wiggle her hips around. She looks to my waist, back up at me and says “Uh… are you hard right now?”

I’ve kept my pee kink from her for most of our relationship. I’ve brought it up as a possibility to her, and she never seemed against it, just unsure of it. But at this point, it was my perfect chance to give it a try with her. “Okay… so now that we know I didn’t throw your watch away, I’m gonna go use the bathroom before I burst,” she tries to get up from the bed, but I pull her back down. The word “Burst” just about drove me to my limit.

“Nuh uh,” I get on top of her and pin her arms above her head “I don’t think so.”

“Babe, come ooon, I gotta go now!” I feel her hips shake and I smirk, lean down, and kiss the bottom of her neck. She tightly crosses her legs below me knowing she won’t be able to hold it for much longer. I reach, my hand down and press against her hardened bladder. She is holding quite a lot, I could feel it right below her stomach. I press harder between her hips and she lets out a long, lustful moan. Her bladder is so large, it pushes against her clit when I apply pressure. Her tank top lifts just enough to see how much she’s expanded and it looks like she’s holding back so much. Just the thought of her holding anything more than a liter drives me insane.

I get my legs between hers and spread them apart, keeping my knees against her thighs, I kiss down her stomach. I reach her hardened bladder and look up at her. She bites her bottom lip and makes eye contact with me. I wrap my lips over a spot and suck on it. Her body convulses and she lets out a rough moan.

“Mmmmmf FUCK” she groans, lifting her hips up against me. I push her down with my legs once again and move my head to look at the bruise I’ve left.

I let go of her arms and tear down her leggings, stripping them from her body. I kiss down to her clit and lick up her body. I pull her to the edge of the bed, get on my knees, tuck her legs over my shoulders, and go to town. Licking her dripping wet pussy as she moans and squirms with a bladder about to explode. I grind and flick my tongue against her clit. I push my tongue in and out of her, tasting her all over. I can feel her vibrate against my tongue, holding back her enormous flood. I finally sit up and and feel her beginning to leak as it drips down the bed to my knees. I press my hand against her crotch, stopping the light flow. I smack her on the side of her thigh and she gasps and squeals.

“I’m not done yet!” I say, unfastening my belt and pulling my pants down to my ankles. I slowly push my aching cock into her, thrusting faster and faster as her moans get louder and louder. I feel the tip of my cock pressing against her full body. She hooks her arms over my neck, bringing me on top of her, pressing her body against mine.

I put my hands on her sides, bringing her body in and out. She tries to squeeze her thighs together because the tension in her bladder builds up even worse than before. I tower above her, pressing my hands against her breasts, running my fingers through her hair, and spanking her fat ass. I rock my body back and forth against hers, slowing down as I feel the urge to cum. With one final pump into her body, I orgasm inside of her, pulling out and watching it drip out of her, not only my cum but a waterfall of urine. It pulses wildly out of her, like she’s absolutely lost all of control of her body. I get underneath the flow, it runs down my body, and soaks right into the carpet as she releases what seems like a gallon of urine. My fantasy has finally come true.

Once she finishes, I crash onto the bed next to her, both of us breathing heavily. I turn her head towards me and give her a peck on the lips. With my thumb and index finger placed against her chin, I say “Thanks babe, I couldn’t have done it without you.”

“Cum or find your watch?” she giggles.

“Hmmm… Both?” I say, kissing her one last time before getting up and grabbing us towels. "Next time, we're measuring that bladder."

