Chaser's Mix up

Author: bored4351

*000*2016-06-02 23:07

Foreword:

Posted this earlier on Diapered Anime. Bringing it here for your enjoyment.

Feedback welcome.

This is something, perhaps a little different from your typical story.

It is based on an RP I tried to set in motion, but didn't catch on.

My ideas don't like to stay in my head, so I'll make a short series out of it.

Some characters you will be familiar with. I do not own them.

I also make reference to a few bits of content from creative minds greater than my own.

I hope you enjoy.

Prologue:

The Driver returned with an envelope for the other three members of his team.

A job well done.

"Here ya go," he said, his gravelly voice announcing the completion of their work.

"That means you'll have to stop tormenting the Moon-Queen, May."

May frowned as she eyed their most recent catch. May liked the buns the girl kept her blonde hair in, and the pig tails that draped down from them.

"Can't I change her diapers before they take her in?" She pleaded, "She had an accident almost as soon as I caught her. I didn't even need to use our formula!"

"No can do. We have another job."

The driver held up bit of parchment.

"This one should be easy. The girl isn't even a class 3. So really, it should just be a snatch and grab."

The girl tied to the gurney struggled against her bonds. The gag in her mouth kept her frustrated cries muffled. Her diaper crinkled as she struggled, and May couldn't help but notice it was actually louder than her protests...

Two orderly-looking men wheeled her out of the ambulance. The three vanished beyond the main doors of the Patient Center, Moon-Queen trying to free herself the entire time.

The Shotgun took a look at the page and set to work scanning the numerous worlds that could possibly contain their target.

"Found her!", said the Shotgun. "Kagome Higurashi. Looks like she is in an Earth Dimension sometime in a Feudal era."

"Let me see!" May tried to contain her excitement, but her cat ears always perked up and gave her away. Oh, and she always sounded way too excited when her target was a pretty girl.

"No, this time can't be right." said May, "The Moon Queen girl we just brought in wore a similar uniform. Before she transformed and started throwing frisbees at us. Let me check around a bit."

The Shotgun stepped away from his computer. "It's all yours, Chaser. Have at it."

May hopped in the passenger seat and began scanning the multiverse, her ears twitching as she focused.

The scanner and computer in their van was top notch. It provided all the information about a target the hunters could possibly need.

The trouble was, it still was only as good as the user.

May was a Chaser. Chasers are chosen because their bodies typically work faster than their brains.

So it wasn't exactly a surprise when May completely ignored the name of the girl that showed up on the screen when she saw an exact visual match at (what she thought) was a school called Otakon.

"I have her location!!" Chaser exclaimed too loudly (read: enthusiastically) for the Driver's tastes.

"And where exactly is that, Sherlock Gnomes?"

May ignored him as she continued, she was used to Driver's old man sarcasm and genuine lack of any sort of possible positive emotion.

"Earth C-137!" The catgirl exclaimed running a hand through her pink hair.

"Now, ONWARD STEED!!"

"I need to retire." Driver grumbled.

"You are retired." Shotgun reminded him.

"Damn."

The ambulance revved to life. Driver floored it, and prepared for the usual phenomenon that he referred to as the 88 MPH hangover.

To be continued....

