Omotober story #2: Lena and the maze of moisture

Author: Big Girl Stacy

*000*2021-10-15 21:47

Hi everyone, here is a story I wrote for omotober! This chapter was inspired by @Bi Omo Guy

's idea and is a prequel for my other story, which you can read here: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/71082-omotober-story-1-lenas-night-time-terrors/?tab=comments#comment-1918667

The other story contains diapers and bedwetting. This one has no diaper content.

Here is the story! I hope you all enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it. I am planning to make a part 3.

“So, are you guys hyped for this?” Asked Ashley to the group, dipping a fry into a small container of mustard.

Beth replied enthusiastically: “Are you kidding? I’ve been excited for weeks! Last year was amazing, so I have no idea how they’re going to try and top it this time around.” Beth was already done with her food, impatiently tapping her foot underneath the table. She didn’t have her full costume on yet, but still sported the black dress, pointy shoes, and tall, crooked hat of her witch costume. Beth fidgeted some more with her drink, reduced now to some partially-melted ice gathered at the bottom of a plastic cup.

Erin piped up, always eager to be the one bringing new information and gossip to the group. “I heard they’re taking it in a more psychological direction this year. Like they really want to get into your head.” She proceeded to loudly sip her almost-gone milkshake, drawing a scowl from Ashley.

“What does that even mean? ‘More psychological?’ What kind of monsters are more psychological than what they did last year?” Beth asked. “Seriously, what does that mean?”

Erin laughed. “I have no idea! That’s just what I heard from Amanda in math.”

“Amanda has no idea what she’s talking about, and she’s probably too chicken to go, anyways.” Ashley interjected.

“You sure about that?” Erin asked, stealing one of Ashley’s fries. “I heard her boyfriend is going to be in it. But she won’t tell me anything about his part. I pressed her for like ten minutes.”

“Why would you do such a thing? Are you trying to spoil the entire experience for yourself?” Beth asked. The more you know about it beforehand, the less scary it will be. It’s like when Ashley ruined Shutter Island for me. When I saw the twist coming, it wasn’t very impactful.”

“Still a good movie, though.” Ashley offered.

“Yes, Ashley, it was a good movie, but you didn’t have to spoil the entire thing for me. It just would have been more impactful is all.” Erin rebutted.

Lena was sitting in silence and dread this entire time. Personally, she liked to know about scary movies before she ever watched them, even going as far as to read the Wikipedia summaries. Unfortunately, this night was real life and she knew nothing about the haunted house. Only that her three friends had bullied her into going. Her best friend, Ashley, had done the majority of the convincing in private. “I’ll walk right next to you the entire time; it will be fine.” Like every other year, Lena had tried to chicken out in the most dignified way she could. But after several years in a row, her laundry list of excuses had been exhausted. She didn’t want to seem like a coward, even if she felt like one and had been dreading the haunted house experience for days.

This evening, Lena at slower than her friends. Perhaps every bite she postponed would delay the inevitable. Lena was the last of her friends to speak up after gulping a large sip of iced tea. “Do they, like, grab you or anything?” Lena asked timidly.

“No, they’re not supposed to.” Said Ashley. “They’re just supposed to jump around and startle you. I think grabbing you would be, like, a liability or something.”

“That’s good.” Said Lena, feeling a genuine sense of relief. She still had a bunch of fries left over, but didn’t have the appetite to eat them. “You guys want the rest of my fries?” Lena offered.

“Hell yes!” Said Beth, reaching out for a large handful. She ate them rapidly, drawing stares from Erin and Ashley. “What? I want to go! Is everyone else ready?”

Erin and Ashley nodded, already grabbing their trays and beginning to scoot out of the booth. Lena would have liked to use the toilet before leaving, but didn’t want to be bothersome. “I’m ready now.” Lena said in an unconvincing tone.

The girls headed for the door and walked out. Beth was practically bouncing in place, as if she had been anticipating this haunted house all year. She and Erin talked loudly with each other about the voracity of Amanda’s claim and other associated gossip. Lena walked towards the rear of the group, reluctantly keeping pace with the others, feeling almost like she was heading towards her own execution. Ashley noticed her hesitation and dropped out of the conversation with Erin and Beth.

It was getting dark outside, despite being relatively early in the evening. The sky was overcast and gray, with the blowing winds steadily picking up fallen leaves and swirling them around in small dust devils. Lena shivered a little bit, realizing that she should have brought a warmer jacket. Instead, she had her usual gray pullover hoodie, long worn

“You still sure you want to go? We seriously would not be mad if you decided to head home.” Ashley said, feeling a bit guilty for her role of pressuring Lena into coming. Lena just felt embarrassed that she had to be pressured at all. This was the year that she would finally go. Lena stood up straighter and more put on her best impression of a confident face.

“I’m ready. No chickening out now.” She said, beginning to feel her own confidence.

“Hell yes!” Beth said, overhearing Lena. “I bet Lena will make it through first. Not because she is scared, but because she will single-handedly defeat all of the monsters inside, including Amanda’s creepy boyfriend.”

Erin replied: “If Amanda’s boyfriend jumped out with no makeup on, that would be enough to make me pee my pants.” Erin and Beth both laughed at the idea, then quickened their pace towards the haunted house. Ashley quieted her voice a little bit more and said “Remember, I will be right next to you the entire time, it will be fine.” Ashley’s comfort actually did make Lena feel better and relieved some of her stress.

This year, the haunted house would be weaving through a maze inside of a former big box department store. For Lena, stores like that were often scary enough in their own right, partially because of how hard she often tried to hide what she was actually buying.

The girls finally arrived at the haunted house. A massive line stood in the front, where cashiers were jamming cash into boxes hand-over-fist and ushering people to the waiting area. Lena supposed that people should be sufficiently spread out inside for maximum terror and loneliness. Above cashier’s stands was a large banner which said “Haunted Hill of Horrors!”

“Damn, that line is long. We should have been here an hour ago.” Beth said.

“Well, we weren’t.” Erin said simply. They stood in line, hoping it would move faster. Lena shivered slightly in the chilly fall air.

Erin, Ashley, and Beth stood and talked amongst themselves while Lena played on her phone. Occasionally, she interjected, but mostly just stood patiently. According to her clock, it took about twenty minutes before the group had advanced by any considerable amount. Meanwhile, hordes of people lined up behind the girls, loudly discussing the rumored contents of the house. “Well, my friend told me they were bringing smoke machines through the doors.” Lena heard someone say.

“That’s no big surprise. Smoke machines are par for the course. I saw them bringing in something huge and flat, but it had a sheet over it, so I have no idea what it was.”

Lena eventually tuned them out while she waited some more. At this point, she really wished she had taken the opportunity to go pee before they had left the restaurant. The cold was making it harder to hold it. Lena looked around. Was there even a bathroom at this place? She couldn’t see any signs pointing to one. Surely, then, it was somewhere inside and she would be able to use it before going through the haunted house.

The girls waited for another while longer, with Lena starting to squirm in line. Gradually, they approached the front of the line.

As if reading her mind, Beth piped up: “Ugh, I gotta pee.” she said. “At least we’re close to the front of the line.”

Ashley replied: “Yeah, but we gotta be ready to pay and get in.”

So much for going pee now; Lena would have to hold it through the haunted house. It was an added layer of anxiety that built upon her anticipation for entering the house. Plus, she sure didn’t need the anticipation earlier of departing from the group first to go pee. Lena gulped. The back of the line? I guess they had to keep the pace going in very smooth, and you had to be ready to enter the haunted house. If only she had gone earlier, but it seemed too late now.

At the front of the line was a scene of pandemonium. People wearing shirts with “STAFF” written on them were taking money and giving change. The entire business seemed to be cash-only. This year, admission was $20 per person. Lena reached into her wallet and got a $20 bill ready for the transaction. Erin, Ashley, and Beth were doing the same.

Beth was the first in line now. She handed her money in and stood aside, waiting for the rest of the group. Erin paid next, then stood next to Beth. Finally, Ashley and Lena paid up. Lena was already shaking with anticipation, getting herself nervous for the journey she was about to undertake. She really wished for somewhere to go pee, and was getting nervous about finding a toilet in time. The cold weather also made her shiver more.

Once everyone was all paid up, they were ushered into a waiting room of sorts with a few couches to sit on. Fortunately, it was much warmer inside than it was outside. The walls bore a spooky, orange glow from the RGB strips hung all around. In addition, cottony spiderweb decorations were hung from the ceiling. Lena enjoyed the feeling of being warmed up. Behind the thick door on the other side of the room, Lena could hear the occasional muffled scream, and what sounded like a weed whacker or another small motor. She could also hear laughter of both the nervous and maniacal varieties.

“I’m so excited to get in!” Beth said, rubbing her hands vigorously together and sitting forward on the couch. “The people at the end need to hurry the hell up!” She added, clearly getting impatient to see all of the scary sights. Lena wondered what it would be like to be genuinely excited by getting this scared. She felt like she was at the beginning of a roller coaster ride, sitting motionless as the machine slowly climbed to its peak. She stared at the floor.

After just a few more minutes of waiting, an employee emerged from behind the large door which led to the hallways of the haunted house. Beth and Erin practically trampled the employee, rushing directly into the haunted house proper. Lena, and therefore Ashley, hung back and reluctantly stepped forth.

When they passed through the threshold, they entered a dark corridor, from which flashing lights could be seen and distant screams could be heard. Even the remotely-comforting presence of the uniformed employee disappeared as his radio blurted something out and he stepped into an office behind a closed door.

Sensing Lena’s reluctance, Ashley offered comfort: “Don’t worry, Lena. It will be OK.”

Lena looked up from the floor, put on a brave face, and walked forward. She could hear some shuffling noises up ahead, but saw next to nothing. The hallway was extremely dark, but Lena could tell the corner was coming up. She slowly approached the corner, taking the turn wide in an effort to see around it. She and Ashley tiptoed towards the corner, anticipating someone coming out.

When they turned the corner, Lena saw no one. She breathed a slight sigh of relief. Unbeknownst to her, however, a figure quietly stepped behind them on the carpeted floor. As Lena and Ashley stared down the hallway and continued onwards, she could feel a prickling sensation on the back of her neck.

Lena whipped around. The tall figure was wearing a tight, black bodysuit and a blank, white mask. The dark hallway made the mask appear to be floating in midair, causing Lena and Ashley to scream and bolt forward. They made it around the corner, with Lena breathing heavily. Her legs were clenched tightly together, but her panties were dry.

“Damn, that was spooky!” Ashley said.

“Y-yeah.” Lena said. Lena realized then that she had instinctively grabbed Ashley’s hand. She blushed and let go, purposefully keeping her hand to her side.

Looking forward, Ashley and Lena heard Beth and Erin screaming at whatever was next. Fog was drifting through this section of the hallway, making the room seem humid and limiting visibility. Once again, Lena and Ashley reluctantly advanced into the unknown. They walked close together, once again trying to peek around the corner.

Flashing strobe lights penetrated the thick mist, which Lena tried to fan away with her hand. Suddenly, she saw someone run in front of the light source in front of her. She jumped in place, frightened by the magnified shadow. Once again, she gripped Ashley’s hand tightly. The figure let out a menacing laugh, but when Lena turned to look, he wasn’t there.

He was behind her now, and he let out a bellowing yell that caused Lena to jump almost a foot into the air. “Aaahhhh!” she and Ashley screamed in unison. This guy was dressed as a scarecrow, with small bits of hay poking out near his torn gloves. His burlap sack mask hid all of his face. “Going somewhere?” he asked, menacingly. Lena screamed again and crossed her legs, even tighter than she had before. It was uncomfortably close this time: Lena had almost wet her pants.

Lena ran into the mist, pushing her legs closer together with stride. She was now close to where the strobe light was blinking into the hallway, waiting for Ashley. She wanted Ashley desperately. “Ashley?” She called. Ashley came towards her. “This mist is really thick. I couldn’t even see you!” Ashley said. The scarecrow man had retreated into his hiding spot, ready to frighten his next victim.

Lena stood awkwardly, holding her legs close together. She steeled her resolve, put a brave face on, and turned the corner. Lena told herself that all she had to do to get through was to keep an iron grip on her bladder and remember that it was just a haunted house. Though she understood this concept intellectually, Lena was, indeed, very frightened of what lie ahead.

On the walls in the next corridor, Lena could see a series of creepy-looking paintings. They were all drawn in a realistic but distinctly old-timey style, mostly pictures of somber-looking men and women in old-fashioned clothes. The lighting was a bit better in this part of the house, and the fog was being directed into the previous hallway. Fake blood stains dotted the floor, marking the path forward through the house.

Lena began walking through this section with relative confidence, avoiding the gaze of the paintings. This was harder than it looked, since further inspection revealed they were some sort of holographic image that changed depending on her perspective. But all she had to do was not look at them. Lena kept walking for a bit more, slightly relaxing in the better lighting environment.

But suddenly, the lights flicked out, causing Lena to jump a little bit. A blacklight immediately kicked in, illuminating glow-in-the-dark paints drawn over the creepy drawings. This part amused Lean more than it scared her, since all of the paintings just had skulls drawn over them. “Real scary, right?” Lena said, gesturing towards the paintings. White parts of her sweater and shirt glowed in the blacklight. “Yeah, real scary.” Ashley sarcastically agreed.

The section of the house seemed to give up and the ordinary lighting was restored. Once again, Lena relaxed, beginning to feel that the house had been overhyped. Nothing truly scary had happened yet, and Lena was allowing herself to feel some sense of comfort in that.

The girls walked through the remainder of the creepy paintings and into the next room, which featured a large and imposing red door. Lena looked around in the corners to make sure no one was coming. She opened the door carefully.

Nothing jumped out immediately except for a large cloud of fog. It drifted gently through the hallway and over their shoes. The room inside her was dark, and it was hard to tell where anything was. “You go first.” Lena insisted immediately.

“Baby!” Ashley said, giggling. Ashley walked into the door first, with Lena close behind. Suddenly, the frightening scream of a woman screeched from somewhere behind them. Ashley took off in one direction, but Lena looked to find the source. She didn’t see anyone, so she ran in a different direction.

It was then that Lena became truly nervous. She had run to an area with more light, which revealed that she was standing in a hall of mirrors. Ashley was somewhere in the other direction, behind any number of mirrors. All that Lena could see was herself. Her pale jeans, her faded sweatshirt, and her worn shoes.

Lena walked aimlessly, totally unsure of where to go. The maze of mirrors was cramped and it was hard to tell what was a way through and what was an illusion. A massive plurality of copies of her own image stood before her, an army of scared girls on the brink of simultaneously having an accident.

She tried not to think about it. The subject left the forefront of her mind rapidly when Lena heard the mechanical whirring of some primitive two-stroke motor. From what direction, she could not be sure. She looked around frantically, as if one of her infinite doppelgangers could offer some examples.

As the whirring grew louder and louder, the sounds echoed all over the silvery room. Lena could not tell where exactly it was coming from.

Nervous and fidgety, Lena was about to let out a great scream into the hall of mirrors. She was extremely nervous, crouched over and trying to summon the will to continue on. Breathing heavily, she walked forward. In the back of her mind, Lena knew that she would need to get to the toilet soon, which served as an effective motivation to escape the room. Once again, she heard laughter and the sound of a motor. It seemed both louder and more well-defined, putting Lena on her tip-toes.

For a tense thirty seconds (that felt to her like at least five minutes), Lena heard nothing except for occasional background screaming, possibly from Ashley. She seemed far away, possibly on the other side of the room. The thought put her even more on edge.

Just as Lena looked around at the many images of herself, she saw a horrifying new face. He was wearing a dark wolf mask and a flannel shirt, ripped and worn out. He stood perfectly still, wielding a chainsaw in one of his large claws. Lena jumped, but it was too late to run. He revved the chainsaw and barreled towards her, causing Lena to scream as loud as she could. The sound was coming from behind her, so she turned around.

Lena wasn’t looking into a mirror anymore, but into the hollow and dark eyes of the werewolf mask. She panicked, screaming in place. She felt a chill running down her spine, a moment of panic and pure distress from the chaos. Her eyes were tearing up.

She ran through the hall, with the werewolf chasing her through the maze. Several times, she nearly bumped into a mirror. Her heart was pounding in her chest. Her eyes were watering. A dribble of urine had begun soaking her underwear. The sound of the monster had receded into some other corner of the room.

“No, no, no!” Lena said out loud, furiously grabbing at her crotch. It was warm and wet, but she had the leak under control. The dribbles had absorbed into the fabric, spreading across her privates. Lena could feel that her panties were damp now, but she didn’t know if anything was showing. In that terrifying moment, she had lost control, involuntarily leaking into her panties like a scared little girl. Lena crept around the maze, holding her legs tightly together and squirming. Since she lost control, she was on high alert. Stopping the flood had been a difficult task.

Lena heard loud stomping coming from somewhere else. She walked slowly and cautiously, peering around the corners as best she could. As far as she could tell, her little dribbles weren’t visible yet.

Before she knew it, the mirror maze was over. Lena stepped out of another large, red door that led to the other side. But just as she emerged, a shrieking woman in a skimpy nurse’s outfit popped out of the corner and yelled in her face, startling Lena so thoroughly that she slammed her back against the wall.

This time, she didn’t even have time to scream. Reflexively staggering backward left her hands at her sides, unable to hold herself anymore. Her entire body felt hot from the anxiety, giving her a hot flash followed by a chill. With her self-control failing more and more by the second, Lena let loose some substantial spurts into her cotton underwear. It could no longer wick the moisture away: her panties were soaked through.

Standing in horror, Lena intermittently released little leaks and spurts into her panties. She could feel the heat building on her inner thighs, felt the wetness as it spread. “Oh no, no no no!” Lena screamed, getting a hold of herself and running through the hallway.

As she ran, tears in her eyes, Lena screamed and blindly rushed forward. With each step, Lena felt the upper parts of her pants gripping together, dampened by her shameful accident. Feeling herself on the brink of tears, Lena wanted nothing more than to rush through the rest of the house.

Around every few corners, a nefarious character popped out to give her a fright. She would feel the occasional heat in her pants, warming her crotch as she screamed. Lena didn’t care at this point: she just wanted to escape.

Fortunately for her, there were no more mazes to sort through. Just a long hallway that wound around and around, feeling almost infinite in its size. Some sort of story was being told with these monsters popping out, but Lena wasn’t paying attention. Ashley was nowhere to be found.

Running at full speed, Lena eventually heard some screaming close by. It was Erin and Beth! She ran towards them, yelling their names. “Erin! Beth! I found you!” Lena screamed, catching up to them. Erin looked frightened, and maybe a bit exhausted from having so many screaming people charging at her. “Found us!” Erin said. “I think we’re almost at the end…” Erin trailed off.

Admittedly, though, Lena looked far less formidable than the other threats this place had to offer: Lena’s crotch was clearly wet, with stains dotting her inner thighs and running partially down her butt.

Seeing this, Beth responded with her usual measure of care and grace: “Oh my God, Lena pissed her pants!”

Lena blushed, subconsciously trying to hide it with her hands. “N-no I didn’t.”

Erin finally noticed. “She totally did!” Erin and Beth gasped.

“I CANNOT believe you actually piddled your panties!” Beth said, clearly astonished.

Lena felt herself getting flustered. She blushed hard. Erin giggled.

“I’m sorry.” Erin said, unable to stop laughing. “It’s not funny.” She added unconvincingly.

“I just… I just got so scared.” Lena said, feebly. “And I really had to go to the bathroom.”

“Oh man, look how much she went pee in her pants!” Beth said, walking to the backside of an unmoving Lena. “Oh man, it’s all over the back, too.”

Lena touched the seat of her faded pants, feeling the moisture in her hand. She was about to cry. She couldn’t believe that she had pissed her panties in front of her friends like this. Ashley was still nowhere to be seen. Probably, she was still lost somewhere in the maze.

Beth, Erin, and Lena walked through the rest of the maze. Erin and Beth couldn’t stop giggling, in part due to their fear and in part due to Lena’s embarrassing accident.

After a few more scares, the girls emerged from the final hallway. Lena was relieved to see two girls with staff shirts, but she hid behind Beth and Erin to avoid exposure of her embarrassing pee stains. She wanted to sink into the Earth.

Above the exit door was a large banner that said “You survived DR. SPOOKY’S HELL HOUSE!” Lena headed towards it with great conviction and singlemindedness, hoping to escape notice by fleeing into the cover of darkness.

But then, Lena encountered perhaps the greatest scare of all. One of the women from the staff called out from behind the group: “Did you wet your pants?” Lena stood in place, contemplating running out of the door at that instant.

Beth spoke up first. “She totally did! Look at her!”

Lena shriveled up as these two strangers stared at her pants for a moment. The other girl said “Wow, you’re second one tonight! Guess we did a good job with the theming this year.”

“No, Lena is just a big baby.” Beth added, prompting a stiff jab in the elbow from Erin.

“Knock it off.” Erin hissed.

“You want a free t-shirt?” The girl said, cheerfully. “I don’t have a change of pants, but I can get you a cute t-shirt.”

Lena wanted desperately to leave. Lena started: “N-no…” She mumbled. Once again, her friends spoke up for her.

“She would love one!” Beth said.

Lena watched the door, hoping that no one else would come through. She like the idea of at least having something to show for it.

“Come on, if you don’t want it, I’ll take it.” Beth said.

Lena agreed, not wanting to look like a baby. One of the staff girls went through a small plastic tub of t-shirts. “Let’s see here. You look like a small.” She picked a shirt out, folded up in her hand. Lena opened it up and saw the front.

“I wet my pants at Dr. Spooky’s Hell House!” The shirt proudly proclaimed. The shirt also featured a cartoonish image of a scantily-clad nurse, holding up a pair of wet panties and giggling. The cotton was a good quality, with accurate screen printing and a sturdy feel.

“These are super rare, by the way.” The girl said. “We only give them out to the first twenty to have an accident.”

“That makes it even cooler!” Erin said, almost seeming jealous. Lena had to laugh at the silliness of it all, trying her best to be a good sport. She accepted it reluctantly and held it in her hand.

“Thank… you.” Lena said, not knowing how to react.

“No problem! By the way, this shirt gives you access to next year’s haunt. Just wear this and you’ll be able to get to the front of the line with free admission.”

“Hell yes!” Beth said. She put her arm around Lena, who clutched the shirt tightly.

The three of them left the room and walked outside. There, they were immediately greeted by a familiar face among a large crowd. Somehow, Ashley was already outside with the others, but she seemed to be wearing something different.

In the dark, Lena couldn’t believe what she was seeing.

The same shirt that Lena had just received.

The dark stain on Ashley’s pants.

Beth and Erin’s ravenous laughter.

Ashley giggled along with them, seemingly wearing her shirt with pride. Ashley’s laugher was contagious, and all of them had a laugh at the situation. Lena her shirt on as well.

*003*2021-10-15 23:26

{{1 hour ago, Seifer69 said:

Really good story I enjoyed reading it and looking forward to the next chapter

}}

{{22 minutes ago, scinosensation said:

Really nice story; very realistic.

}}

Thank you both so much for reading it!

*008*2021-10-17 18:44

{{5 hours ago, Incontsecret said:

Another brilliant chapter miss Stacy!

I wonder, would you ever wear a shirt that tells people that you wet your pants?

But then again, big girls never wet their pants, right?

}}

That's right. I would never, ever be offered the shirt in the first place.

