[Little Busters!] Saya's Mischievous Plan

Author: Basilb

*000*2018-05-05 07:57

For this short story, I had to make Saya act a bit out of character for the plot to work, but hopefully it shouldn't be too much of an issue.

Why Saya and Rin specifically? I'm not sure, I just thought they'd make for an interesting couple.

Also, just like with my last story (granted, it's been a while), "flower" is my little childish way of referring to a girls' private area.

Hopefully you can gain some sort of enjoyment from this little fanfiction. Comments are welcomed!

###

Saya and Rin had been in a relationship for a while. At first, Rin had kept her distance from Saya, due to her short temper and constant tendency to bring out a gun whenever she didn't get her way. However, with Riki's help and reassurance, the both of them had become close rather quickly.

Rin introduced her new friend to several cats which she treated as her own, and Saya, on the other hand, just liked to show off her gun. She would constantly brag about it, but Rin showed nothing but annoyance whenever the sound of it being shot scared away her cats. During these everyday events, Rin had begun to feel something that she had never felt before. She found her cheeks becoming warm at Saya's simple presence, and whenever she attempted to speak she would begin to stutter more than usual. This was a new experience for her, and she didn't know how to handle the situation.

Not knowing who else to ask for guidance, she went to her good friend Komari for advice. After explaining her experiences, Komari's cheeks turned red, as she attempted to explain that the most logical reason was that she was growing feelings towards Saya. Rin, beyond embarrassed, denied such a claim. "B-but.. she's a girl! My first love would never be a girl!" But despite her trying to reassure both herself and her friend that that was not the case, she felt that there was a chance it could be true. After all, what else could these experiences mean? However, even if it was true, how could she handle it? If it was love, it would be unrequited. Or at least, that's what Rin had thought.

For the next several days, Rin had been trying her hardest to act like her usual self, but that facade was becoming harder and harder to maintain. Her feelings did nothing but grow, until Saya was all Rin could think about. She found herself staring at her long hair, tempted to just stroke it and lie her head down on her shoulder. She found herself getting lost in her eyes, which led to awkward excuses when Saya had pointed this out. She thought about her whether she was around or not, so much so, that she even arrived in her dreams. In her most notable one, Saya and Rin were hugging each other tightly, while Saya was gently patting Rin's head. However, she also had nightmares too, due to her uncertainty and fear. In one said nightmare, Rin had managed to confess to Saya, only to be rejected and their friendship to end.

While this was the worst possible outcome, Rin knew that she couldn't keep this up for much longer. She went to Komari one last time for reassurance, who was very supportive of her feelings, telling her to stay positive and go for it. While still not sure, Rin had decided to finally muster up the courage to finally tell Saya how she truly felt. After summoning Saya to meet her in their usual place behind the school on the bench, Rin's words automatically became a jumbled mess, which resulted in Saya asking if her friend was alright. "I...l-l-likeyou..." Rin had mumbled these words so softly and quickly that Saya couldn't make them out, and upon being asked to repeat, Rin instinctively shouted out her love for Saya without thinking, before immediately covering her mouth. "What the hell did I just do?!" Rin thought to herself, as she saw Saya's expression, which could only be described as a look of pure shock. Rin had then thought that their friendship was over.

During the awkward silence, Rin had already prepared herself for what she believed to be an inevitable rejection. However, Saya's cheeks began to become red after processing the situation, before she herself looked down in embarrassment. "I..." As Rin awaited her response in nervous anticipation, Saya began to stumble out her true feelings as well. "I like y-you too.." At these words, Rin felt as if her heart had skipped a beat, and she had to keep herself from fainting. "Y-you.. you what?"

"Were you not listening? I said that I like you too!" Saya's look of embarrassment quickly turned into a look of annoyance upon having to repeat herself. This result was one that Rin had never expected to happen. She fantasized and dreamed about it, yes, but this was reality. All she could do was just sit there with wide eyes and a bright red face.

After their confession, Rin and Saya had then formed a relationship. One that was filled with almost nothing but happiness and enjoyable moments. Komari was almost as overjoyed as Rin after hearing the news, and congratulated Rin for finally finding someone she could truly love. Rin had thought that she would never experience such a feeling. She thought that love was gross and was the end of all joy, but she realized that in reality, it was the exact opposite of that. Sure, Rin still had her days where she felt down, but Saya was always there by her side, and Rin felt that that was all that she needed. The news soon spread across the school, and while her friends were all happy for Rin and Saya, some of the other students were not so fond of their relationship. However, the occasional odd glances from their peers never fazed them, and just to show it, they would constantly hold each other's hands while walking around in the hallways.

However, while Saya would do these things to prove a point to her peers, she wasn't actually one for "lovey-dovey" stuff. She instead preferred to show her love to Rin by pulling pranks on her. These could range from distracting her cats so they wouldn't come when Rin called them, to jumping up from behind her and giving her a mini heart attack, to even stealing the toilet paper before Rin had the chance to go. While these constant antics annoyed Rin, she also found them somehow charming, as in the end, they would always just laugh it off. Saya had recently got in the habit of also challenging Rin to do random tasks, and due to Rin not being intent on losing such challenges, did almost every single one that was given to her. So, when Rin was tasked to chug a whole bottle of water in 10 seconds, how could she say no? After successfully doing so, Rin received a pat on the back, but also a mischievous grin from her lover. At the time, Rin was completely unaware of what Saya's grin meant.

During the rest of that day, Saya and Rin were having long conversations about their friends, jokingly bringing up their flaws in a harmless manner. During the middle of Saya's reply, Rin felt the sudden slight urge to urinate. Holding it in for as long as she could out of politeness, she only announced her need to use the toilet when it was becoming harder to hold it in. Once Rin told Saya that she would be right back, Saya immediately knew where she was headed, and gently grabbed Rin's hand as she stood up.

As Rin looked behind her to see that very same mischievous grin, Saya explained that she had a new challenge for her. After Rin replied that she would attempt to do the task once she got back, her lover shook her head. "No, no, Rin. You're not understanding the situation. For this, you'll need a full bladder." At these words, Rin automatically thought back to the bottle of water that Saya had made her chug. This was all part of her plan. "Oh God.. what is she going to ask me to do now..?" She thought.

"W-what do you mean?" Rin nervously asked. Saya's grin not wavering, she explained that her task was just to hold it in for a bit longer. "T-that's it?" Rin asked, expecting something more. "Yep, that's it." Saya reassured her, as Rin thought that while she did really need to go, she could hold it in for a bit longer if it meant completing a challenge. Sitting back down on the bench, the both of them sat there in silence, as Rin was concentrating on holding in her urine. As the urge to relieve herself did nothing but grow, she found herself rubbing her legs together in desperation. Saya did nothing but deviously smile at Rin's struggles, and with each time Rin had asked for permission to go to the toilet, Saya had denied each request, telling her to hang on for "just a bit longer."

"How much longer...? I can't take much more..." Rin replied. "Oh? Does this mean that you forfeit from the challenge?"

"N-No! I-I can hold it..." As several more minutes passed, Saya noticed that Rin had reached her limit. "I-I really need to go.."

"Very well. You can go now." But as Rin attempted to stand, she realized that she couldn't without being dangerously close to leaking. She was stuck on the bench.

"S-Saya.."

"Yes?"

"I-I can't stand..."

"Oh?" At Saya's continuous smile, Rin finally caught on. "You meant for this to happen too. I-I know you like your challenges, but isn't this going t-too far?" Rin barely managed to stutter out these words without her bladder releasing its contents. "Aw, I'm sorry. Don't worry, after this, I won't give you anymore challenges for a while."

"B-but.. what about this one?"

"Oh, you won't have to worry about this one for too much longer either. It's almost over."

"A-almost?" Rin practically gulped in fear of what Saya had planned next. How long had she been planning this?

"The last part is simple, really." At these words, Saya looked into Rin's desperate eyes. "All I ask is that you allow me to take off your pants and panties, and to relieve yourself into my mouth." She explained this without shame, and Rin could do nothing but stare at her lover in shock. "W-WHAT?!" Rin yelled, before clenching her crotch tightly. "I-I could never..."

"Aw, but you're about to burst anyway! What harm would it do?"

"Y-you're evil..."

"But you love me anyway." Rin did nothing but look away in embarrassment at Saya's reply, before being forced to give in to her devious demands.

As Saya lifted up Rin's legs and began to slide off her pants and panties, it was all Rin could do to not wet herself right then and there. As Rin began to develop tears in her eyes from the amount of desperation and pain that she was going through, Saya decided to finally end Rin's struggles. Rin couldn't take it anymore, and right when Saya's mouth came into contact with her flower, her bladder immediately began to empty itself, as a warm stream of urine flowed into her lover's mouth. Rin had never experienced such an amazing feeling before, and couldn't help but to let out a long sigh of relief.

Her intense relief was even clouding over her sense of embarrassment, but it was quite obvious that Saya was enjoying herself. Her lover smiled with pleasure from the warm feeling and taste, and eagerly drunk as much of it as possible, small drops of urine occasionally dripping from her mouth. This went on for several seconds, before Rin's stream was becoming noticeably weaker in strength. However, Saya continued to drink every last bit, until there was nothing but small drops remaining. Having nothing to wipe herself with, Saya automatically began to lick Rin's flower, causing her to yelp, but then begin to slightly moan.

Rin's flower still contained the taste of her urine, and, with Saya's new obsession with it, she couldn't help but to lick all around her still dripping wet urethra. Rin expressed no signs of discontent, but could instead only react in moans and by moving her legs around in pleasure. "Your flower is so adorable, Rin." Saya gave out this sudden compliment, before realizing that Rin's flower was also now wet from something else. In fact, now that she thought about it, Saya's own flower was becoming wet, and was tempting her to give it some attention. Deciding to not go any further after all that, Saya announced that the challenge was over, before giving Rin her usual pat on the back, as well as one on the head.

For some reason, Rin wasn't even upset at her lover anymore for pulling such a prank. She admittedly enjoyed the intense feeling of relief and Saya's mouth against her flower. As Rin nodded in silence and pulled her pants and panties back up, Saya explained that they were done for the day, and that she needed some "alone time." Understanding what she meant, Rin walked back to her respective dorm, spending the rest of the night thinking about the events that had happened just a few hours before. The urge to urinate returning, Rin decided that she wanted her lover to taste it again. It was an offer that Rin figured Saya wouldn't be able to refuse.

