Kat's Very Disoriented Wetting - A Gravity Rush Fiction

Author: balthazor

*000*2018-04-30 06:59

Since it's on sale on PSN, I recently started playing Gravity Rush, and I've gotten pretty attached to the main character, Kat. After a quick search, I was surprised to see that there have been no fictions of her on this site, especially since her gravity powers could lead to some fun accidents, so I decided to give it a go. I'm not too far in the game, so please excuse me if she seems a little out of character. Any criticism is welcome.

A lot had happened to Kat recently. First she woke up with no memories, then she learned she had a cat named Dusty who she could use to control gravity, then a fortune teller gave her directions to find "the man of her destiny". She had been excited until it turned out to be some old guy. The old guy then teleported her into a magical world full of floating islands and platforms made of rubble.

"Ugh, follow the flowers he says." Kat complained to Dusty as she trudged along, using her gravity shifting powers to fly from platform to platform.

"Man, why do all these platforms have to be at different angles? I'm not even confident which way is up anymore. I'm pretty sure it's that way?" She said as she pointed... up? "And that's not even my biggest problem." Kat sighed and looked down at her now bulging bladder. She wasn't warned before she was taken here, so she didn't exactly have time to take care of her needs before the trip.

She couldn't see anyone in this strange place, so it was tempting to just squat down and pee where she stood, but She was wearing a black romper, so it wouldn't be possible for her to pee without stripping naked first, thus she was waiting until she found a place with a little more cover than a flat platform.

Finally she saw it, the perfect place to relieve herself. It was a giant pillar, she could just fly to the top of it. Then, even if there were someone else in this abyss, she would be too high up to see. She quickly enacted her plan, flying up to the top of the pillar and looking around.

"Good, not a soul in sight." She said as she began the process of removing the romper. It was halfway off, exposing her breasts, when she suddenly heard a voice from right in front of her.

"Ooh, they're pretty small, but they're cute. I like it! I'd give her an 8/10."

Kat's eyes went wide as she looked up to see that a boy had suddenly just appeared right in front of her. Her face turned red and she hastily covered her chest with her hands.

"What do you think you're doing?!" She screamed.

"Huh... Wait! You can see me!?" The boy looked shocked. "Oh god, how long has it been since someone was able to see me? I have so much I want to talk abou-" the boy didn't get to finish his sentence before he began to phase back into nothing, just as quick as he had appeared.

Kat was just left standing there, mortified.

"Oh of course, this place is inhabited by invisible people... WAIT...NO...WHAT?!"

"Man... there's no way I can pee here now. What if someone's watching and I just don't know it?" Kat groaned, defeated.

With no chance of relief in sight, she pressed on, flying from platform to platform. Her bladder felt like a rock, and whenever she changed gravity, she could feel it getting shaken around. Moreover, her hands had taken permanent residence in her crotch. She wouldn't be able to take much more of this.

Finally it happened, she landed on a platform and felt a small spurt of urine hit her pants and doubled over.

"Oooooh" she moaned as she regained her composure.

"Ugh, I can't take this anymore! I don't care who's watching anymore! I need to pee so bad!"

She again began to peel off her romper. Once her breasts were free she looked around suspiciously.

"Nope, no pervy ghost boys in sight."

She finally peeled off the rest of the romper, exposing her pussy to the fresh air. Not wanting to dirty her outfit, she simply held it in her hand.

"Finally! Sweet relief, I have dreamt of thee!" She joked as she spread her legs and relaxed her muscles. Piss began to flow from her legs, up and away from the ground.

"Wait... WHAT!?"

Kat had forgotten she was still disoriented. Her bladder troubles had distracted her from the fact that she still didn't know where up was. She realized far too late that she was currently standing upside down due to her gravity powers.

"OHGODNONONOSTOPSTOPEWEWEWEWWW"

Her bladder refused to answer her commands. Her hot piss began to flow from her thighs and up her chest. She gagged as it began to enter her nose and mouth eventually flowing through her hair. She slammed her free hand into her crotch in a feeble attempt to stop her current crisis, but all that accomplished was now piss was flowing up her arm.

After what felt like hours, Kat's golden shower subsided. She hadn't just peed herself, she had peed all over herself, leaving a very wet and naked Kat. She looked down and noticed Dusty staring at her.

"Don't give me that look. It could have happened to anyone." She said trying to justify the personal tragedy that had just transpired.

"It's gross, but at least it's easy to clean." She sighed as she hopped off the platform, letting the wind dry her off, before she returned her clothes to their natural position and continued her journey.

