Supergirl’s accident

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-01-22 03:45

It was 7:00 AM in Metropolis as Supergirl woke up from her bed, she got out of her bed and went into the bathroom. She gets to the bathroom and closes the door and pulled down her pyjama pants down and sat on the toilet peeing. She then got dressed,but she couldn’t find any panties! She then look carefully in her cabinet for some panties. She spent hours being naked looking for panties, she found one a special gift Lois Lane gave to her which were Pink panties. So she put it on , then she put her suit on and then her work clothes on. She went down making her breakfast and drank some orange juice and then got in her car and drove to work.

She got to work at 8:55 AM she then goes Inside CatCo, she then drank two cups of coffee and then it was 9:13 AM, Kara drinks another cup of coffee while at her desk and feels that she has to pee. She then starts walking to the ladies room and enters then releasing her pee in the toilet and continues working. 12:30 PM She was in a meeting and every time a girl, who was sitting next to her kept farting. These mad it seem if Kara was the one who needed to open her bowels. 3:55 PM She kept dinking two lot coffee after the meeting and went home at 6:00 PM.

She waited for 8:21PM to catch up with Batgirl in Gotham City she took her work clothes off and waited and waited until 10:21PM, she felt a feeling on her abdomen she had to pee, she raced by the stairs and went inside the bathroom pulled down her pants and pink panties. She then sat on the toilet peeing very loud and long, she felt good after this. The time was 7:45 PM she then sat down watching TV, she was watching Superman: The Movie. When the movie finished it was 10:15, the phone rang it was Batgirl calling to say come to Gotham now! Supergirl then drank some three cokes, then flew over to Gotham City.

@@It was night in Gotham City, as Batgirl was protecting Gotham tonight. She was standing on a tall building and saw Supergirl coming and saw Harley Quinn robbing Gotham Bank the two felt a feeling on their abdomen they both had to pee, they had to hold it in. When they got to the bank Harley was inside and said “ You two, no, no, NO!” They fought Harley and their urge to pee worsened they kept fighting but Harley had not been defeated yet, then they had a half full bladder and crossed their legs and put their hands on their bladder/pussy. Then they heard Harley saying “Batgirl and Supergirl have to pee.” Se said this continuously over and over again. They kept fighting but only worsened her bladder as Harley was knocked down they had a full bladder. Screamed and screamed Harley got hold of batgirl’s leg as she was on Harley’s back the let out a gush of pee out and Harley could feel it coming out. Supergirl peas going to punch her in the face but let out a gush pee out, then farted loudly and then punched her in the face, they both dampened their panties.

They had another gush of pee coming from their pussies and made the panties more wetter, they could not help it but danced and danced and hold their urge in. But in seconds they peed themselves wet and peed all over the body of Harley Quinn dampened her clothes. Supergirl then farted and farted and farted and then had a big fart, she then pooped her self as well messing her special panties Lois gave her.

*002*2018-01-22 22:20

I am doing a Wonder Woman Omorashi next

