Desperate Meet Up

Author: BigBear

*000*2020-05-26 14:08

Helen groaned as she reached out to turn the alarm on her phone. As she stopped the loud beeping she smiled as she realised what day it was. She stood up out of bed and walked over to the window. As she pulled the curtains back and the sunlight beamed in her smile got even bigger. She had been looking forward to this for a couple of days and was glad it was a lovely sunny day. Heck she had been looking forward to this for almost two months.

For the last two months she had followed the government's advice and stayed home, isolating herself from other people. The only times she had left her flat had been when she had needed to go to the supermarket. Beyond that her life for the last god knows how many weeks had been spent lounging around in her pyjamas or sitting out in the garden having been furloughed from her job.

At first it hadn’t been too bad, she had found herself plenty of things to do. She still had plenty to keep her occupied but she was really starting to miss work and her workmates, she was missing her friends and family, she just missed social activity. She had been keeping in touch with people on Facebook and video calls but it just wasn’t the same as seeing the people she cared about. The most face to face interaction she had had since going into lock down had been with the cashier at the supermarket.

However today that was going to change. A few days prior the government had laid out their plan going forward in terms of reducing and easing lock down. It was a plan that would gradually unfold over the coming months but one of the new easing of rules was that people were allowed out to public spaces for more than exercise and people were permitted to meet up with one person from other households as long as they maintained social distancing. Not long after the announcement she had gotten a message from her best friend suggesting they meet up at the park where they could have a walk and catch up. She had immediately agreed and they had arranged a day and time to meet up. For the last couple of days Helen had been really looking forward to seeing her friend.

She would have happily stayed standing at her window for a while longer enjoying the warmth on her skin but as per usual when she got out of bed in the morning her bladder was rather full and the bathroom needed to be her first priority. She walked through to the bathroom and stipped out of her pyjama shorts and top before sitting on the toilet and emptying her bladder. Once she had finished her morning pee she jumped in the shower to wash her hair.

When she came back into the bedroom she saw she had a message on her phone. She looked and saw it was from her friend checking whether they were still on for meeting up. She replied saying she would be there and checked the time. She had an hour and half before she met Jenny, plenty of time to get herself sorted. She dried her hair and then picked out her clothes for the day. As it was a warm sunny day she decided on some denim ¾ jeans and a summery blouse.

Once dressed she made her way to the kitchen and made herself some toast and a cup of coffee and flopped on the couch to watch TV whilst she ate. She sat watching TV and relaxing until the time came to set off. She grabbed her things, slipped on her shoes and headed out to her car. As she drove to the park where she was meeting Jenny she was happy to find the roads were still somewhat quiet so her 10 minute drive wouldn’t take too long.

When she arrived at the park she found a parking spot and waited for Jenny to show up. Not long after she saw her friends car driving down the road and she waved and indicated there was a space behind her car. Helen got excited as Jenny got out of her car and had she been able to she would have probably run up and give her a hug. Alas she respected social distancing and settled with a happy wave.

They made their way into the park and slowly walked around the park catching up and enjoying each other's company. They followed the full route around the park, taking in all the park's areas and features and an hour later they arrived back at the tennis courts and bowling greens. As they walked along past the buildings Helen noticed that the cafe was open and suggested they get a drink. Jenny went off and secured them a bench whilst Helen went and got them two cappuccinos and got two slices of cake as a treat.

They sat drinking their coffees and chatting and it felt so good to just sit out in the fresh air, relaxing in the sun with her best friend, almost like everything was normal. As much as she was enjoying it they had been sat there for well over an hour and Helen was aware that she had things she needed to do so said that she needed to think about making a move. Jenny agreed and picked up their empty cups and rubbish and said she would be right back. Helen watched as she walked over to the bin and then walked across to the cafe. She came out again almost immediately and when she got back Helen asked what she was doing. Jenny replied saying she was going to pop in and go for a pee but there was a sign saying due to guidance the toilets were not open which made sense.

Helen nodded, agreeing it was sensible not to have them open. Although hearing that had put paid to her plan to nip off for a wee before leaving. As Jenny had gone off to the bin with their rubbish she had become aware of her need to pee and had planned on popping to the loo when Jenny got back. Now she knew they weren’t open meant she couldn’t do that. Not that it was a massive deal, she needed to pee but not too bad just yet. She was just aware of the fact that she had last gone when she got up and that was nearly four hours ago and since then she had had two cups of coffee and a cappuccino in that time.

They set off and walked out of the park and back towards where they were parked. When they reached their cars they stood chatting for a while. Eventually they wrapped up their conversation and said their goodbyes. Something Helen was happy to do, she loved being with her best friend and loved nothing more than spending hours talking and putting the world to rights but in the time they had been stood there her need to pee had definitely increased, the cappuccino really starting to take effect.

They said their final goodbye and she got into her car and waited for Jenny to drive off before she pulled back and out of her space and set off down the road. Her next destination was the supermarket. She had planned to head there for a few bits of shopping on the way home. It made sense to do it all in one rather than head home and then head out again. She drove down to the main road and then headed down towards the supermarket, now consciously aware of how much her need to pee was growing. She hoped when she got to the supermarket there wouldn’t be much of a queue. Mostly because she didn’t like the thought of standing outside in the sun for too long, but partly because the sooner she got to pee the better.

By the time she pulled into the supermarket car park she was starting to wish she had been able to pee at the park. Even though the toilets were closed she would have no issue popping into the bushes to pee but given how busy the park was and the fact she was with Jenny she thought it best not to do that.

When she got out of the car and started walking towards the store she was glad to see there was only a small queue at the door. She grabbed a trolley and joined the queue and was happy to see it was moving forward quite quickly. As she moved forward nearer to the front she found herself urging people inside to hurry up and leave so she could get in. The coffees were really taking effect on her bladder and she found herself gently shifting on the spot as the familiar pressure built between her legs. Eventually she reached the front of the queue and she stood slightly jiggling on the spot as she waited for one person to leave so she could enter.

“Come on come on come on I’m busting for a pee” she thought to herself as it felt like nobody was ever going to leave.

Finally the young girl at the door motioned her forward and Helen quickly walked inside, after quick stop at the handwash station her first port of call were the toilets. She made her way through the clothes section towards where the toilets were and parked her trolley outside. She walked into the corridor where the bathrooms were and headed to the door marked “ladies”. She pushed on the door and found it locked. She pushed a couple more times to no avail and then tried the disabled toilet which was also locked. She spun round and gave a quick try at the gents door which she found locked as well. As she moved back from the toilets she noticed a sign that on her way in she had walked straight past. The sign read pretty much the same as the one Jenny had described from the cafe stating that due to government guidelines the toilets were closed to keep people safe.

Again it made perfect sense as to the reasoning behind having them closed, but that didn’t matter to her right now, she was busting for a wee and had once again been unable to find relief. There was nothing she could do, it wasn’t like she could pop off to the service desk and asked for the toilets to be opened. She would just have to hold it until she got home, thankfully she didn’t need many things from the shop.

She returned to her trolley and set off around the store. Having come so close to a bathroom but not being able to pee seemed to have made her need even more intense. She just had to focus on the fact that it wouldn’t take her long to do her shopping and get home, she would be fine, she would easily make it home. At least she hoped she would. At least walking around the store and going for the items she needed was somewhat of a distraction for her but every so often the pressure between her legs would spike bringing her focus back to just how full her bladder was getting and how badly she needed a wee.

She completed her shopping and made her way to the checkout. She found a quiet till and joined behind a guy who had just started placing his items on the belt. As she stood waiting for him to finish so she could put her items all she could focus on was the fact that she was bursting for a pee and was getting close to the desperation stage. Once she left the store it would be a five minute drive home, not too far, she could hold on till then.

The guy finished up and she started placing her items on the belt and then stood back, tapping her feet and squeezing her legs, longing to grab between her legs to try and ease the pressure. Once the guy had paid she moved forward and had to focus on packing her items as they came through and then paying for her shopping. Once she had paid and got her receipt she grabbed her trolley and headed quickly for the exit. The sooner she got out of the store and to her car the sooner she could get home and have a much needed pee.

She made her way across the car park and placed her shopping in the boot. Once she got in and sat down she slid a hand between her legs and pressed her fingers into her pussy exclaiming “fuck I need a wee” as she did. It felt good pushing against her pussy, it helped with the intense pressure but she would have to stop doing so to drive home. She moaned as the pressure returned the moment her hand moved away and squeezed her legs as a wave of desperation hit her. She was now there, the desperation stage. The stage where she was really having to hold back, the stage where she was close to leaking, the stage where she was almost wetting herself completely. She needed to get home as quick as she could. She was starting to doubt if she could make it home with completely dry knickers.

She composed herself and pulled out of the parking space. She made her way out of the car park and onto the main road. She felt a little better now that she had picked up a bit of speed. She would be home in a matter of minutes, she would be fine. As she came round the roundabout and joined the road down to her town she was starting to feel more confident, just down the main road and onto her street, just a minute or so, no time at all.

That confidence faltered as she came over the brow of the hill and saw a queue of traffic up ahead. Why? Why was there traffic? It had been so quiet this morning. Why was everyone out now of all times?. She knew why there was traffic there, through the town centre were countless sets of traffic lights that always caused queues to form. She couldn’t understand why it was so busy though. Where was everyone going on a Saturday lunchtime when nothing was even open. What were they doing. Why did they have to be causing queues when she was dying for a wee and dangerously close to wetting herself.

She reached the queue of cars and slowly moved along down the hill, all the while squirming in her seat begging for them to hurry up. After a couple of minutes she was cursing the traffic lights for taking so long between changes. She was cursing herself for not turning off the main road and going down the back streets to her house. Every so often a spike of desperation would hit her causing her to squeeze her legs and hold herself but so far she had been keeping control. Suddenly she gasped aloud as a wave hit her and she felt a few trickles escape into her knickers.

“No no no no no no not now not now” she moaned as she pushed her hand hard into her pussy. She was so close to home, she couldn’t start wetting herself now, she could make it, she had to make it. For the next five minutes she moved along the queue edging closer and closer to her turn off. Each wave of desperation that hit her caused more trickles to dampen her knickers. She looked down and was glad to see so far her jeans were still dry but she could feel how wet her knickers were getting and feeling how wet they were was making it so much harder to keep holding on. But she had to, all she could think about was relaxing and releasing that intense pressure but she couldn’t do that, no matter what she had to hold on, she couldn’t wet her car.

A few more minutes passed and she finally reached her street. She turned off and drove the short distance to her flat and pulled into her driveway, feeling like she was going out of her mind with desperation. She turned off the engine and composed herself. All she had to do was make it inside to the bathroom. It was times like this she was glad she lived in a downstairs flat, she really didn’t think she could handle stairs in her condition.

She got out of her car and headed to her front door, her shopping could wait, her main focus was peeing, all she wanted, all she cared about. As she fished in her bag for her keys she stood dancing on the spot and gasped as she felt herself leak. In the time it took her to find her keys and open the door she had leaked a few times and now she had a noticeable wet spot on the front of her jeans. She went inside and slammed the door behind her. Now she was in the privacy of her own home she grabbed herself hard. She had to make it to the bathroom, she had made it this far, just a few more steps and the relief she so desperately needed.

She took a few steps and started leaking again. No matter how hard she tried she couldn’t stop the leaks coming. Her knickers were soaked and her jeans were starting to fair no better. As she reached the bathroom the sight of the toilet was too much for her to handle and a long spurt escaped and ran down her legs. She frantically fumbled with the button on her jeans, moaning as she did. She finally got it open and slid down her jeans and kicked them off. She made small steps towards the toilet, each one causing her to spurt uncontrollably. She was wetting herself and couldn’t stop it. She no longer cared. She reached the toilet and sat down. The moment she made contact with the toilet she exploded and moaned out in relief as she started peeing forcefully. As her bladder emptied into her knickers she just sat there moaning happily as the pressure lifted and she enjoyed the amazing feeling of peeing.

When she finally finished she looked down at her soaked knickers and laughed. She had made a split second decision that her knickers were already wet so why waste time taking them off. Now she was done she slipped them off and threw them into the bath along with her jeans to be washed.

She remembered her shopping in the car so slipped on her bathrobe to go and retrieve it. Once she had retrieved it and put her shopping away she flopped on the couch to have five minutes to chill before going on with her day. She kept telling herself she needed to go and get some new underwear and something to slip on but she lacked all motivation. Holding for so long had zapped her energy, also her muscles ached. She reached down and rubbed her aching bladder, god that had been a close call. At least she made it home, she couldn’t imagine how embarrassing it would have been if she had wet herself in public. That was something she hadn’t done for years, not since she had been in her 20’s going out partying at the weekend. Now she was almost 50, it would be mortifying if that happened now. She would just have to be more careful next time she went out to meet her friends.

