Planning for a Desperate Beach Experience

Author: beachpeelover

*000*2023-08-15 08:37

Disclaimer: After reading in this forum for months or even years I decided that it finally would be time for my first story. I wrote this story in german and then translated it, so sorry for the bad english. Feel free to leave suggestions for more stories that will hopefully come in the future. Have fun.

Anna was looking forward to the day together with her best friend Alina. Alina had suggested going to the sea together and Anna immediately agreed. Because of traffic jams, the drive went longer than planned, but after two hours they finally arrived. As soon as they stopped at the parking lot, they took their things out of the trunk, walked the last bit to the sea, changed clothes and lay down on their beach towel.

###

Alina had planned the day perfectly to finally fulfill something she had dreamed of for a long time. She packed a lot to drink and offered Anna a big coffee already at the beginning of the trip. And the most important thing: She made sure that the beach was well visited, but there were no toilets and no restaurants or anything like that there. This time Alina wanted to finally see how Anna pees. Yes, she was also looking forward to the day with Anna and their funny or even profound conversations, but Alina's heart started beating harder at the thought that Anna would have to go to the bathroom at some point. The idea had been circling in her head for a long time, even as a teenager she found it exciting when people had to pee urgently. She had also experienced this with Anna a few times, but each time they then found a toilet quite quickly - unfortunately.

###

Anna looked around. They had been lying on their beach towel for a while now and slowly her bladders began to fill, but she couldn't see a toilet or a sign that would point to one. "Alina, I think I'll look for a toilet". Alina replied "Good idea, I have to pee too."

###

Alina had not lied, she actually had to go a bit, but she knew of course that the search for a toilet would be unsuccessful. No problem for Alina, she would just pee in the sea later while swimming. Why Anna didn't do the same Alina didn't know. Anna was always very posh and kept to all the rules, but peeing in the sea really is something almost everyone does. She only hoped that Anna later, when her need becomes more urgent would not think the same.

###

Anna slowly gave up hope of finding a bathroom. They had almost walked from one end of the beach to the other. Well, then she probably had to endure. After all, Alina had to go too, so they were in the same situation and would find a solution together. She briefly thought about what everyone else was doing here on the beach, maybe peeing in the sea? But she didn't like the idea at all.

When she was 18, Anna had her first boyfriend. On one of their dates they were at a lake, also there was no toilet and Anna had to pee. However, she simply peed into the lake there. Her boyfriend apparently noticed this and got really upset about it and said that only small children do that. Since then Anna is afraid that her boyfriend was right and she was the strange one.

###

Alina's heart was beating faster, she was excited and eager to see what would happen. They found no toilet, of course. Anna suggested to go into the sea, Alina did not know what to think about it. But well, to know that it is so urgent that Anna wants to pee in the sea would also be something, so Alina put everything on one card. She asked "Do you want to pee in the sea?" But Anna's answer satisfied Alina: "Eww, no, only little kids do that..." If she knew... But Alina was perfectly fine with that, she was looking forward to seeing how Anna continues to deal with her need.

###

So Anna was right, the way Alina asked she would also find it strange to pee in the sea. She hoped that swimming in the sea would distract her and relax her bladder a bit, by now it was really urgent. If only she had not drunk the large coffee this morning.

###

When they were in the sea and swam Alina let her need free rein. A liberating and somehow exciting feeling here in the water, not far from other people, just to pee without anyone noticing. Anna, on the other hand, did not look relaxed at all, although she played over well how urgent it was with her by frolicking a lot, but Alina noticed very clearly that Anna could hardly stand still and her hand not only wandered by chance again and again to her crotch and plucked at her bikini.

###

Anna slowly did not know what to do. She had to find a solution soon, otherwise there would be an accident. She thought about it and came up with an idea "I think I'll just go to the car and look at my cell phone, my mother wanted to call me today" That was her plan, leave Alina alone at the sea, go to the car and either there or on the way look for a hiding place behind a bush or a dune. But her plan was thwarted....

###

Alina knew immediately what Anna was up to, but of course she couldn't let Anna find a hiding place. "No problem, I'll come with you."

"No, that's really not necessary."

"I'll be glad to do it"

"Alright", Anna tried hard to smile, but Alina could tell she really wished she could pee secretly.

###

Anna did everything to make the pressure somehow bearable, but it didn't help. Since they came out of the water, Anna had to pee even more urgently, she couldn't stand still, kept grabbing her crotch and bending forward. Walking to the car was torture. Why did Alina have to come along at all costs? It all helped nothing, Anna had to pee - and she had to pee now. She mustered up all her courage "Hey Alina, I really have to pee now, I can't take it much longer. Wait here, I'll go back there a bit into the dunes."

###

Alina's whole body was shaking, she was so close to her goal. She thought about it for a moment, Anna was so busy with herself that she probably wouldn't notice if Alina secretly followed her, but then she came up with a better idea. "Good that you say it, I also have to go really urgently. Do you mind if I come with you, I don't know if I can wait until you get back?" That was a lie of course, after all she had just peed in the ocean a few minutes ago, but it was the perfect excuse to follow Anna.

###

Yes, I do mind, I can't pee in the sand in front of my best friend... Anna thought. But if Alina was in the same situation as her, she couldn't forbid her to copy her solution, so she said: "Yes, come on, let's go quickly" At the thought that she had to pee next to Alina, Anna got nervous. She has never peed in front of anyone before, let alone her best friend. But she just didn't know what else to do, and Alina would definitely focus on herself and have similar thoughts.

###

Alina's body shook, she felt her bikini panties getting wet and her belly tingling. Only 5 more minutes until they were behind the dune.

###

They would need another endless 5 minutes, Anna estimated. She didn't care if Alina realized how urgent it was. She had her hand constantly in her crotch, sometimes even in her panties to be able to exert even better pressure. Suddenly she felt a small stream making its way. She squeezed as hard as she could, but her hand became warm and wet. She quickly wiped it on her leg, hopefully Alina hadn't seen anything.

###

She wasn't sure, but Alina thought she saw a few drops running down Anna's leg. She was more excited than she had ever been in her life.

###

They arrived, Anna couldn't think straight, she didn't care what Alina thought, she only had one goal left. She pulled down her bikini and while she was still squatting down it already shot out of her. She peed for what felt like an eternity. When her head slowly came back to the here and now she felt how relieved she was, but also how uncomfortable it all was. Her head turned bright red, but she kept peeing.

###

Alina watched exactly what would happen. Her tension was almost unbearable, she felt like she was about to explode. Anna didn't seem to have much experience in peeing outside. She squatted down so that she sat with her butt on the floor and her stream shot out of her in a high arc. Alina had to keep up her lie of course and squatted down next to Anna. Anna pissed for a while and Alina enjoyed every moment. For her the day was a complete success.

