The Desperation of The Tomb Raider

Author: Batman007

*000*2020-05-16 22:40

Hey guys my name is Lara Croft, I’m a famous adventurer and explorer. Now I’ll be telling you the side of the story you don’t get to see usually. These stories will portray my naughty side that I like to hide away and I think it’s time to let it out.

Two years ago I found this tomb that claims it has the key to Atlantis, yes the lost city of Atlantis. When I walked inside I could feel the cave getting hotter, I was sweating so much and after stopping to breathe. I accidentally leaned back and broke the wall and it revealed to be a pool of lava, no wonder why it was so hot. I continued on, but it was no use the heat of lava made me not concentrate properly as I almost fell down a cliff, so what I did was I stripped completely nude and it helped so much.

I felt so much better, I could concentrate better on the objective and after walking on the edge of the cliff I really had to spend a penny (this usually happens when I over hydrate myself). I’ve never been a fan of tinkling in ancient tombs and that’s the reason why I love wearing nappies and I wear them because I’ve got such a weak bladder.

Now this hasn’t been a good friend to me because usually when I have to hide somewhere my stupid bladder likes to empty there and I cannot forget the time when I had to crap so badly and I fart giving away my position and the I shat myself tied up. So I soldiered on, I walked past countless traps and booby traps, I could feel it growing and I could feel how desperate I needed to powder my nose.

In a few seconds I made it to the main room where the key was stored, as I walked slowly towards it a wave of desperation struck me, I knew I wouldn’t make it and there is no way I’m putting my nappy back on because I was intrigued for some reason to pee in an ancient tomb for the second time. You’ll probably be wondering what happened the first time, well what really happened was... On my first expedition I drank too much water that I really, really had to go and then couldn’t hold it in any longer and I wet my cargo pants.

So I grabbed the key and nothing happened after taking it and I definitely could not bare it anymore, so I bend down and popped a squat and weed in seconds. Also something you should know about me is that this is my fetish, I love to purposely hold it in longer and I extremely love it when I can’t hold anymore back. Then all I remember afterwards is hearing a big WHACK! and then waking up in a camp, I knocked unconscious and I woke up in bondages and I didn’t finish emptying my bladder!

I was fidgeting so much as I could even squeeze my bladder (a trick I find helps hold it in better) because of chains that covers my naked exposed pussy and there’s no way of taking it off by just yourself. I guy came in shortly after that and already peeked inside my bag as he started name calling me “diaper girl”, now these guys know my secrets.

Now I see this guy looks up at me and I can spot a boner, I then seduce him to come closer and force him to take off the chains, but he didn’t want to and I got so fed up with him. But then I hear a dripping noise and I realised that I’m weeing, he then take it off for me then and then I realised that he is wearing a mask and he takes it off and it’s my good friend Jonah, who is usually my hero when I’m a damsel in distress.

To Be Continued...

*001*2020-05-23 22:12

“I’m free! He saved me. I was so happy at this moment, I was so happy that I’m not staying here being some slave to whoever is the leader. We left the tent that I was in and Jonah and I pretended that he was transporting me to somewhere else, not let me escape. Jonah told me that these guys have been looking for me, he tells me that a mysterious man that comes to the door of Croft Mansion and requesting to know where I am and he said its recurring.

But, when we thought that the plan was working, we got caught. A tall muscular man in a uniform that matched those of the military spotted us and wanted to know what’s going on, my best friend knocked on conscious and proceeded to get away.

We continue walking and we spot the helicopter my rescuer came in, but it’s under the bad guys’ territory and the only way to win it back is in a gunfight. I follow after him and just then they spot us and they say “Hey, you shouldn’t be here”, in all of a sudden my hero pulls out his gun and kills them all, it was such a spectacle, but it wasn’t that quick like how I said it, it was much slower and more action paced. We got into the helicopter and I didn’t have an urge to wee, I was completely dry and that was a good thing.

I can still vividly recall the time where I was desperate to go while on a helicopter and I remember not making it and me getting so embarrassed by it and that’s why all our newer explorations are by boat, because there’s actually a toilet on it. This time I didn’t have any urge to go on the flight and didn’t need to go throughout the trip back to London, when we finally arrived at London and put the vehicle back into my father’s hangar.

I first got dressed back into my clothes, then when we got off and I felt I needed to go, but I kept to my normal habits and spoke nothing to him. When we entered into the house I saw the bathroom, but I chose to hold it in, I love to my urge in and I love doing at night especially when I have to sleep, because I love wetting the bed.

From what you are reading you’ll find out that the Lara Croft you think you know isn’t the same as the real Lara. Just then the doorbell rang, the person I love the most went to open the door and a very tall man in a suit was standing there and he opened his mouth and spoke with a thick American accent and asked where’s Lara, Jonah told them that I’m inside and let them inside, now while we all were inside, we all walked to the living room where we could talk.

Now sitting down he spoke and said “Lara Croft, our American research team have lost contact with our top adventurer and we want you to look for him and help him complete his mission.” I was getting so desperate to pee I had to force myself not to fidget, so I asked him what was his expedition and the man said “He was tasked with finding the legendary city of Kitezh, which he believed was located in Siberia.”

He gave me a big lecture about what this guy that I have to rescue found about the legend of Kitezh and he barely found anything, except a secret cave that has the key to take you there, but as the man said he lost contact with them and haven’t found anything else.

By the time, he finished my bladder was almost on verge of reaching to the capacity where I can’t hold anymore in and on the verge of an accident. The guy was finished and started to leave, she waited for him to not be in view of her and then when he wasn’t she ran towards the bathroom near the hangar.

She was so relieved that she could go, but then she remembered that when it caught on fire the plumber who fixed the bathrooms forgot to properly fix this one and by sheer feeling of her own words made her start to leak. A little stain was on her cargo pants and she existed out of there and ran towards the tiny bathroom under the stairs. The house was full with bathrooms, but I knew that I would make it if I tried every single one here.

I made it to the small bathroom under the stairs, but I was now on the verge of letting go and I didn’t want that to happen at all, so I opened the doorknob and then I felt myself let out more, I slammed the door shut and proceeded to take off my belt, it was unbuckled now and I then unzip the cargo pants and started pulling them down to my knees.

I walked closer to the loo, I was so desperate and when I had to pull my panties down, I had to stop myself of sweet relief. But, it was no use even thinking of something different gave me the same feeling, I felt my muscles starting to let go and then I start peeing in my panties.

I now had to face the consequence of holding it for that long and I sit down and empty the full load into my panties while sitting on the toilet, it took so damn long, but every drop felt so refreshing.

After my long pee, I went to bed and found my boyfriend (Jonah) waiting for me there with two bottles of water with him. I exactly knew what he wanted, so I stripped down and climbed into the bed with him and had sex together and it was so beautiful and after that he forced me to drink two bottles of water and then we fell asleep.

To Be Continued...

*002*2020-05-30 21:33

“Now in the morning, I wake up desperately needing to go, but I’m still very tired from yesterday. But I didn’t want a wet bed so I got up, I walked closer and closer to the bathroom, but to my amazement it was occupied. My bladder was aching so much from it extending its limit, I really didn’t think I could hold it for much longer because with every hold I’d do it’ll feel like I’m getting pricked with a knife.

There was no denial that I had to go, I was getting so sick and tired of waiting for Jonah, so I knocked on the door saying Jonah please hurry up I really need to wee. There was no absolute way that I’ll go running to all the loos in the mansion, but then all of a sudden I remembered a bathroom at the back of my father’s study and his study was just the room on the left.

I’ve made my mind up that I’ll use my father’s private bathroom, so you guys know what happened? It’s ok if you guys don’t, well I’m very intrigued in my father’s work.

So this is what happened I walked inside and then I decided that my father would maybe have a map to Kitezh, I searched and searched for this darn map or whatever he documented, but at the same time my bladder was getting fuller.

Finally I find his journal and then I start reading, but then trying to flip to the page, now there is one major thing that you guys should know about me is that normal me and desperate me aren’t the same because when I’m desperate I somehow become very dumb as if my bladder wants me to have an accident. I’ve found the page, I start reading it.

Now guys can you believe that I’m reading my father life while desperate to pee and here’s where my dumbness shines out I could be reading this while on the toilet, but no I’m reading it while I could burst in any second.

I felt a leak escape me as it falls on the floor, I read more and then finally I come across his map to Kitezh, I was overjoyed. It did cost though as I felt myself almost freely peeing on the floor, at the moment I could literally just explode.

I ran as fast I could to the loo at the back, my bladder felt tired and I could feel that it wanted to let go, but I don’t want that. I gripped my pussy and placed a finger under my clit and embarrassedly felt squirts of piss coming out.

I quickly held it tighter and knew that I could literally just explode soon and I sure did not want that to happen, I got to the door and I carefully opened it while holding back the flood gates.

I walked inside and I knew I was going to burst if I take my hands off, so I didn’t even close the bathroom door and immediately sat down on the loo and in a matter of seconds my volcano erupted.

My hot golden piss shot out like never before much more hotter, more yellow and longer. I spent a full hour peeing, but it was the greatest day of my life! I spent the majority eating breakfast and then getting dressed and off to save this guy.

To Be Continued...

*003*2020-06-06 23:13

I noticed that Jonah wasn’t present with me, so I looked for him. Have a guess where he was? Well he was still in the bathroom, I was so worried. I knocked on the door -no answer, I asked again still no answer and then I tried speaking to him pretending I needed a wee to turn him on, but still no answer. I walked back to my father’s study and then ran up towards the bathroom door, with ease the door broke and there I find him. He’s still sitting on the loo with his private parts exposed and then I noticed a tranquilliser dart stuck to his neck, I knew he wasn’t dead because the tranquilliser dart was only a sleeping dart, but they take a long time to wear off.

I really have to help find this guy in Siberia, but waiting for the affects of Jonah to die away will take too long as much as I love him, I have to abandon him for my quest. I spent a few minutes fighting with myself about staying or leaving, but in the end I made the right decision (I chose to leave and start my quest alone). When I reached the hanger and started up the helicopter it felt very weird not having a co-pilot and it was also my first solo mission, now imagine what I can do on my own. I started laughing so hard that I had an idea...

I put on autopilot and looked if there was water at the back in the tiny fridge and there was. I take all of it and walk back to sit on the co-pilot seat and pretend to get desperate for an non existing Jonah, the very thought of it turned me on because I love getting desperate for him and purposely wetting myself to please him, but I do it because it pleases me as well. I start drinking all the bottles of water, which was 21 in total and when I reached 20 I was so ready to explode.

I stopped holding on and in seconds I started to pee, a hot golden stream ascending from my pussy shot out like a waterfall and I couldn’t believe how naughty I was. Now I forgot to mention that I purposely got undressed to be naughty because I stupidly forgot to bring my change of diapers with me and so I didn’t want me to go in my knickers.

Some time later I arrived at the destination (Siberia) and before leaving I checked if there was a packet of diapers in the back, turns out there was but I thought that I should go without them today. I get off and find out the only way to go is up, I race back to put on my snow gear and get my climbing gear.

Now that I’m done I can climb up, but before I do it I wonder what about the helicopter I was so stupid to forget that. I get back in and fly up in a matter of seconds I reach the top and see what next and I can see the entrances to the cave so I climb up now. After a lengthy climb up, where I constantly had a lot of almost dying... I made it up!

I walk into the cave and my journey begins. There was no boobytrap door as that is a common trend that I’ve found out throughout my different adventures, strangely those men never gave me a name to this lead I’m going to rescue, I hope nothing is fishy I told myself. I get to a bridge that looks very unstable as many pieces from it is gone, I carefully go along it trying not to make a mistake.

The constant stress is now making me scared and there we go I miss it and I’m now scared shitless holding onto the plank of wood that I was supposed to put my foot on. I look down and see a big abyss and I don’t want to die! All of a sudden my bladder decides to go, I did drink so much orange juice this morning to play with to please Jonah and all that water I just drank probably an hour ago.

So there I am scared shitless, needing to pee and not wanting to die, I’ve just worked out a plan and hopefully it fucking works! I walk under it and climb up to put me back on my feet, so I try it I’m going so good and then I almost fell of the cliff because I didn’t time my long distance jump that good and I’m clinging onto dear life with an urge to go to the loo. I push myself up and there I’ve made it, I’ve never been that scared in my life before and I venture forth.

One important thing that is a big priority is that I really really have to pee and I can feel myself about to breakdown and cry because of my urgency. I can’t stress it anymore I really have to pee and I can only go in my clothes because I have a pet hate of going to the loo in a thousand or even older year cave and could be damaging valuable artefacts. Mainly because fucking hate damaging someone else’s property, I continue walking until I reach the end and when I do I find a radio lying in the middle of the ground.

I must be very warm I said to myself without realising I said warm it kickstarted my bladder and was a mistake that will later haunt me. After I spotted the radio I decided to check what is down that tunnel and I found myself in a Soviet-era installed base. Then I spot a man tied up and I immediately got to free him but at the same moment my bladder is telling me that I have just pasted my limit, I’m almost at the verge of having an accident.

I take off the mask and begin to talk saying what’s your name and quickly I get a reply “My name is Alex West and you must be Lara Croft daughter of Richard Croft.” I replied yes that’s right I was sent by these two men in suits to find you, “Lara it’s not safe here Trinity operates this area!” Trinity, but I stopped Trinity long ago, I even killed the leader. “Lara, Trinity is now run by Pedro Dominguez a real mad man if you asked me. He tried to threaten me by throwing me off the cliff if I don’t tell him what I’m doing here.”

By the time he finish I started to become obvious that I had to pee as I was sort of shaking my legs to much and he even asked him if I was alright. I was so unprepared for this and I just told him the truth. I felt good exposing myself and just then I fell this hand on my shoulder and I got such a fright that I leaked a bit in my knickers. It was a middle aged man with dark brown eyes and salt and pepper hair, must be Dominguez. I was really scared of him by just his presence and by the words of Alex, being scared wasn’t good at the moment.

He came closer to me and this was making me uncomfortable I tried my best to hold it back without him or nobody seeing me needing to go. The closer he got the more I got scared, he began saying “You must be the famous Lara Croft.” And the proceeded to touch me on the face, on my neck and my boobs. I got so scared by him weirdly touching me that I did it. My dam broke up as my cargo pants start becoming saturated and I couldn’t believe I just powered myself.

Dominguez laughed at me as I embarrassed myself in front of everyone. When my flood was reduced to a tinkle I looked up at him and he gave me a very creepy smile and shouted “TAKE THEM TO THE GULAGS!!! As he said this his guards responded with “yes sir” and start pulling us up by our arms. When we were up Dominguez spoke again and said “GUARDS, STRIP THE WOMAN BEFORE SHE GOES IN!!!!”

And the same remark was said, we were the taken to the Gulags and they put Alex in already and now they had to strip me. They first searched me and took my guns and climbing gear away, then took of my coat, then my wet cargo pants, then my t-shirt and at the same time my bra and panties. Then they put me inside and left, the rescue mission so happened to fail and the two great tomb raiders were trapped by Trinity and now we just needed a miracle to break free of this.

To Be Continued...

*004*2020-06-13 20:00

“I was starting not to like this usually l love being naked, but not today. It was starting to get really cold and memories flowed back to me from my time in Siberia (not very good memories). I remember I ran out of diapers and went commando for the rest of the journey. Now onto the story, I was in a very huge snow storm and I desperately need to shit so fucking bad. Then the leader of Trinity (Constantine) caught up and created a gigantic avalanche. I ran like hell trying to outrun that and I was in view of cave, I was so fucking pleased, but I could feel my body was starting to not hold it in for any longer. I was just about there were slipped and fell face first into the snow, all I remember is then my body gave up and I started forcefully defecating myself.

When I woke up next the whole back of my snow pants was stained so bad, but I have been in more serious accidents already. I snapped out the memory and back into reality, I was cold stiff and then a guard came towards me. I was scared shitless, I hope he not going to attack me or hurt me. With all this suspense rising he comes to me and shows me this pill in his hand and forced me to have it, so I chose to do so or he’ll probably do something not nice to me.

Nothing happened, I was completely normal, I did not question him and I think I chose the right choice. As soon as he left the leader came back and told me everything, he told that the pill was a drug for him to control my body. Without thinking I knew this wouldn’t sound right and then I froze like a robot being reprogrammed, he took me over and all I remember is him commanding me to drink his whole water bottle, as soon as I was done in a matter of seconds I had to go again.

He then commands me to release it, without a second thought I was going to. He got his guard to come out and he had this camera in his hands and I knew I was going to humiliate myself. He got the camera on and started to record me and hi wish came true, a hot golden stream of piss leaks from my axe wound and he laughs. I finish and he stops the recording , he then says “Lara the plan is for you to recover the map of the whereabouts of Atlantis to me or if you don’t succeed then I’ll post that video online so that everyone can see and find out your dirty little secret.”

Without any doubts I get up and accept the mission, I then ask about being suited up in my clothes again with my equipment, but he disagrees and wants this to be my hardest tomb raid.

To Be Continued...

*005*2020-06-20 21:08

This guy sure was right about it being hard. As Alex and I was in a very dark cave and we had a flashlight that was about to die in any moment. I took a wrong step and I almost fell to my death, I managed to grip myself back up, however I was feeling a slight urge coming on.

Now remember I'm totally naked and it's so fucking cold in the cave, but not only am I cold but I'm becoming more and more desperate to pee. After a long walk to get to the other side, my bladder is getting fuller and fuller by the moment.

There it is the map of Atlantis, we've got it! I slowly walk up to take it and luckily there was no booby traps. We then made our way back to the entrance, but as soon as we started walking I was getting so desperate to pee!

It was so painful walking back because I really needed to go, my bladder was stretch out of it's limit and it was starting to hurt me so much. As soon as we reached the bottom, I'll probably explode or not, I really fucking needed to pee so badly then!

We we reached the end my speculations were right I fell like I was gonna to explode in any moment and I needed to find somewhere to go before I humiliate myself for the enemy. I gave him the map and he put us back in chains and I'm so happy that he's not gonna expose my dirty secret on the internet.

We get sent back to the Gulags and I have this well thought plan that could help me to go when no one is watching. I wait until all the guards have disappeared and now was the best time to strike. I hopped over to the other side and I bent over, it flowed in seconds my hotest stream was so warm that I could help to moan a bit. As the rest was coming out I wondered how's Jonah?

To Be Continued...

*006*2020-06-27 21:17

“After my long pee I walked back to sit with Alex and I couldn’t stop thinking about Jonah. I hoped he could show up soon and save the day, but I don’t know if that’s going to happen. Dominguez was slowly approaching, I was getting so scared when looking at him I thought I was gonna fear wet myself. I couldn’t stop thinking about it over and over, I don’t know how many times my brain played that, but I was now dead certain I was going to humiliate myself again.

A small stream shot out, when he was just inches from me and I know these no use in defining it, but it is inevitably going to occur. He was very close to us now, I battled to hold it in, but my fear started to take over and in no time to loose..... It happened! A big golden stream sprouted out, it was the most hottest pee I ever done, but I wished I had clothes on though. To me wetting yourself doesn’t feel the same when you naked, it feels much naughtier.

So after my embarrassment ended, Dominguez ordered his guards to take us out of the gulag and to move us out of the cave and to freeze to death outside. I was scared because I thought that I was going to die because I’m still naked and I don’t think they’ll put my clothes back on me for this.

They grabbed us by the arms to pull us up and while we were up on our feets, they command us to follow them as we started to walk out of here. I looked around no Jonah I really wish he could save me, but if he can’t I’ll do it myself. We made our way passed all the dangerous traps and death defying sequences, in a matter of seconds we were out. I couldn’t wait any longer for Jonah I had to take matters into my own hands, I pretended to flirt with the guards to come to me so I could kill them and they did.

You know every mission I’ve done, I always do this trick when I’m caught and I do it because I found out that men are so predictable when I do this and I don’t blame them. I mean seeing a 23 year old girl with beautiful long flowing brown hair, huge breasts, meaty thighs and a big fat juicy ass - of course men would be attracted to that, I would if I was a man.

They came closer and closer, I grabbed them by the arm and threw them off the mountain, until I could only see Alex. I then collapsed! Alex freaked out thinking I died, but he knew I didn’t when checked my temperature. He took off his warmer jacket and placed over me and then hours later I saw a man exit the cave, it was Jonah.

He said “Lara I was trying to find you but I got lost inside the cave, but I managed to snatch this back.” He held my snow gear clothes in my hands and took off Alex’s coat and Jonah got a fright when seeing I was naked. I grabbed the clothes off him and put it on again, I was absolutely delighted to see him back.

“Alright Lara were is the next part of the mission? I replied by saying I don’t know Jonah, but thank God that Alex knew were Trinity was heading next, “Trinity is going to Greece, they think there is a clue there.” We all climbed down and raced back into the helicopters and I was with Alex, alone can you imagine the fun in that?”

To Be Continued...

*008*2020-07-17 04:24

{{1 hour ago, diokno44x said:

This was excellently well written

}}

Thank you I am considering finishing the story some time soon and I hope you will love the way it ends

