David’s Bedwetting Fantasy

Author: bdp

*000*2022-04-19 03:20

David started to wake. He lazily cracks his heavy tired eyes. The promise of more sleep is warm and inviting with Dani nestled up against his body, one of her legs draped over his crotch crossing his lower body. He lightly stretches the arm that isn’t pinned under Dani’s pillow, takes a slow deep breath and exhales through his nose, ready to drift back into a deep sleep. Just as he was about to doze off a hot trickling sensation against his hip caught his attention. His eyes snap open! It was happening! It was finally happening! He was witnessing a genuine bedwetting!

David has had a pee fetish for as long as he can remember but hasn’t been able to bring himself to tell Dani in their 7 months together. She is the first girl he’s actually been serious about in years and he just couldn’t take the idea of her possibly rejecting his greatest fantasy. The truth is he’s never been brave enough to bring it up with anyone except a couple guy friends while drunkenly discussing porn preferences. Even then they didn’t know how deep this obsession goes for him. It is the only category of porn he can really get off to. There is something so primal and sexy about the loss of control and the mess it leaves behind.

David feels his dick stiffen as Dani’s stream starts to hiss and burble under the covers. He is now so hard his erection almost hurts. The head of his cock is starting to peek out of his waistband. In this moment he is completely torn. Should he wake her? Surely this is going to be an embarrassing moment for Dani even if he didn’t care. Her pee was starting to pool a little bit between their bodies as she continued to slowly soak her grey panties. David could feel his quickened heartbeat in his erection.

Knowing it was the right thing to do David turns his body toward Dani to gently nudge her awake. The pee that has collected between them starts to soak into his shirt as the weight on the mattress shifts. He brushes her shoulder lightly with the back of his hand. Dani moans sleepily in a playful disappointed tone and she starts to realize something isn’t right. Her eyes jolt open and 3 hard long jets of pee splash right into David’s crotch. His entire body starts to buzz with excitement and a familiar feeling begins to take hold. David was about to cum. He hadn’t even touched himself but there was no mistaking it. Those three jets of pee have brought him to the moment of no return.

Dani quickly props herself up on one arm and surveys the wet patch of pooled urine between them. Her face turns a bright shade of red, her voice shaking “Oh my god! No no no. I am so sorry babe I don’t know what’s wrong with me!”

At this point David is clenching every muscle in his abdomen and pelvic floor just trying not to cum. His beautiful girlfriend is in distress and he can’t say a word because he is having some sort sick involuntary enjoyment of it. It takes all of his strength but he manages to say “Don’t worry babe we can just clean it up.” Dani jumps out of the bed her hand wiping away the pee glistening on her thighs, the soaked fabric of her panties sticking to her crotch showing the soft outline of her pussy lips.

She quickly ducks out of the bedroom with one hand jammed in her crotch muttering to herself “Fuck, fuck fuck.” Five quick steps and she is in the hallway bathroom, she yanks her soaked panties down to her ankles and they slop loudly against the tile as she starts to unleash a torrent of pee into the toilet. At this point David is sweating gripping the bed for dear life. The sound of Dani’s strong desperate stream plunging into the water in the next room was too much! He pursed his lips tightly to hold back any moans as he started to ejaculate forcefully into his pants and up his stomach. He let out a few heaving breaths with the last of his orgasmic shudders and relaxed into the warm puddle on the bed. 

*001*2022-04-19 05:54

Part 2:

David was left panting, eyes shut, enjoying the afterglow of orgasm. He hears Dani shuffle into the room but it seems distant. He opens his eyes to Dani walking through the doorway looking toward the floor, naked from the waist down vigorously toweling off her lower half. “I am seriously so sorry. I haven’t wet the bed since I was a kid.”

She presses the towel against her vagina to soak up any last bits of pee “I’ll ge—“ she trails off as she looks up to see David still laying in the pee soaked bed.

David quickly sits up and swings his legs over the side of the bed “Seriously it’s not a big deal. These things happen. We’ll get cleaned up.” He says, trying to play it cool.

Dani looks at him a little puzzled “Doesn’t it gross you out that you are covered in my pee right now?”

“No not really. It’s just pee” David replies, he tries to stand up but as he does he realizes he still has a very obvious erection and immediately sits back down.

Dani notices and furrows her brow in thought, trying to register what is happening. After a brief moment of silence she raises a hand in front of her mouth to hide a small smile, trying not to giggle. “OH MY GOD, You are turned on by this aren’t you? Seeing me piss actually got you hard?” David feels his face flush, he sheepishly nods. She walks over to him and straddles him with her bare pussy grinding against the crotch of his shorts.

She starts to pull up his shirt and sees the evidence of his orgasm all over his stomach. “Oh my god baby you CAME!!? Jesus, you came so much!” “Do you still have enough to fuck me?” David nods, she kisses him deeply as they lean back and move to the middle of the bed. The now cold piss puddle directly beneath them.

She yanks his shorts down and grinds her pussy against his cock in a circular motion as she takes off her shirt revealing her gorgeous thick body with her perfect C cup breasts. Dani gives a mischievous grin and says “I think I still have some pee left.” David feels his cock pulse with excitement. Dani backs up a bit and strokes his dick with her hand a few times and while she holds him Dani lifts up and starts to pee over him while jerking his cock slowly.

Even as gentle as she was being David was starting to feel that body buzz again. He grips her meaty hips and groans “Oh my god! I’m about to cum baby. I’m about to cum!” The last of her piss sloshes over the head of his penis as Dani quickly slips it into her pussy. She didn’t even have to move. As soon as he felt her silky pussy walls envelop him it was over. David moaned as he instantly came inside her.

*003*2022-08-28 06:22

{{On 8/21/2022 at 8:18 PM, dunnetahl said:

I absolutely loved both of these. Bookmarked into my favourites. I can't believe no one else commented. I especially love the descriptions of David's orgasms, his inability to hold back his cum, his erect penis and his excitement. Just fantastic. I hope to come across more of your writings. =D

}}

That is so nice. Thank you! I will write something new soon!

*006*2022-09-27 03:22

PART 3: Dani's Surprise

Dani was just getting out of work for the day. As she walked down the hallway she felt a sharp pang in her bladder. Even so, she walked past the restrooms in a quick determined fashion. She would not give in. Not yet. It had been about a week or so since she discovered David’s fetish. Since then she has had lots of fun letting him watch her pee in the morning or peeing on him in the shower occasionally, but he had confided in her that desperation is one of the primary things that gets him off. She had it all planned out. Tonight she would surprise him by arriving at home completely desperate to pee.

She only allowed herself her typical morning pee and a short release around lunch time just to relieve the pressure a bit. For last few hours of her shift she made sure to drink an obscene amount of water and coffee. By the time she got home she wanted to be as close to a true accident as possible.

She could tell her vision was a bit altered as she got out to the parking lot. The coffee must be hitting pretty hard.

She ducked down to get in the car and winced as she bent her legs and hunched over her overfilled bladder. She clicked the seatbelt over her waist and felt the need to place her hand over her crotch. She pressed a finger gently against her pee hole over her grey slacks. Things were starting to get a bit desperate. “Good” she thought to herself as she pulled out of the parking lot.

The thought of David’s reaction to a surprise accident had definitely got her juices flowing. She could tell she was a bit wet with anticipation. She had been driving for about 20 minutes and her need was growing, her bladder hard as a rock, even painful at this point. Dani put on the brakes as she approached a red light. The seatbelt pressed into her with the gentle jolt of the car coming to a stop. She had started to sweat, her hand jammed tight against her pussy, her breathing heavy. Her thoughts began to race “Oh fuck, fuck FUCK I have to pee so bad. I don’t know if I can make it. What was I thinking? Why didn’t I let just a little go before I left. I feel like I am about to explode!”

The light turned green and a steady resolve washed over Dani’s face.

“You can hold it. You can do this. Just 10 more minutes. You can hold for 10 more minutes.”

With her newfound determination she pressed on. David’s place was a bit out of the way . He lived out near a wildlife preserve and at a certain point in the drive the store fronts and gas stations start to fade away replaced with nothing but dense woods on either side of the road. Dani was now in the thick of it there was no option now she HAD to make it to his place. She was so close. Minutes away now. Her tired pelvic floor muscles were starting to tremble. Her ass hovered a few inches above the seat so she could tense her entire lower body. She was on the edge of losing control.

As she rounded the corner her face filled with panic. There was a detour. A storm had knocked over some trees on to the road. A detour would easily add at least 10 minutes to the drive. Tears started to stream down her face which was now beet red. She wasn’t going to make it! As she took the turn her bladder spasmed HARD. It felt as if it were trying to flatten itself. A small trickle of pee dampened her panties. She was lucky that was all that escaped. The next spasm surely wouldn’t be so light. Up ahead she spotted a small gravel parking lot for one of the many trails in the area.

She yanked the wheel and swerved into the parking lot. She threw the car into park and in the same motion lifted her hand from her crotch to unbuckle herself. As soon as her hand left a warmth started to spread across her crotch. She wrenched open the door and used it as a crutch to help her stand. She couldn’t even stand up straight with her overfilled rock of a bladder threatening to tear her in half if she did. Hunched over she threw herself off the door toward the opening of the trail. Pee started to trickle down her legs. About 2 feet in to the trail there was a patch of soft grass with some tree cover.

Dani stumbled over to the patch of grass and as a loud jet of pee hissed into her pants and down her leg she fell forward on to her hands and knees. Once she got to her knees it was all over. The flood gates opened. She almost lost balance as the sheer force of her piss shocked her. She spread her knees apart to stabilize her self as it rushed out of her hissing and frothing through her pants. Dani moaned like an animal letting out deep guttural sounds relief. Her breaths quick and shallow.

The relief was orgasmic. She was tingly all over. She slipped her hand into her pants. Still pissing strongly over her hand and began to masturbate. She wasn’t just wet with piss and she knew this wouldn’t take long. With a shudder she squirted her last jets of piss over her hand and within a few short minutes she was cumming HARD. She let out a gasp and the arm that was propping her up gave way, her legs straightened, her face in the grass, hand still resting against her warm throbbing pussy. She rolled over with a satisfied sigh and slid her soaking wet hand out of her pants to rest on her stomach.

Dani's night didn't go as expected but she knew this was the start of something truly special. 
