The Witcher Desperation - Triss's Desperate Morning

Author: Bangarang

*000*2020-09-25 16:54

Some time ago I began working on a series of desperation stories based on the lovely ladies from the world of The Witcher, this is the most recent episode in that! I can only hope it was worth the wait, as I know it has taken a while between each part. Before I begin, a few notes, firstly, I previously stated that Yennefer was next to be the subject, however as the story has flowed, it makes more sense for this to take place first, but don't worry she'll get her turn! Secondly, this one is a little 'hornier' than the others, its not the full focus by any means but it is there, so if that's not your thing, be warned and feel free to skip those parts. Now, on with the show!

###

As the red haired sorceress commonly known as Triss Merigold awoke with a yawn and a stretch she became aware of two things.

One, she had had more than her fair share of ale and wine last night, and two, that she was not alone in the room.

A moment of tension passed as she stared across the room, wondering who was in the other bed by the window. To her relief, as the sleeping figure turned slightly the blanket fell away to a different position revealing that it was only her dear friend and fellow sorceress Yennefer who had taken the spare bed in her chambers here at Kaer Morhen.

Triss sighed, comfortable again as she lay back into the soft bed, relaxing momentarily.

Unfortunately for Triss, her comfort only lasted for a moment as she realised her body was firmly requesting the two things she usually started her day with. Those two things being, in no uncertain terms, a wee and a wank.

Well, a wank was out of the question, Triss thought to herself, she couldn’t do that with someone else in her room, especially not Yen. She would just have to hold off until she could get some privacy later, as hard as that would be. A wee on the other hand was more possible, but in her tired and hungover state rising from her bed and making the long trek to the privy was also undesirable, at least for now. There was possibly a chamber pot somewhere in the room, but she did not yet have the strength to search for one, and even if she did, she couldn’t use it in front of Yen, sleeping or not!

Triss shook her head to try and clear such thoughts from her mind and to fall back to sleep, but it was no use. I’ve spoilt myself back home, she realised, weeing and wanking every morning and now my body wants both, urgently. She tried, and failed to stop visions arising, of herself back in her private chambers at home, her toes curling and moaning aloud as her fingers danced around inside her underclothes as she brought herself over the edge of ecstasy again and again, and of herself taking her many morning pisses, some more urgent and fiercer than others, but all deliciously relieving and highly pleasant feeling.

Shaking her head once more, Triss lay back and cast a simple relaxation cantrip on herself, nothing too strenuous or dangerous, just enough to comfort her back to sleep…

Triss’s sleep was not as relaxing as she had hoped however, filled with dreams related to her body’s needs in the waking world.

One moment she found herself back in her private chambers, mounting one of her favourite courtiers. She slid him into her, and bounced upon his hardness, her round large rear jiggling furiously as she relished in the feeling until she was about to scream in release, until suddenly that vision was snatched from her to be replaced by another of a less pleasant nature.

In this one she found herself rushing through a crowded busy town, desperately searching for somewhere, anywhere that she could release her waters. She hurried towards a privy behind an inn, but found a line of 50 similarly desperate women wriggling and bouncing on the spot. Knowing there was no way she could last that long Triss turned away and she hurried down an alley, only to be greeted by a line of men and women already relieving themselves in every available spot.

Crossing one leg over the other as tightly as she could, her firm ass wiggling from side to side, Triss scanned the alley hoping to find a vacant spot, but there was no luck to be had. Every time she thought she saw somewhere free, another person immediately took it and began weeing a flood.

Here a busty blonde courtesan mumbled ‘bursting, bursting, bursting’ to herself as she pulled her skirts out of the way before unleashing her bladder in a low squat. Across the way a tall merchant with a shaved head hurriedly rushed into another spot, barely getting his penis from his robes in time to squirt furiously against the side of a building. Next to him a gang of squires from the guard tower were similarly painting the walls with their own personal hoses, groaning in relief as they did so. Further down still a trio of well dressed ladies writhed and squirmed and stepped on the spot, their legs crossing around themselves and their rears swaying this way and that as they fought to escape their dresses and one by one join the parade of peeing.

Triss squeezed her crotch as tightly as she could, fearing she would burst any second, and just as suddenly as it began, her dream was over and she was awake in her own room in Kaer Morhen again.

Just as they had in her dream, Triss’s hands flew to her crotch, squeezing her vagina tightly to stem the flood that threatened more than ever to burst forth.

‘Ooohhh privvy privvy privvy!’ Triss groaned scrunching her face in desperation as she fought back the waves of urgency.

‘I do hope you aren’t doing what I think you’re doing!’ Declared a voice from across the room. Yen was awake.

Triss jolted, hands flying away from her crotch in shock, ‘Wha-what do you think I’m doing?’ She asked nervously.

‘Well, it looks, to put it frankly,’ Said Yen sitting up and looking at her like a disappointed mother, ‘Like you were, well, having a… well, a...wank? And by the look and sound of things like you were very close to finishing it!’

Triss felt her cheeks burning in embarrassment, ‘No I was not!’ She declared, suddenly realising that Yen was topless and trying to keep her eyes away from her large pale breasts.

‘Oh really!’ Said Yen indignantly, her chest bouncing, ‘Then what were you doing?’

‘Nothing!’ Triss said, her face flushing redder still as she tried and failed to keep her eye contact with Yen

Yen scoffed, ‘Oh come on Triss, we both spent far too much time in the girls dormitory back then to not know what self pleasure looks like, and look you can’t keep your eyes off my chest! But things are different now!’

‘I need to piss!’ Triss declared suddenly, stopping Yen’s words in their tracks.

Yen frowned, ‘You what? Oh...oh I see...sorry about that...well uh, go ahead I won’t look.’

Now it was Triss’s turn to be confused, ‘What do you mean?’

Yen smirked, ‘Well, I’ve known you long enough to know your limits, and you’ll never make it to the privvy as desperate as you are, so just go, there’s a chamber pot under your bed.’

Triss weighed her options, it was true the privvy was far, possibly too far, but the embarrassment of going in front of Yen like this… ‘Promise you won’t look?’ Triss said as she rose from the bed, her silk night gown doing very little to hide her curves.

‘Of course! It wouldn’t be the first time we’ve gone in front of each other anyway...’ Yen said turning away and instead looking out the window.

‘That was different! But thank you.’ Triss groaned as she crouched down and retrieved the chamber pot from its hiding place, wincing as she did so at the added pressure to her swollen bladder.

Standing again, Triss placed the chamber pot in front of her, lifted her gown and pulled down her small clothes. She squatted, ready for the relief she had been waiting for when suddenly the chamber pot moved of its own accord, just out of her range.

‘What on earth!’ Exclaimed Triss.

‘I’m sorry I couldn’t help myself!’ Yen laughed from the bed.

Triss looked up and saw Yen watching her via the window’s reflection, her left hand glowing slightly, casting the spell that caused the chamber pot to move.

‘Not funny!’ Triss declared angrily standing up again and pulling her smallclothes back over her.

‘Oh it is!’ Laughed Yen, ‘You nearly washed the floor!’

Triss twitched, hand straying toward her quivering vagina, ‘Choose your words more carefully please.’ She asked reaching for the chamberpot once more, before it again darted away from her.

‘Oh sorry, did I nearly make you tinkle your gown?’ Yen smirked.

Triss crossed her legs, her hand glued to her crotch as she bent over, her barely covered rear wiggling in desperation and her large breasts threatening to spill over the top of her gown. ‘I’m serious!’

‘Is the great sorceress Triss Merigold really about to piddle her panties?’ Yen asked her spare hand rising to her mouth in mock surprise.

‘If you don’t give me the chamberpot we’ll find out!’ Triss begged as she bounced on the spot.

Suddenly the chamberpot flew back across the room into the perfect position right underneath Triss.

‘Oh very well, if you must spoil the fun!’ Said Yen in faux annoyance. ‘Go ahead...let it all out.’

‘Thank you thank you thank you,’ breathed Triss as she pulled her small clothes back down, hovered over the chamberpot and let loose a fierce burst of relief.

‘Ohhhhh’ Moaned Tris, her eyes half lidding as her face took on a look of ecstasy and relief as she continued to pee and pee and pee with no sign of stopping.

Yen rose to her feet, twitching her hips a little more than would be normal as she put her clothes back on, ‘Enjoy your relief!’ She declared making for the door.

‘Where are you going?’ Triss asked, still flooding the chamberpot with her much needed morning wee.

Yen laughed as she pulled the door open and walked through, ‘The privvy! You going has set me off!’

Triss watched the door close, ‘The door was one thing…. But I’m definitely going to get you back now.’ She murmured to herself as she continued to drain herself of all her pent up need.

