The college girls who had to hold it (inspired by bustin2pee's art, the 5 bursting girls and Treble Desperation)

Author: brown1410

*000*2024-08-15 06:01

This story series is inspired by the 5 Bursting Girls story as well as Treble Desperation from @bustin2pee

, reimagined and expanded!

At Wettinham University, there is always one fine day when a girl attending that college gets that full bladder and desperation feeling. The university is known for several desperation experiences from many of the ladies on campus, and people have believed that the college is known as the "wettest college in the world".

One experience comes from 7 different medical students and a teacher who happens to be the mother of student siblings.

Their names are:

A group of 5 friends, which consists of:

Kathryn Jayne is a 21-year-old British student, who is a hard partier and has a boyfriend

Abebi, a 23-year-old Nigerian student who has a part-time job at a fast food joint

Krystyna, a 19-year-old Polish student who works part-time in a supermarket

Chloe is a 22-year-old British student who takes ballet as a hobby

Nisha, a 20-year-old British of Indian descent student

A pair of 2 sisters, Lily and Leah

A milf teacher, Diane Jackson, who is also a coffee lover

Today was going to be one hell of a day for all of them.

14:00 at the bar:

The 7 college students were at a bar, having their lunch break and downing some drinks to celebrate the occasion, a decision they would later regret. Kathryn had 2 1/2 pints/1420 ml of lager, Abebi had 5 bottles/1650 ml of craft beer, Krystyna had 2 pints lager and a coke, which equals 1420 ml, Chloe had 2 1/2 pints of Guiness and a glass of water, which equaled to 1562 ml, and Nisha had 1 1/2 pints of lager and 2 bottles of cider, which equaled to 1852 ml. Meanwhile, Lily and Leah downed at least 2 pints of beer. Mrs. Jackson was teaching another class, downing lots and lots of coffee throughout the day. The ladies drank and drank until Kathryn realized that a double lecture was soon at 15:00, and they had to hurry with no time for any bathroom breaks.

14:48 Kathryn, posting on social media:

OMG We are about to go into a double lecture

And we have all had one too many drinks

#studentproblems

The 7 students ran to the lecture hall, afraid they would be late until they arrived just in time as the lecturer began speaking. The girls as they sat down, felt an increasing urge to pee, realizing they forgot to pee and now would have to sit through torture until the lecture was over. To add insult to injury, today's lecture was about the female bladder!

15:02

Professor: "Good afternoon class... the subject of this lecture is the female bladder and urinary tract... blah blah blah...a female bladder experiences a first desire to void at a volume of approximately 150 to 250 ml, a normal desire to void at 300 to 400 ml, and a strong desire to void at 400 to 600 ml..."

Upon hearing these dreaded facts on the female urinary system, the girls thought back to the drinks at the pub.

The girls thought, “Oh my god! No way! Fuck fuck fuck shit fuck! Ughhh!!! Oh god!”

15:47

Professor: "...drinking alcohol leads to larger amounts of urine in the body than normal..."

Kathryn: "Dying to go for a wee and the fucking lecturer is talking about kidneys and urine”

Abebi: "Nothing worse than sitting in a lecture and wanting to use the toilet!"

Krystyna, "Why did I drink 2 fucking pints and a fucking coke before my fucking lecture... need a wee so bad!"

Chloe: "Me and Nisha, bursting for the toilet the lecture moves on to urinary catheterization"

Nisha: "Worst feeling when you're busting for a wee and the lecture is all about fucking urination!"

The lecturer kept droning on and on as the girls sat through endless torture as if they were being taunted by the professor.

16:25

Professor: "..the sphincter muscle relaxes, and urination occurs..."

Kathryn: "Gunna wet myself if this lecture doesn't end soon... crossed legs, desperate for a wee!"

Abebi: "Sitting in a lecture when you're bursting for a pee is the hardest thing ever"

Krystyna: "I am so absolutely fucking desperate for a wee, this lecturer is fucking killing me"

Chloe: "Why don't we get a fucking break in a 2-hour lecture? MY FUCKING BLADDER IS ABOUT TO FUCKING BURST!"

Nisha: "2-hour lecture with no break. Does this man not realize I'M BURSTING FOR THE FUCKING LOO!”

The students felt like there was no tomorrow for their bladders until… the professor announced the lecture was over and the girls were finally free at fucking last.

The 5 girls jumped out of their seats and ran straight to the bathroom to release their aching bladders, and good thing there were 5 available stalls as each girl entered a stall, and within seconds of sitting on the toilet, the sound of the girls torrents of pee drowned out the other noises in the room as the girls had the most satisfying pees of their lives.

Kathryn: “Oooooohhhh fuuuuucccccckkkkkkkkkkkk.”

Abebi: "OH MY FUCKING GOD THE RELIEF! MY INSIDES ARE HURTING ME!"

Krystyna: "Never been so relieved to see a toilet! I was so desperate!"

Chloe: “Ahhhhhhhh bliss.”

Nisha: “Pheww, that was a close one.”

Meanwhile, Lily and Leah from earlier banged on the stall doors, telling the girls to hurry up as they continued peeing, but they got too impatient and just went back to their apartment.

Lily: “Fuck! Why are they taking so fucking long?”

Leah: “They really need a piss just like us.”

Lily: “Fuck it, let’s go back to our apartment. Our toilets will be cleaner.”

After felt like hours and hours of peeing, the girls were finally empty and got out of the stalls.

17:16

Kathryn, posting on social media:

"The lecture is over, the 5 of us ran to the toilets after because we were all bursting to pee"

Kathryn: "I held my wee in for so long - now my bladder's aching!"

Chloe: "That feeling after you're dying for a wee and you finally get to go!"

Nisha: "That was the longest wee ever... like a good 30 seconds!"

17:32

Lily and Leah arrive back at their apartment, and are about to enter, but they realize they forgot the key.

Lily: “Didn’t mum give you the key?”

Leah: “No, I thought she gave it to you.”

Lily: “No, I thought you had it.”

Leah: “Fucking great, so we’re locked out and I’m dying for a wee!”

Lily: “Me too, I’m bursting to go!”

Leah: “I’m always bursting to wee when I get home as I refuse to use college toilets, they are disgusting. I haven’t had a wee since I left the apartment at 8:00!”

Lily: “I haven’t had a wee since this morning and I’ve been dying to go all day! I’ve got such bad pains in my stomach cos I’m absolutely busting to use the toilet!”

Leah: “None of our neighbors are at home… we don’t know what to do, Lily’s phoning Mum now… Think I’m gonna wee myself!”

Lily: “Mum, we don’t have a key so we can’t get in the apartment and we’re both literally on the verge of wetting our knickers!”

Leah: Hurry up mum, if I don’t get to the toilet soon, I will wee wee in my pants!”

Lily: “Please hurry mum, I’ve been holding this wee all fucking day!”

Leah: “Lily and I are doing the wee wee dance in our front garden because we’re locked out and bursting for almost the whole day!”

Diane: “Sorry girls, I might be ages before I’m home, I have to finish my job, and I’m absolutely dying to go for a fucking wee too!”

Lily and Leah: “Noooooooo! FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK!”

17:45

The girls are forced to endure more bladder torture as Diane finished her job for today and ran all the way back to the apartment, frantically hoping she can make it before the pee starts to flow. After felt like ages, Mrs. Jackson arrived at the apartment and quickly ran to the door.

Lily and Leah: “Mum! Fucking finally! Open the fucking door before we wee ourselves!”

Leah: “Who’s going first? I can’t wait… I’m about to make a puddle!!!”

Diane: “Fuck it, let’s just all go together! Use the sink and the bath before we wet our pants!”

As mum unlocked the door, the 3 frantically ran to the bathroom, and they all started to leak significantly, and they got to the bathroom and the 3 quickly pulled down their pants. However, Diane started to lose control before her knickers were down and soaked them with her own pee. The 3 all sighed in relief as their torrents of pee filled the bathroom and they peed for what felt like forever. Their pees lasted minutes before they were empty, and afterwards, they took off their wet undergarments and hung them out to dry.

Lily: “Poor mum started weeing before she could get her knickers down!”

Leah: “I know… actually I did too.. I wet mine quite a bit…!”

Lily: “Umm… Me too… soaked ‘em, to be honest!”

17:50

As the 5 girls prepared to part ways, they thought back to the lecture earlier.

Professor: "...the amount of alcohol consumed also increases urine production... ...essentially the more a person drinks, the more frequently they will have to urinate..."

Kathryn is about to go on an 100-minute bus trip to see her boyfriend.

Abebi is going to her fast food drive through job, which is from 18:30 to 00:30.

Krystyna is going to work her 4 hour shift on the tills at her local supermarket.

Chloe arrives back at her dorm to get ready for dance class later.

Nisha is walking 2 miles back to her student flat, which is about 45 minutes.

Next part comes soon!

