Making Him Wait

Author: BurstingPee

*000*2025-07-01 23:19

J had been out with ‘the boys’ for the afternoon. Drinking and out on the water. They’d had about 2 cases of beer in the past few hours. J had peed twice in the river and once, desperately, into the trees before the cab came to take him home. Before the can got there, he needed to pee again, and quite badly, but he held it, knowing it was only a 20 mins cab back home.

###

I knew he’d be desperate. He always is when he gets home from river boys days. This time, he even texted me ‘open the door. Gotta pee so bad rn’

###

J’s bladder was throbbing and this bumpy road wasn’t helping. He felt more piss fill up his bladder with each bump in the road. He placed his hand over his cock and wished he could give it a squeeze. His legs fanned in and out, and he wiggled all over the seat, anything to relieve the amount of pressure building in his already-filled bladder. He texted his girlfriend, telling her he was about to piss himself and to open the door. All he could think about was standing in front of a toilet and unleashing a waterfall of pee into it.

###

I waited at the door, and when I saw the cab pull in 10 mins after his text, I knew his bladder was aching for relief. I watched as his stood at the window and paid the driver, legs crossed, hunched over, bouncing on his heels. He paid and started to hobble over, hunched over, unable to stand up stand.

’gotta pee?’ I asked

’dude I can barely hold it’ he answered.

‘well you’re gonna hold it a bit longer’ I answered

