Kakegurui short stories - (VI) Kirari

Author: BB88

*000*2020-03-29 12:41

Class is boring. There's nothing else to say. It all looks the same, lessons and classmates alike.

She doesn't belong here. She wears their uniform, reads their texts, sits in their desks, but there's an air about her that makes it more than obvious, even for the commoners around her.

Kirari's gotten used to it. No wonder, she lived most part of her eighteen years among people who could not match her and there's no point in hiding it. Modesty is for those who have nothing else to show, and she has nothing to share with those around her.

The teacher's speaking. She's listening, but only in part: somehow her brain registers everything it needs to. That's how she'll ace the next test, and no-one will complain, not even this boring old man who keeps glancing at her trying to attract another crumb of her attention.

It's not working, that goes without saying.

"Sayaka would probably scold me. ", she thinks, staring out of the window. She has to force herself not to smile thinking about her.

"Math is important, President! ", had said her favorite fish last time Kirari had passed a whole afternoon trying to distract her from her homework, "I'm more than sure that it will show itself useful some day! "

Holding back a smile becomes harder. Kirari can't wait to meet her later.

She never fails to dissolve the boredom caused by all these wasted hours. Teachers have even stopped asking her questions. She answers them no matter what.

"Guess they got bored too… poor things. "

Her eyes stare into the pale blue sky outside the window. She can't wait to meet Sayaka, indeed. As usual, she'll have a cup of warm tea ready for her and that never fails to improve her mood either. She made some tea before class too, and Kirari's lips curled behind the cup with the utmost pleasure. She even asked for a second cup, and the smile with which Sayaka complied was more than enough to brighten her day. Only her good sense stopped her from getting a third one, but later she'll see about that.

Now that she thinks about it though, she's starting to feel the urge to relieve herself. It's been a couple of hours already, after all.

She doesn't ask to be excused. Teachers have learnt to respect her- and fear her- but this one can be quite petty when it comes to this sort of things. It won't be long untill class is over. She can wait all right, and in the meantime, she can daydream as much as she wants about how she's going to employ her free time later on.

Maybe with a gamble. Or maybe teasing Sayaka.

\\ \\ \\

Class is over. The next teacher is this middle-aged woman who likes to pretend she has the complete control of her students. The fact that Kirari is among them should be more than enough to prove her wrong, but that doesn't seem to bother her delusions: she keeps screaming at the top of her lungs at every whisper and her hands just don't know how to be still when she talks.

Kirari thinks that the way her throat swells and turns red is repulsive, yet oddily amusing. She stares at her, sometimes without being able to hold back a smile. Her gaze hunts her down with its intensisty.

Yet, this woman keeps avoiding it and that's just hilarious, really. She's yelling and yelling, all the while looking at everything but Kirari.

"I wonder what would happen if I were to show you who has the upper hand in here. ", thinks the Student Council President, and there's this impulse in her to provoke and desecrate the other's filmsy authority, but she knows better than to do it now.

It's simply not worth it. She can ask to be excused instead and before going to the restrooms she might drop by Sayaka's class, just to see her reaction. It's been a while since the last time, after all.

Taking a stroll in the empty hallways is just what she needs right now.

\\ \\ \\

It's a pity, but before she knows it, this class is over too and the next teacher is already at the door.

Ah, this man is one of the best: just like the rest of his colleagues, he likes to think that he has some sort of control on Kirari's class. On top of that though, he also likes to think that no one notices the way he looks at the girls.

There's something like thirty-eight years of difference between him and his students, and yes, math is important after all. Most importantly when he's drooling all over these kids.

"Disgusting. ", thinks Kirari amused, and she's getting ready to stare too, because he's awful at it when it comes to her.

It's hard to understand what he's trying to do: sometimes he smiles back at her, goody-two-shoes who knows better, sometimes he furrows his brows, like the proper educator that he'll never be.

In general, his idiocy makes for a good entertainment, and Kirari does need to relieve herself, but he's just too much fun.

He's like one of those goofy rubber toys for dogs: as soon as she squeezes her hand he squeaks.

She's more than conscious than among her classmates, no one can compare to her. Ririka could be the only real rival, for obvious reasons, but she's not here, and even if she was, her mask would prevent her from existing at all.

Maybe Yumeko could be a worthy opponent, but alas, she's not here either. She would make everything more entertaining, no doubt.

Oh, but this old man is doing everything on his own.

He's looking around with the most innocent face. Something's off with his tablet, he says. Would anyone be kind enough to help him? Our honorable Student Council President, perhaps?

It's hard not to laugh in his face. Kirari plays along with one of her best smiles. She feels the need starting to weight in her abdomen, but it's easy to ignore when she approaches him and his eyes light up like a child's at Christmas. She almost bends forward to take his tablet. Almost. She won't allow him to stare at her bosom, but she will pretend to let him.

It's more than enough. He's wagging his tail, clearing his throat as she hands back the device with a smile.

She takes his praise, modest, oh so very modest.

Very amusing, but it's time to leave.

Sayaka will light up when she'll come into class. She's already preparing a reason for her entrance as the bell rings.

Too bad the next teacher has had the brilliant idea of a surprise test.

It's for your own good, finals will come sooner than you expect them, ecc. ecc.

As if tests were what made the students great in this Academy.

Shaking her head, Kirari takes a sip from her water bottle. She's been sitting for the past forty minutes and she was done twenty minutes ago. Filling another hour and a half is going to be rough. This is the right time to leave.

The woman looks at her almost suspicious seeing her approach.

"It's a test, not your Life Plan. ", thinks Kirari, smiling sharp and amiable.

The teacher seems to read her mind, for she smiles back and seems to relax. She asks if she's sure she's done, if she double-checked eveything. Of course she did, of course, and how's the Student Council going, is Yumemite doing all right with her MyTube channel or whatever it is and-…

"Excuse me. ", interrupts her Kirari halfway-through, "May I be excused? "

"Oh. ", says the woman, blinking. "I- Well, Miss Momobami, we're in the middle of a test and as you most certainly know-… "

"Yes. "; says Kirari, "No student should be allowed to leave untill its end. I understand. "

She could use her charm. The day however, is still long. There are too many classes. Might as well wait another hour or two and then skip the rest altogether.

\\ \\ \\

Toc toc

The girl at her left turns to look at her. Kirari, arms crossed on her chest and unreadable face, glances at her and that's enough to make her seek refuge in the mess of paper-sheets in her hands.

She crossed her legs, but they're too long and now that she started bouncing them, she hit her desk from below without meaning to.

This test is lasting forever. A good two-third of her water is gone. She wasn't thirsty, only bored beyond reason. She knows she shouldn't drink with the necessity to use the restroom growing more pressing by the minute. That, however, is the only thing distracting her from this dullness.

Waiting will make her appreciate more the relief once she'll take care of this need.

Five minutes. Three.

The bell rings, and among groans and whispers, the students are forced to hand in their tests.

The next teacher takes her time, and Kirari has to make an effort not to show her annoyance. When she does get here, it would take nothing more than a smile and a please to be gone. If it wasn't for the other four or five students who also need to be excused.

"Annoying… ", thinks Kirari. She's not going to crowd with the others like chickens waiting for their feed. The Student Coucil President does have privileges, but using them like this would be almost offensive. She'll wait. This lesson is as boring as ever, but she's already planned her entrance in Sayaka's class.

When it's her turn to leave, a good half an hour later, Kirari barely gives herself time to be as polite as always. If someone noticed her hurry it doesn't matter.

Now she can finally get a breath of fresh air and some silence.

The hallways are as empty as expected. It's good to have some peace, though truth be told, Kirari thinks that an aquarium without fishes is just a pretty water tank. She still takes her time, strolling as if she was in her own home's garden. This place belongs to her just as much after all.

The restrooms are just a few meters ahead. Before reaching them, she gets the desire to take a look at the courtyard outside. As she approaches the window, she's forced to desist: steps are coming and getting rebuked for loitering in the hallways is the very last thing she wants.

The teacher approaching has a stack of documents in her hands. It almost reaches her head and it's clear it lacks balance.

Smiling, Kirari decides to prevent any problem.

"Hello. ", she says, polite, "May I help you ma'am? "

The relieved smile she receives it's almost comical.

Kirari's not one to do the grunt work, not in the least, but she's heard rumors about this woman. Interesting ones. Like the fact that she might or might not have lost her house because of gambling debts. Yet, here she is, sourrounded by temptations.

Owning an adult's life is something Kirari hasn't quite done yet and she's starting to think that perhaps this is the right chance to change that. This woman isn't too old, she hasn't lost her shine.

If she'll have some time to spare, Kirari wonders, wouldn't she stop at a certain gambling den one of these days? There's a new game the students have been trying out and-…

She doesn't need to finish. There's a glimmer in the teacher's eyes and even if she pretends to think about it, Kirari's already planned everything ahead. She only hopes this woman will be better at gambling than at faking. The Ikishima's people will be more than ready to welcome her; without anyone knowing, of course.

Kirari's got what she wanted, her attention moves on to something else.

They've reached the the teachers' lounge and she can't wait to drop everything and reach the restrooms.

She ignores the hardened tone of the teacher as she tries to regain some dignity by remarking that all students must be in class during their lessons.

Her Life Plan will be in Kirari's hands long before they'll meet again.

A voice distracts her from these thoughts.

"Ah, Miss Momobami! "

It's the teacher that she's supposed to be waiting for in class.

Her smile is much less warm as she follows him back.

\\ \\ \\

It's been four hours. The lessons proceeded without giving her any chance to be excused, and at lunch-time, Kirari knew the restrooms would be all to full to relieve herself without hassles.

As usual, she's having her meal alone, in the Student Council Lounge. Sayaka came to her as soon as she was done with her own lunch, but between the disappointment for the spoilt surprise earlier and the need hammering her lower abdomen, the President can't say she's in a good mood.

Sayaka must have miserunderstood the reasons of her ill humor, for she said no more than a few words.

"I know I should act differently, ", thinks Kirari, forcing herself to eat a few more mouthfuls, "but for God's sake… "

Her bladder feels so full that it's starting to press against her buttoned blazer. The fact that she's been drinking some water with her food doesn't help, of course, but it was inevitable.

"I need to take care of this as soon as possible… It's starting to be more annoying that expected… "

"President? "

Sayaka's voice interrupts her grim thoughts. Kirari looks up and touches her mouth with a napkin before forcing herself to smile.

"What is it, Sayaka? "

She clears her throat. Her voice came out weird. Under the table, her legs uncross: without noticing she had started to bounce them.

"Forgive me for bringing this up while you're having lunch, but I had a few questions concerning tomorrow's meeting. "

"It will be the same as always.", thinks Kirari, " They'll either try to tear each other apart for a crumb of my power, or they won't mind at all… they'll pretend to, at least. "

"Ask me anything you want. ", she says.

Sayaka does. She's her usual diligent self, and the smile on Kirari's lips become more natural as she listens to all her silly concerns. The President ends her lunch-break talking about costs and responsabilities, and Sayaka seems to forget about the weird mood she was when they met, for now she looks more at ease.

"Good girl… Don't concern yourself with this. ", thinks Kirari, "Don't ask any questions about this… "

She glances at the clock. There are fifteen or so minutes left before the break ends. As she listened to Sayaka, she drank three more glasses of water.

Her belly is starting to hurt as it has never done before. She can't remember the last time she had to delay such a necessity for so long. A part of her is certainly intrigued, about this odd sensations, but overall, she's just looking forward to emptying her bladder.

She gets up and Sayaka starts cleaning up the table.

"Let a House-Pet take care of it.", says Kirari, "You work too hard. "

Sayaka nods and smiles as she replies: "You too President. You should take a break and leave everything to me. "

"Oh, Sayaka. ", thinks Kirari chuckling, "Not this time dear, not this time… "

"Shall I accompany you to your next class? "

"As much as I would like you to, ", says Kirari, "There's something I need to do before that. I shall see you later, if we have a chance to. "

"And we will, certainly… I still want to surprise you. "

"Oh… ", says Sayaka, "As you wish. I will see you later, then. "

"Good-bye, Sayaka. "

Kirari opens the door for her and follows her outside. Sayaka bows her head one last time before turning her back and leaving in the opposite direction.

" Well now. Let's find a way for me to get rid of this. "

Now that she got up, Kirari can't deny that her need has grown far more than what she should have let it. Her skin is tight over her abdomen and there's a continuous tingling between her legs, the signal that it's time to relieve all that pressure, soon.

The risk of moistening her underwear, even if still inconceivable, has grown dangerously high at every step.

She almost chuckles to herself, thinking about the absurdity of her situation.

"Acting like a goody-two-shoes for the teachers' sake was my biggest mistake. After all, though, I can't always be causing a ruckus… or can I? "

She thinks about the woman and about those waiting for her in the den. Perhaps not everything was for naught in the end.

There are still quite a few students around. This time though, Kirari has no intention whatsover of waiting in line. Soon enough she discovers that she doesn't have to: the restroom she had meant to use has a warning sign on its door, telling the students about its cleaning.

Ignoring the fact that the idea of cleaning the toilets at such an hour could be birthied only by a limited mind, to put it politely, Kirari considers using the boy's restroom before changing her mind. She's not the only disappointed girl, but there are far too many male students. Showing herself in such a disgraceful act doesn't quite fit her character, even if she would be intrigued to see someone else in the same situation.

"There's still time. "; she thinks, "I'll just try somewhere else. "

Walking is uncomfortable now. There's a little warm drop at the tip of her most intimate spot, and she's growing more and more conscious of it, but she has no intention of letting it go anywhere near the fabric of her underwear or of her panty hose.

Yet, the thought just won't leave her mind. She does need to urinate, and she didn't think it could become more obvious than this, but it's clear she was wrong.

Two flight of stairs later, she almost gives up the idea of keeping herself dry. The little warm drop has grown harder and harder to keep back, but the very thought of soiling herself, even if just a little, is revolting. She has no intention whatsoever of letting it happen.

Three hallways separate her from the closest restroom. She's doing a good job of keeping up her façade, but behind her usual calm, her mind is fixed on only one thing.

Relieveing herself will be quite a pleasure, and she's looking forward to it more than ever.

She can already imagine her bladder emptying its content, the murmur of her urine as it reaches its rightful place while the relief washes over her.

She's looking forward to it, indeed.

Too bad this time there's a line long enough that students are chatting between themselves in the hallway, the sound of running sinks and flushing coming from the open door.

Kiraris' gaze hardens: the restroom is a private room. To show its inside like this and to blather around as if it was a tea party it's unsightly. She's already reticent at the idea of sharing such a place with the hundreds of students of the Academy, she's not going to participate in any monkey buisness.

She turns her back, her fists clenched at her sides. There's still another restroom to try, even if time's running out. In more than one sense.

Her muscles are starting to cramp. Her skirt has grown more than uncomfortable around her bloated waist.

Kirari's starting to look too vexed for those around her not to notice, but she doesn't mind their stares, nor their murmurs. Her step is quick and sure: with all probabilities, they might think she's just busy.

Sayaka's not even at her side as usual, but that's for the best, no doubt about it.

It's just that… perhaps Kirari ought to slow down.

Her step falters, as if she had tripped over nothing.

She felt the drop.

It's warm and wet against her skin, her underwear's ruined.

"Disgusting…", she thinks, but she felt the first hint of relief. She's still in control of her body, but it won't take long before she'll give it up of her own accord. This pain is far too unnecessary to bear it for longer.

The restroom is right in front of her. So is Ririka.

Kirari ignores the stare she knows Ririka's sending from behind her mask. She doesn't even greet her. It's easy to understand why they're both here and some idle chit-chat would only vex the President. It's not like Ririka's a chatter-box after all, most importantly in such a situation.

At first glance, most of the stalls are occupied, the little red squares on the doorknob bright against the more sober color of the walls. Only one of them is still green. Kirari glares. Her sister came in first, but she's more than sure her need is more urgent.

She doesn't want either Ririka or the others to know about it though.

Firm and rigid, she grabs for Ririka's shoulder, stopping her in her tracks. Now, to be honest, Ririka had more than expected such a gesture on her part. Kirari can be polite, and she can also be the most well-mannered member of the Bami Family, but she can also be the most imposing.

Having grown up at her side, no one would know better than her.

It's still unpleasant, but Ririka doesn't make a sound and Kirari doesn't have to stare at the bottomless holes of her mask to send her message.

The thing is, that now there are more people entering.

"There's no way I'm going to be seen in here right now. ", thinks Kirari, her annoyance growing at each second, along with her need.

Being seen with Ririka, on top of that, is simply unacceptable.

"Get in. ", she says, her voice low and controlled notwithstanding the situation.

Her hand is still on Ririka's blazer, making her stagger inside the stall. She trips, sitting hard on the toilet just in time for her sister to lock the door as two more girls enter the restroom.

The stall is smaller than expected. She put enough strenght in pushing Ririka inside, that Kirari finds herself staggering too, parting her legs in order not to crash into Ririka's.

Another warm drop. Kirari grimaces as she hears the girls chattering. Looking down she can almost read her sister's bewilderment under the mask, but she doesn't want to look, just like she doesn't want to be in here with so many people.

On her part, Ririka is indeed quite puzzled. She's noticing the odd air about Kirari's eyes, the hard line of her mouth. She has never seen her like this- in more than one sense. She can feel her legs trembling against hers.

She'd like to speak up, but as soon as she makes a noise, Kirari's glare freezes her. Her lips move without a sound.

Hush.

They know each other, of course. Just like Kirari knows that Ririka's often too shy to relieve herself when there's someone nearby, Ririka knows that her sister belives it an unpleasant matter to take care of such needs in the company of others.

Aside from their appearance and their family, the only thing they might have in common is their dislike for public restrooms. The luxurious ten or so bathrooms they have at home are more than enough to justify such a quirk.

That doesn't change the fact that, even if dressed, Ririka too feels the urge to relieve herself now that she's in the right position for it. She did come here for a reason, after all, and whether it be because her need is stronger than usual, or because Kirari's here, she feels more than ready to empty her own bladder.

However, Kirari's everything but interested in her. On one hand, the need to relieve herself has grown unbearable. The scent of her own urine is gross and revolting but she can't help feeling like she ought to let out much more than just a couple of drops. Having Ririka so close is helping her concentration, but she knows it won't last for long no matter how hard she tries. It's not a mere question of will power anymore.

Only one stall has become avaible, and the girls are still chattering between themselves. All that noise is almost offensive. The only reason why Kirari hasn't lost her temper just yet is that she knows that far too many of her school mates are still too immature or unrefined to understand her kind of unwritten rules.

She notices a movement with the corner of her eye: Ririka's trying to communicate using her hands, but the space is far too cramped.

Having understood her intentions, Kirari removes her sister's mask. Her twin squints in the sudden light. She meets Kirari's gaze, stern and firm.

'Pee. ', her pale eyes seem to plead.

'I know. ', reply Kirari's.

Being reminded of her own necessities is the very last thing Kirari needs. Having to keep her legs spread like that is growing harder and harder and her belly is so full she has to make an effort not to caress it.

She's paying attention to what's going on outside but she's holding back so much that if she were to get distracted even for a second, a disaster would be inevitable.

Feeling it, her breath hitches as she tries to harden her muscles. She feels Ririka's eyes on her face, reading her pain, and without a second thought, she pushes the mask back in its place. Now, there's a problem less.

Another warm drop, then two. Kirari bites her free hand untill she almost tastes blood.

"I need to piss. No other way of saying it, I… need… to… piss… ", she thinks as her breath becomes heavy with effort.

Underneath her, Ririka's uneasiness increases. She could have never imagined to see her twin struggling like this. It's worringsome, and she's too concerned to even feel sorry.

Still, she can tell the urgency has reached a dangerous point.

Kirari feels the first real leak. Suddenly, her underwear is soggy and warm and the blood has rushed to her head. She can't believe this is happening.

At the same time though, she knows this is the beginning of the end.

Her bladder spasms. The girls outside talk of boys and karaoke and she feels the second spurt.

She forces herself to be quiet, but her breath is hard to keep in check.

Kirari can't hold herself any longer. Not even she knows if she starts relieving herself of her own volition or not: a third spurt turns into a fourth, and from that, it's not a spurt anymore, but a full stream, its scent warm and pungent in the small space as it soaks her clothes.

The hissing is so strong she almost fears it might be heard, but there's no risk, and in all honesty, she's got bigger fish to fry now.

Ririka's trying to get up. As soon as she realized what was happening, she made a sound, a sort of squeak that the modifier distorted into something gross and unsettling. Without even looking, Kirari's hand reaches for the switch behind the mask, turning it off. Then, she leans on Ririka, forcing her down.

Her warm, filthy urine is soaking them both, and Kirari's conscious of the situation, she really is, but the relief is inevitable.

She'd like to sigh, or moan, to make a sound that could express the most instinctive pleasure caused by the emptying of a full bladder.

"It's the first pleasure we feel… ", she thinks as she sinks her teeth in her sister's forehead in order to keep her voice in.

Being deprived of her own voice, Ririka can only jolt and hope for it to be over soon. Kirari's got a good mouthful of her hair, but that's not the biggets problem, of course.

This is all far too gross and unexpected.

A part of her suggests that she might take care of her own matters, nevermind the fact that she's dressed. On the other hand though, the thought of following Kirari's example is unconceivable right now. She could have never done anything like this, not even on purpose.

Ririka can only sit still and endure both the pain and the soiling.

Kirari's body takes its time.

The strangers outside talks of God only knows what and for God only knows how long before Kirari can regain some control over herself.

Her panty hose is warm and wet as it kisses her skin.

She stopped biting Ririka at a certain point and now her breath is slowing down, polishing her sister's mask.

She glances down: Ririka's skirt is dark, heavy and dripping with piss. So is the latter part of her blazer and shirt, and her own panty hose.

But there's time to worry about that. Kirari feels the last drops and allows herself the pleasure of relieving herself of them.

The situation has certainly turned in an unexpected way. Even if she had no intention to soil either Ririka or herself though, Kirari can't say she's displeased. The scent is awful, and so is the wetness, which, she notices, has filled even her shoes, but… this is something new.

Something there's no more need to worry about, thankfully.

The restroom's door open and closes behind her, bringing away the last words.

She straightens up, looking at Ririka.

'I know. . ', her eyes tell her once again.

Kirari backs up as much as she can, allowing her sister some more space, and reaches inside her pocket. She takes out her phone, dials a number.

"Don't be in class just yet… Be a good girl, but not too much… ", she thinks serious, listening to the rythmic beep.

"President? "

Sayaka's voice clears her gaze. Kirari chuckles: everything will be fine now.

Notes: It's been ages since I wrote this sort of stuff. This work has been sitting around since december and onyl recently I forced myself to finish it.

Hope you enjoyed. Be safe in these hard times. Perhaps I gave you something to keep you occupied.

Commissions are open btw. Email me at [email protected] for details.

Thank you for reading, see ya.

