New Town, New Fun: Chapter 2

Author: babyboy6

*000*2016-04-22 03:52

Chapter 2:

Coming into work the next day Garret felt more than a little awkward. He had just enjoyed a night with his new employee who was also a co-worker's daughter. While he didn't have any reservations about liking Grace, he didn't know what to quite make of the experience whereby Grace had the most provocative 'accident' he could have imagined. He loved every minute of it, but it wasn't what he typically opened new relationships with, if it even was that.

Garret progressed through his day as best as he could and when Grace arrived she did the same. The two were alone for almost an hour before they dropped the professionalism and actually mentioned their situation.

"So since you're not gonna mention it, I had a lot of fun last night" Grace said with a beaming smile.

"So did I" Garret said a little reserved.

"Hmmhhh it sounds like a 'but' is coming?" Grace replied.

"Well I have to be honest, and I wouldn't really call it a 'but'. I just don't really know how to go about this, I mean we're co-workers and more importantly so is your mom."

Grace giggled and replied "Don't worry my mom knows. Well she doesn't know everything, but she knows we went out and I hung out at your place before walking home a little late. She even kinda told me about how there was a cute new guy working at the pharmacy and that I she could probably get me a job if I wanted" Grace said giving Garret a fake and overly dramatic embarrassed look.

"So you started working here because your mom said I was cute?" Garret asked not knowing whether to be honored or a little creeped out.

"Well I applied a bunch of different places, the pharmacy was just the quickest hire with the highest salary they're gonna give me for a summer job, but she did mention you when I asked her about getting a job here" Grace explained.

"Ok well that's good I guess. What about...whatever we are and working together? Can we work together and still go out?" Garret asked.

"Well I don't know. If I promised to keep work and fun separate could you reciprocate?" Grace asked, making things sound very simple.

"I think I could keep that promise" Garret said with a smile.

"Well I'm glad we figured all that out. Just to be sure though, is it ok if I ask if we can go out tonight?" Grace said looking innocent.

"Yes I would love that" Garret replied.

Despite having the store to themselves the two kept to their promises with neither mentioning anything 'inappropriate'. The two instead shared dumb stories and bad jokes for another two hours at which time Grace asked:

"Would you mind watching my counter, I'm going on break" Grace asked.

Garret said "sure" and put the 'back in 15 mins' signs up at the pharmacy. Sundays were typically a slow night, for no particular reason other then a lot of people assumed they were closed by that time. There was the occasional customer, or someone in need of a prescription but by and large Sundays were about as boring as it got.

Grace checked out for her break, grabbed an iced coffee drink from the cooler and started to stroll through the isle for a moment before coming back. She placed two items on the counter for Garret to ring up for her. The first was the drink, which now had almost a quarter of its contents missing, and the other was a package of adult diapers. Garret thought Grace was joking at first, but upon searching her face for a smile or giggle he simply got a stoic gaze. His heart began to beat faster slightly and while inspecting the package a moment he finally had to ask

"I thought we said no fun at work?"

"I know, but I'm on break" Grace smirked and laughed "and also we have to close the register 5 minutes before our shifts end, I thought this was the most appropriate time" Grace further explained.

Garret had to agree, and figured if she was going to bend the rules slightly that she was doing it in the best possible way. While examining Grace's diapers Garret found himself familiar with the package. They were left over from a pregnant customer asking specifically for something 'REALLY absorbent' as she was afraid about a car trip she had to go on. Grace went to the break area for the remainder of her break. She came back and checked in about as nonchalantly as could be. Garret went back to his post but couldn't help but wonder what Grace had in mind.

The time finally came to close up, which the two did in almost record time. The lights were no sooner off when Grace asked Garret

"Where are you taking me?"

Garret smiled and thought about it

"it's too late for a movie, and every good restaurant is closed unless you're looking for some of the fanciest food McDonalds has to offer. I am at a loss, do you have any ideas?" Garret asked.

"There's a good movie on Netflix I kinda want to see, I mean if you trust me to come over after my little accident" Grace said with a smirk.

"Well something tells me I don't have to worry about you getting my floor wet tonight" Garret replied thinking about Grace's prior purchase.

The two stepped into Garrets car as he began to drive them to his house.

"You'll just have to wait and see I guess" Grace replied, enticing Garret.

The two arrived at Garret's house where they promptly went to Garret's room and began the movie. It wasn't anything special, just a romantic comedy with soon to be has been actors and actresses.

"This movie is boring" Grace finally said after what seemed like far too long, but had only actually been 15 minutes.

"Do you want to change it?" Garret asked.

"No...I want to play a game" Grace professed.

"What kind of game are you thinking about?" Garret asked.

"I bet that you need those diapers I bought tonight more than I do" Grace said.

"Ohh really?" Garret replied, having his curiosity sparked. "So what's the bet?"

"Simple, I bet that I can keep my pants dry longer than you can. Loser sleeps diapered tonight" Grace wagered.

"Yeah, and with you wearing those diapers I'm sure it'll end well for me" Garret retorted.

Grace went to her bag and pulled out the package she had bought earlier in the night. She then tossed them to Garret whereby he quickly realized that all of the contents were there, and not even a tear was made in the plastic.

"Ok you have a deal" Garret finally agreed.

The two picked a new movie and upon Grace's request every 45 minutes or so Garret got the two a glass of water. Nearing the end of the movie Garret was starting to feel the urge to go, and began to wonder what would happen if he lost the bet. He didn't think Grace would be so in control, but there she was, not fidgeting in the slightest. The movie ended and the two selected another to which Garret made it nearly half was through before really starting to show signs of having to go.

"Aww does the little boy need to go potty?" Grace teased in the best baby talk she could muster.

"Yes he does, how do you not even have to go?" Garret asked.

"Who says I don't" Grace replied.

"I don't think you're in quite as bad shape as I am right now" Garret said.

"Would the baby like me to put his diaper on him before he has an accident?" Grace asked, again returning to the baby voice.

Garret didn't know what to respond with. He knew how close to losing he was, and how little it seemed Grace really had to go.

"No, not yet" Garret replied with a smile.

Grace then climbed on top of him

"Are you sure? Because I know I don't want to hold it anymore, plus I may have been a little misleading..." She said as she pulled down her leggings and pulled up her short dress, revealing a soaking wet diaper. "You didn't think the large ones I bought were for me did you?" Grace asked rhetorically as Garret realized he never made notice of the size.

"I've been wearing it all day, and it's been starting to leak. I don't even think I can make it to the bathroom from here" Grace said looking at Garret.

Garret grinned and replied "Well accidents do happen I guess"

At that moment Garret looked down and saw Grace's diaper begin to fill more than it could handle. She began leaking all over Garret and he could no longer holdout as he began having his own accident. After finishing with their naughty accidents the two quickly helped each other out of their wet clothes. The 'fun' that was prohibited at work was then finished before the two cleaned up, and helped change each other into his and her new night time pants.

