For Sophia

Author: Bravestone

*000*2018-12-18 21:37

Inspired by a very special person in my life........Hope it is enjoyable. I am still new to writing for public consumption.

Story begins.......

John had to pee really badly when they deplaned and started to leave the airport. Sophia was not talking. Just walking rapidly to the parking garage. "Sophia! Wait. I need to make a quick stop!" John called. She kept going a pretty good clip. "Ugh. I gotta pee sooooo bad. But if I lose her she may drive off and leave me here. Stupid idea giving her the keys." he thought.

"What does that dolt want," Sophia thought to herself "Oh I can't deal with him now. Maybe ever." She kept walking towards the parking garage.

John passed a men's room and stopped for a moment watching her go on towards the garage rapidly. Looked in. Looked ahead. Looked in again. Looked ahead again. "damn. Lines in mens room???" he thought. Sped up and caught her. "Please Sophia. I'm sorry. Can't we talk?" Nothing but silence and a stern stare ahead. John thought this could be the end. His bladder was bursting but the thought of losing Sophia was killing him. If he could only undo what he had done. "Why do I do this to myself" he thought as he swallowed and choked back tears.

"I don't need him. I am so done with him" Sophia thought to herself. "When we get back to my place I'm sending him away for good."

John was now grabbing his crotch and even pee dancing a little as he tried to keep up with her. She was like some kind of speedwalker. "I'm sorry. So sorry. Please talk to me." he said with a quiet defeated voice. He bowed his head and kept walking. One hand in his crotch when he thought no one could see. She stared ahead as if he weren't there.

He stopped in a panic. The first trickle of pee escaped."oh my god" he thought. He froze. Sophia kept walking. He regained control but it now looked like he had spilled a little water on his crotch. He un-tucked his shirt and yanked it down. He hustled again to catch her. They were almost at John's car.

She got to the car turned and crossed her arms. Staring at John with an anger he had not seen. He stopped in his tracks about 10 feet away. There were people coming and going and this did not seem like the best place for what he thought was coming.

"I trusted you! I needed you! I opened up to you more than I have ever opened up to anyone!" She yelled at John as people turned to look.

John was squirming very indiscreetly now in his predicament. Even pee dancing a little. He was no longer comfortable grabbing his crotch with all of the people around. "Um Sophia. I am so sorry. I really am." John uttered somewhat silently. "I promise..um I can..um..um I really need to use the mens room quick and maybe I can explain." A tear rolled down his eye.

"Take a cab then. I'm leaving." she said angrily and turned to the door.

"No no no wait!" John cried as he ran to her. Then he grabbed his crotch and felt another spurt of pee. Enough so that his palm felt it. He shuddered and froze. He tried not to be obvious. He looked down at the ground as he pleaded with Sophia. "I'm sorry. I was selfish, and irresponsible and I let you down. Please forgive me." John groaned as he felt another spasm. "oh my god. I'm on the verge of peeing my pants. please god kill me now." John thought to himself trying to stare at the ground and block everything else out.

"How! How can I forgive you?" She demanded. She noticed him squirming and thought he may be in real trouble. "Hmm" she thought. "I could use this"

"Oh John. You embarrassed me pretty good." Sophia said a little more calmly. "You want to talk?" Her eyebrows raised.

"Sophia. I do oh I do." he groaned crossing his legs tight while standing.

"Ok. Here drink this entire 16oz bottle of water and then we'll talk"

Johns face went pale."What?"

"Never mind." she said and she turned again to the car. John felt another spasm. She noticed too. There was now a small visible wetspot below where his shirt covered.

"No no Sophia" he said as he took the bottle and cringed. He slowly uncapped the bottle. "Really?" he asked with a look of pain. Still clenching his legs together.

"Yup. Every last drop. And then we can talk. "

He tilted the bottle back to start drinking and it happened. He started peeing, and peeing. He was wetting his pants full on. Sophia and possibly others nearby could hear the hissing. She calmly took the bottle. She looked in his eyes. "Pretty embarrassing wetting your pants at your age?" she asked him somewhat quietly. John didn't answer. He turned his teary face to the ground. She continued as a tear rolled down her cheek, "You embarrassed me really badly. It really hurt too. I'm going to embarrass you. And maybe. Just maybe if you are willing to bear this embarrassment I will consider taking you back." She took her index finger and pressed into his bladder as he froze.

Sophia jumped back "Oh sorry sir. I didn't want to get wet." she said loudly. Heads turned. "A man your age should really be potty trained. Those are cute big boy pants. I hear great things about depends. Good luck sir. Here is some money for a cab, and a trash bag for the seat in the cab."

She turned to a person walking by. "Shame. He's kinda cute too. I change enough diapers at home though." She said out loud as she made her way to the drivers seat of her car.

Johns face turned bright red. His pants were so wet you'd be hard pressed to find a dry spot. There was a puddle of under John that was at least a meter long and wide. His shoes even leaked a little pee out the top. He was looking down sobbing as Sophia drove off. He had not wet his pants since grade school. Long streak broken. But he had renewed hope.

The End

PS. I am very sorry Sophia

