Freya's Pee Adventures 1.2

Author: BlueWizard83

*000*2022-08-15 22:51

Freya's Pee adventures 1.2

Welcome to the second Part of Freya's Pee adventures.

Just for everyone new Here, the Girl in this Series is Freya:

18 Years Old

5'6

120 lbs

Blond Hair

Blue Eyes

Tanned Skin

Athletic Build

Long Legs

German Decent

A Sprinter at her Local School

From a Small Town in Iowa

Freya's Locked Out Desperation

Wednesday, late March, 12:30 p.m. It was a wet and cold typical March day. Freya went to the bus stop after school to wait for her bus. It was only the third day that face-to-face classes were allowed again, so Freya's bladder wasn't used to the school day again. Actually, Freya usually went to the toilet between the 4th and 5th lesson, but today she didn't have to go to the toilet at that time. She noticed that the bus took longer than usual today because of the pouring rain. But that wasn't her only problem, because she suddenly felt a little pinch in her bladder, so she crossed her legs, but as unobtrusively as possible. Unfortunately, there was no opportunity to sit down, which she would have liked to do. But she was lucky, her bus just turned into her street.

On the bus, she sat in the empty last row. She pressed her thighs together tightly and slipped her right hand between them. Today it was a very slow journey home, the bus usually only takes 10 minutes, but today they were still a long way away after 10 minutes. Freya tried to cross her legs, but her long legs combined with the narrow space made this impossible. But in the end she finally maneuvered herself into a position where she could cross her long legs. A few minutes passed, Freya's bladder was getting bigger and harder, she started sweating and panicking because she didn't know how much longer she could hold it.

She was desperate, all she wanted was to get home. She leaned back in her seat and knotted her legs together in a double leg cross. But the end was near, just two streets to the left and she would be there. When she got there, she carefully and cautiously got off the bus and quickly ran to her house. But to Freya's shock the front door was locked, nobody was there. She checked for new messages and was shocked to find a message her mother sent her 2 minutes ago. She was shopping for groceries and Freya had forgotten to take her key with her in the morning. Panicked, she looked to see if there were any open windows, but to her disappointment, they were all locked.

She had 2 choices, waiting for her mother or asking her neighbors next door. She made her way to her neighbors, the Smiths, but before she even left the porch, a wave of desperation hit her. She crouched down and put both of her hands up her crotch but it was too late, she already had a small pee stain on her tight white pants. Too embarrassed to go to her neighbors now, she sat on the bench by her front door and twisted her legs in an almost unnatural motion into a triple leg cross.

She quickly considered her options again. If she waited too long she would pee in public or she would run to the back of her yard and look for a bush. It was clear that she would have to run into her back yard, but this was almost impossible. She stood up slowly, holding onto her crotch. She was a sprinter, if anyone could sprint into her back yard in seconds it would be her. She held her crotch once more and started sprinting. But after just a few meters she lost control of her bladder, she finally found a bush but by then her bladder was emptying uncontrollably. After a full minute her bladder was empty again.

She made her way back to the front door when her mother returned from shopping. Freya was lucky because it was raining, her mother didn't notice what just happened to Freya. But Freya still had to get rid of the smell of the urine, she had a quick fix she sprayed a little deodorant on her pants to cover the smell. Freya immediately ran up to her room and got herself new panties and pants. She immediately threw the pissed clothes in the washing machine. Freya's bladder was so empty after that that she didn't even have to go Once the toilet for the Rest of the day.

The End

