A Self-Fulfilling Prophecy (complete and revised)

Author: brucejedi

*005*2021-04-22 03:22

Chapter 6. Birthday Adventures

Over time, Courtney improved at peeing on cue. Certain techniques helped, such as running the faucet or picturing Niagara Falls. At times, though, her body still refused to cooperate—and she would emerge from the bathroom anxious and distracted. If circumstance allowed it, she would restart her timer and try again every 20 minutes until she managed to pee. More typically, though, she’d be out and about, or Kyle would be around, leaving her no option but to nervously await the impending flood.

Every so often, she would gaze at a pair of panties and muse about wearing them. By now, she could stay dry for a few hours when fortunes aligned—long enough to try, at least.

“I think you should,” said Allison on the phone.

“I don’t know,” Courtney replied. “The thought of it makes me nervous.”

“Well, it’s an important hurdle to cross.”

“What if I coughed or something? I’d leak right though them.”

“The incontinence pads I sent should help with that.”

“I saw them—thanks! But…those won’t contain a full-on accident, will they?”

Allison was silent for a moment. “Still not feeling any warning signs?”

“Nothing.”

That was the crux of the problem. After weeks of trying, Courtney could stay dry only by strictly regimenting her urination. If she missed a scheduled session for any reason, she might last another hour, or drench her pull-up ten minutes later—her body gave no indication either way.

“When you feel yourself starting to go,” Allison asked, “has your holding time improved at all?”

“A little, but…I still can’t reach the toilet.”

In the evenings sometimes, she would turn her timer off just to see. Then she would start some mindless activity that would let her concentrate on her bladder—like folding laundry. When the urge came on, she would hurry towards the bathroom. Occasionally she would even make it through the door, but never all the way to the toilet. More often, she would flood her pull-up in the act of standing up.

“I’ll send something to help with that too,” said Allison, “—though, I’m not sure you’ll like it.”

Soon after the call ended, Courtney’s phone chimed with its incessant reminder to pee. She faced the toilet and gazed down, thinking of how her errant stream splashed her butt and thighs in her customary seated position. In a stroke of daring, she dropped her pants to her knees and aimed her vulva at the toilet. She had already proven women could pee into it—so why not standing like a man? It might even be less messy this way.

She waited, peering past her sloping breasts at the furry mound that curved out of view. Relaxing the muscles down there felt different from this position. Yet eventually the stream began—if you could call it that. More a wild spray veering this way and that, splashing her thighs, feet, butt—all over the floor, her pants and pull-up, the seat she’d forgotten to raise—everywhere but into the bowl, itself. Well, that was a total disaster. She peeled off her soaking wet clothes. Apparently, wetting her bottom while seated was her best option.

* * *

After mopping and showering, Courtney pondered how long to reset her timer for. One hour, 45 minutes from when it sounded? No, her usual hour-and-a-half was already a stretch. At least she had progressed somewhat in that regard. As Allison had predicted, the urge came less frequently now that Courtney’s inner muscles were stronger. If only she could pass the two-hour mark, pull-ups at work might be within reason. Leaving her desk to “change” that often wouldn’t be too abnormal.

Until then, she was still trapped in diapers from 9 to 5. She would sit anxiously at her desk, the clock on her screen giving clear warning—but if she made a move for the toilet, she knew what her boss would say.

“Another break? Courtney, there’s work to be done.”

She knew this because he had already said as much, the one time she did venture to work in a pull-up. That morning she had peed twice already in the office toilet, proud for staying dry for so long. But then Mr. Mills called her in.

“Enough with the bathroom breaks, Courtney.”

“I’m sorry, sir.”

“Are you feeling alright?”

“Um, yes…it won’t happen again.”

Men could head to the restroom whenever they liked, but if a woman did so too often, that’s how people reacted. After all, you were wearing protection, weren’t you? So Courtney returned to her desk with no option but to count the minutes until her bladder overflowed. She squirmed a bit when the hot liquid soon saturated her pull-up. She used to pay so little attention to such things, but after toilet-training all this time, the sensation was starting to bother her.

* * *

Shortly the package from Allison arrived. Curious what it contained, Courtney opened it immediately. Then she gasped. How had Allison even found one large enough for an adult? The pull-ups she had Courtney using were discreet, and mimicked the diapers everyone else wore. This, though, was big and blue and obvious, advertising that Courtney wished to pee in a grown-up toilet but couldn’t make it there in time—so instead had to use this actual potty. Allison’s instructions were to carry it around the apartment wherever she went.

Courtney cautiously tried sitting in it. It felt bizarre—so low to the ground that her knees bent sharply. She tried spreading her thighs, which allowed her legs to extend more comfortably—but a pull-up stretched between them would surely prohibit that. So she slid everything down just to see, her bare bottom now planted on the plastic rim. And then she felt her bladder contract—probably confusing this for a real toilet. Instead of a tinkle, she heard the sharp sound of pee hitting plastic, tiny droplets ricocheting back against her bottom. When it finished, she glanced around for toilet paper—but of course there was none.

On subsequent days, she would place a roll beside the potty and switch her timer off. At some point she would feel a sudden urge and frantically remove her clothes, then maneuver her rear onto the seat while holding back her stream for dear life. Often it would start before her butt touched down and splatter the rim or the floor. But gradually her holding time improved—or perhaps she grew better at hurriedly undressing. Either way, using the potty became a neater affair.

* * *

One Friday evening, Courtney gazed across the room at the childish receptacle. The past week she, had been placing it farther and farther away—3 ft., 5 ft., 7 ft.—but this felt way too far, especially still wearing her diaper from work, more finicky to pull down. She moved to bring the potty closer—before remembering what day it was: Kyle would be here any minute. So instead she hid it away in her closet, mortified of him seeing it.

Courtney still had yet to tell him anything. She had exhausted all excuses for using the bathroom so often—fixing her makeup, “that time” of the month, changing into something more comfortable. By now, he surely must suspect something. On her way home each Friday, she would plan out how to explain the truth—but when she greeted him, the words would never come. What if he laughed at her for trying to toilet-train? What if he found it unattractive, as if she refused to shave her legs?

Today, though, she was determined. When the doorbell sounded, she mouthed the memorized lines. I have something to tell you, Kyle. I—

“Happy birthday!” he beamed, handing her a present.

The plan forgotten, Courtney unwrapped the box. “It’s beautiful, honey!” She held the slinky grey-and-white dress to her body.

“We have dinner reservations for 7:00. Will you wear it?”

“Of course!”

Courtney whisked off to the bedroom to change. Then she glanced at the tag. Ugh. Keep dreaming, Kyle… I haven’t worn a size six since college. She undressed down to her diaper. Then she stepped into the dress and tugged at the zipper, watching creases form around her hips. After finally clearing that hurdle, it was easier going.

She gazed in the mirror. The dress looked fantastic from the waist up, perfectly framing her breasts. But it was so tight in the rear that every ruffle of her diaper was on full display. Would a pull-up look any better? Unlikely. Suddenly a naughty idea entered her brain.

Courtney walked to the bathroom and carefully locked the door. Then she reached underneath the tall stack of pull-ups to retrieve one of her three pairs of actual underwear. She fingered the delicate fabric.

Lying back on the changing table, she hiked up her dress and removed her diaper. Really? When did I wet this? She tossed it in the trash and cleaned herself up. Then she slipped on the pink panties for the second time ever, her pulse quickening with nervous excitement.

She kicked on a pair of heels and sauntered back to the full-length bedroom mirror. Wow, that looked so much better! No creases, no diaper lines, not a ruffle to be seen. Of course, she could never leave the house like this. She turned towards the bathroom, her game of dress-up over.

Just then the bedroom door flew open. “Darling, we’ll be late! Are you ready?”

“Ack! Sorry, let me use the bathroom real quick.”

“Come on, this place is super strict with reservations. You can change when we get there.”

“But—” Kyle grabbed her arm and practically dragged her through the apartment. Her next phase of toilet-training would be starting now, it seemed. “Wait, one more thing!” She grabbed a stylish purse from the front closet that paired well with the dress.

“Okay, come on, let’s go!” Kyle urged.

The next thing she knew, she was sitting in his car with nothing but two thin layers of fabric between her and the fine leather seat. Her heart raced. Come on, Courtney, it’s only a short ride. You can do this, she tried to convince herself.

“Beautiful evening,” said Kyle.

“What? Oh, yeah, it’s gorgeous.”

“Everything okay?” he asked.

Courtney took a deep, calming breath. “Yes. Sweetheart, thank you for planning such a wonderful birthday. I’m excited about this place! Is it fancy?”

“I’d say you’re appropriately dressed.”

You sure about that, buster? She pressed her thighs together. Without the customary padding between them, she felt practically naked.

* * *

Finally the car pulled into the lot. “I’ll come find you afterwards, okay?” said Courtney, rushing towards the restroom as quickly as her heels would allow. She felt his eyes on her rear. Can he tell what I’m not wearing? she wondered. It must be obvious.

She exhaled deeply as she leaned back against the changing room door. I made it, holy cow. Was that skill, or am I just very lucky? Either way, it was past time for this experiment to end. She lay down and hiked up her dress, feeling around for any leaks. Incredibly, the panties were still dry.

She reached into her purse…but all she encountered was a tube of lipstick and some eyeliner. Ohmygosh, I never transferred any to this bag! She glanced at the dispenser. “Empty,” read the display. Ohmygosh, ohmygosh, ohmygosh! She sat up on the bench, her heart doing somersaults. Maybe I can borrow one from another gal? She headed to the stall to wait for someone to enter. In her nervous state, though, she couldn’t manage to pee. No one came to her rescue, either. Finally she stuffed a wad of toilet paper between her legs in the hopes it could absorb at least something, but her skimpy underwear couldn’t prevent it dislodging and falling to the floor. Out of options, Courtney ventured back out into the world.

“Changing room’s out of supplies,” she muttered to a waitress she passed.

“I’ll tell the manager. He keeps forgetting to order them.”

“Wait, do you—” But the waitress hurried off.

Kyle was perusing the menu when Courtney sat down. “Look, they have roast duck, your favorite!”

“Let’s get it,” she said, her eyes scanning the room. Out of politeness, most women would wait till the end of dinner to change. But maybe someone would need to earlier? Then Courtney could just follow her in. It was worth a shot—the place was packed.

“A pint of lager for the gentleman and a glass of merlot for the birthday girl,” said a waiter approaching their table.

“Hope you don’t mind that I ordered you a drink,” Kyle said. “Bottoms up!”

Courtney smiled nervously and took a sip. Careful, girl, that will go straight to your bladder. They ordered their food and engaged in small talk. Eventually he looked at her glass, still nearly full. “Drink up, birthday girl! This is your special night.”

“I’m sorry…I got too distracted by the conversation.” She took another sip, then another so as not to draw suspicion. Mmm, this was high-quality wine.

Finally another lady moved in the direction of the restrooms. “Excuse me, Kyle, I’ll be back in a moment.”

He clutched her hand. “Look, our food is here! Let’s enjoy it while it’s hot. You just changed, didn’t you?”

“Okay, honey.” Courtney sipped more wine to calm her nerves. A few minutes later, the lady returned from the restroom, dry ruffles crinkling beneath her skirt. Courtney gazed on longingly.

“Can I taste your duck?” Kyle asked.

“Sure.”

“Wow, that’s delicious! Hey, sorry I didn’t say this on our rush out the door, but you look gorgeous tonight.” She felt his warm hand on her thigh.

“Aww, thanks sweetheart.” And then Courtney felt another source of warmth between her legs. Oh no, oh no!

As quickly as it started, it stopped, turning cold and clammy. This felt nothing like wetting a diaper; the dampness hugged her skin—more personal, and a thousand times more frightening. She tried to compose herself. It was only a small leak—maybe it didn’t even soak through? She managed a smile as she pushed Kyle’s hand off her thigh. “Let’s enjoy the food for now.” Then she added softly, “Plenty of time for that later, right?”

He winked, and Courtney took another large sip of wine, parting her legs to help things dry.

Soon another woman stood and moved towards the restroom. Courtney nearly rushed in after to beg for a spare diaper, but one look at Kyle convinced her otherwise. She’d acted distracted all evening, and he seemed to notice. Maybe that one leak was enough to hold her through dinner?

They chatted some more. Then Kyle leaned in close. “Watcha wearing under there? Something sexy for later?”

Oh no, he must know! She tried to stall. “Um, nothing up top…just the dress.”

“That’s hot, and your diaper?”

“Um, what?”

“What style is it? I want to paint a picture in my mind.”

“Oh—” He doesn’t know, after all. “Pink, with the crisscross straps.”

“Even hotter.” Then he leaned in closer still. “How badly have you wet it?”

“Kyle,” Courtney whispered. “Do we have to talk about this at a fancy restaurant?”

“No,” he whispered back, “we can talk about totally boring unsexy things. That’s totally fine by me.”

She giggled out loud—causing more pee to squirt into her underwear. This one was worse than the first, the wetness spreading down towards her butt.

Kyle drew out his joke. “How do you think the weather will be tomorrow?” he asked in monotone.

“Cloudy, I’d say,” she responded in kind. Her bottom felt very damp, pressed against the chair with no padding in between. She squirmed a bit, picturing the dark spot that had surely formed on her dress. I’ll just say my diaper leaked. But then she felt something of far greater concern—a dull pressure building, like a distant train approaching. She glanced down at her wineglass, practically empty. Oh no.

“Rain, you think, as well?” asked Kyle.

No, dry weather. Think dry weather… She tried every trick she knew: pressing her thighs together, rocking from side to side, even shoving her hand between her legs.

“Everything okay, Courtney?”

“Um…um…” She felt her face grow flush. She fought to clench the nascent muscles in her groin, but the train sped towards her unabated. “Excuse me, Kyle.” She stood in her heels, trembling, her thighs still clamped together like a vice.

As she stumbled towards the restroom, even more pee escaped, seeping through the panties and trickling down her leg. She picked up speed, nearly tripping in her heels, but she managed to catch herself on the handle to the changing room door. Another strong jet shot into her panties, thoroughly wetting her bottom. Then, miraculously, it stopped. She pushed open the door and fixed on the lone stall in the corner. Careful not to trip again, she sauntered towards it, a smile growing that she’d avoided a full-on accident.

Before she could lift the latch, though, the pressure returned with a vengeance. She cried out as the train crashed into her, smashing open the floodgate. Pee gushed into her underwear, streaming down both legs and onto the floor. She had no ability to stop it; she could only lift her dress up to avoid soaking it even worse. Soon the torrent slowed to a trickle and then ceased. Courtney stared down at the puddle she had produced, wondering how she could exit this bathroom with her dignity intact.

Just then the door flew open, and a young waitress burst in. “Everything okay, ma’am? You ran in here awfully quick, and I thought it might be a diaper incident. Is there anything I can—oh my, you poor thing!”

Courtney racked her brain for excuses. That she peed herself while changing? But then why would she be over here by the stall? That she forgot to stock her purse? True enough, but what girl would sit through all of dinner with no protection? Only you, Courtney. All she could think to say was the truth.

So she waddled over to the changing table, still holding up her dress. “I’m sorry I made such a giant mess. I was wearing…this worthless thing.” She slithered the sopping wet panties down her legs, then sat down to remove them the rest of the way. They continued to drip as she held them up.

“What are those?” asked the waitress.

“Women’s underwear.”

“But, how are they even supposed to work?”

“You’re not supposed to wet them. They’re for women who are toilet-trained.”

“Huh? But that’s not possible…”

“There’s a theory out there that it is. I’ve been trying—clearly not very successfully.” Courtney grabbed a handful of wipes and started mopping the pee off her legs. The waitress stared at her incredulously. “Actually, I wasn’t even planning to wear these here. You see—”

“—I’ll go get a mop and a towel. In the meantime, I think you better put this on.” She tossed Courtney a diaper from her purse before walking out the door.

Courtney fastened it carefully, feeling foolish for going without one for so long. Then she turned in the mirror to survey the damage. Dark streaks ran every which way down the skirt of the dress. How could she possibly explain this to Kyle? As she pondered this, she rinsed out the panties in the sink, wrapped them in toilet paper, and stuffed them in her purse.

The waitress soon returned. “Here, wrap yourself in this. If anyone asks, tell them your diaper leaked badly.”

“Thank you,” said Courtney, taking the towel. “I’m really sorry this happened.”

“If you want my advice, forget this potty-training thing, or you’ll end up soaking everything you own.” With that, she started mopping up the yellow puddle.

When Kyle saw Courtney emerge wrapped in the towel, he hugged her profusely. “I’m so sorry, love, I should have let you change sooner. I guess that style’s not very absorbent.”

“No, it’s not that… A whole lot worse, actually…” she struggled for words. She couldn’t spill the truth now, not with a sopping wet skirt. “I, um…peed myself while changing, and I got it all over the beautiful dress you bought me. Kyle, I’m so embarrassed!”

“Oh, sweetie that’s terrible.” He placed an arm around her as they walked to the car. “It must be hard being so dependent on diapers. Like you said that night…you go without one even for a moment, and disaster can strike. But I guess that’s part of being female, huh?”

A hundred thoughts raced through Courtney’s head. Actually, I managed to pee in the toilet earlier today… If we were encouraged to do that as little girls… But it was far easier just to say, “Yeah, diapers are a fact of life for us. It’s scary ever to go without.”
