Experiment Gone Wrong (Avengers Fanfiction)

Author: BurstingStory

*000*2019-06-08 17:41

The sun had just risen on the new Avengers base. In their separate dorms, three of the primary Avengers had all risen up nice and early. Carol Danvers, Natasha Romanoff, and Wanda Maximoff all had just woken up and began to get dressed. Today, they would be going out on a mission, and it would require a nice long travel to get there. The trio all got dressed in their uniforms, Wanda in her red corset and coat, Natasha in her black catsuit, and Carol in her signature suit as well. Considering they were all very capable Avengers, they were quite confident in their chance of success for the mission.

However, the night before, Tony Stark had instructed the three of them to visit his personal lab before they departed. He was working on a new project that would allow Carol and Wanda to enhance their abilities even further, and potentially allow Natasha to use a new weapon for herself. Each of the Avengers agreed, and the three of them quickly made their way down to the lab, where Tony was already waiting, working on his computer. He appeared quite busy, but perked up when he saw them enter into the room.

"Good morning ladies...I have everything set up...I just need you in the room over there." He informed, pointing to a room in the corner of the lab. It was marked with a bio-hazard sticker on the front, but Tony was quite careful to ensure that everything would be fine. The trio entered into the room, and found themselves in a slightly cramped space, with a small table on it. There was a small spear on it, something that Natasha could use, if the project worked the way it was intended.

Tony spoke calmly through the intercom, explaining what was going to happen. "Alright...we have been working with a different version of gamma radiation...it will allow you all an edge in the field...and it will make your lives easier in the field." He spoke calmly, and the three of them slowly nodded their heads, satisfied.

Natasha was smiling slightly, a little bit apprehensive. She had seen what gamma radiation did to Bruce Banner, but she was quite eager to have a new weapon that she could use in the field. If she could use the gamma radiation in battle, it would make her even more lethal than she was already. She was still a little bit nervous about its potential side effects, and she hoped that Tony had managed to get all of the kinks out of the project.

Tony finished up the beginning stage and he began to count down through the intercom. He set up the gamma radiation to beam directly at Carol and Wanda, and towards the spear for Natasha. He was careful not to use a large amount, wanting to keep the exposure to a minimum, only to help them. The countdown was nearly finished, and Tony hit the button for the final go ahead, as the beams readied up.

With about five seconds to go in the countdown, something malfunctioned. Tony's eyes went wide as the radiation levels increased, above their designed capacity. He tried frantically to shut the device down, but it was simply too late. The beams began to start shooting gamma radiation towards the Avengers, but the increased levels were too much for the power supply to handle, and the power immediately shot off.

Everything in the lab went dark, and black shutters began to drop down in the room where the three Avengers were. The radiation appeared to stop, but now there was now visibility in the pitch black room. "What happened to the lights?" Wanda inquired, as she tried the door where they came out of, but it was bolted shut due to the shutters. The entire room had gone on lockdown, due to the surge in radiation.

In the lab, the lights began to come on again, along with the ones in the containment room. Since the radiation stopped, the power levels were back to normal, but the lockdown was still ongoing. Tony came back onto the intercom, his voice quite concerned.

"There...maybe a slight problem...it looks like you're going to be in there for a while, until the lockdown ends. The radiation didn't work like we wanted...and there was an unforeseen side effect...this type of gamma radiation strongly irritates the bladder...and you three were exposed to a large dose of it...I would get comfortable, it could be a while..."

In the room, Wanda, Carol, and Natasha gave each other nervous looks, as the reality of Stark's words set in, and the three of them immediately knew exactly what the side effect was...

*007*2019-06-11 19:16

Wanda, Carol, and Natasha all grimaced, and looked around nervously. They felt the sudden and rapid increase in their urge to relieve their bladders. Having come directly from their rooms without a bathroom break, they all had a slight urge to go even before the experiment started, which was worsened by the malfunction. The three of them began pacing nervously, all trying to think of ways to break out, if they could.

"It only looks like steel...maybe we could just use our powers to break out of it? It shouldn't be that hard for me." Carol spoke up and prepared to use her powers in order to break the wall that enclosed them. However, before she could speak, Tony interjected over the intercom.

"The gamma had another effect...evidently it weakens the body and extra forces that are tied directly to it. That means...your powers are severely weakened by the radiation...it's unlikely you will be able to break through, until we get you all out." He said calmly, before diverting his attention back to fixing the problem.

Audible groans came out from the women, who continued pacing around. "We have to find a way out of here...this is so annoying!" Natasha groaned and rolled her eyes in clear frustration. Wanda remained completely silent, suffering from a worse fate, even than Carol and Natasha.

Wanda's outfit compressed her bladder inwards, and now with the added pressure, it was pressed up directly against her corset. Wanda could feel an added sense of pressure with any movement that she made. She reached down and began to sneakily loosen the knots on her corset, trying to relieve some of the pressure on her bladder, even if it would expose a little bit more of her body.

Natasha was tempted to unzip her catsuit, wanting to rub her bulging bladder, but thought better against it. She was in front of two people who she didn't know all too well, and didn't want to expose much of her bare chest. However, she noticed Wanda and frowned slightly, feeling bad for the girl. She could tell that she was quite uncomfortable, and was in some clear pain.

"Wanda...it's alright. You're quite strong...and I know you can hold on." Natasha spoke calmly, trying to be as optimistic as possible. However, she was feeling nervous on Tony's ability to get them out of the lockdown.

Wanda slowly nodded her head and looked back as her hands were placed on her lower abdomen, rubbing her bladder gently. There was a clear bulge there, and her facial expression was one of concern.

Carol soon came over and looked at the two of them, looking quite serious. "This is just the worse...I can't believe that Stark would do this to us..." She said suspiciously, feeling as if it was done purposely. Due to her past, she was naturally suspicious, and she was simply not believing that it was an accident or malfunction. She furiously punched the wall, the hard steel failing to bend at all. It seemed as if Tony's words held up true.

Outside, Tony continued working on the malfunction. It appeared as if he would get the malfunction fixed, but a new problem seemed to arise. The radiation had activated some of the fire suppression systems, which were quickly turned off when Tony managed to turn off the radiation. However, one of the sprinklers right above the containment room had stopped to a point, but now it seemed to slowly turn back on. The water began to drip directly onto the top of the wall, forming a small puddle. Tony thought nothing of it, and decided not to turn it off, focusing on other problems.

However, in the containment room, all the girls could hear was the constant dripping of water, continuing to hit the top of the steel roof, and echoing through the small chamber. The girls were mostly silent, as their aching bladders began to react to the constant dripping of water, and their desperate urge to pee...

*013*2019-06-13 22:38

Tony was still outside, attempting to remove the lockdown. He was making some progress, but he knew that he had to hurry. He was unaware of how much the radiation affected each of the girls' bladders, but he figured that they were having some issues in holding. With nowhere to go, Stark could only imagine the difficulties they were going through.

He continued working hard, and finally managed to remove the lockdown, with a small catch. He gritted his teeth as he came in over the intercom, to give the ladies the news about their potential release. "Alright...I have managed to remove the lockdown. However, it is set to a timer of 30 minutes, and at the 20 minute mark, you all will be sprayed with water...as part of the procedure to remove any radiation." He spoke calmly, slightly nervous on how they would react.

In the chamber, the three ladies groaned loudly at the news. Their bladders were already being tormented by the dripping water, and they would likely have to endure a full stream of water for a solid five minutes. It was Carol who spoke up first, and addressed the other two.

"When we get out...we have to find the bathrooms. Where are they located in this facility?" She inquired, pretending to be less desperate, even though her legs were squeezed tightly together.

"There are no bathrooms in this wing..." Natasha grimaced and gritted her teeth nervously. "There is one bathroom located at the far end of this hallway...but it's a solid 100 yards away from where we all came...not to mention that it's always used."

"There surely has to be others...where is the other closest bathroom?" Wanda whimpered slightly, as her right hand was rubbing the base of her tights, where there was a sizable bulge from her bladder.

"We have the largest bathroom at the other end of the facility...and it's always empty." Natasha stated but grimaced slightly. Those bathrooms were always empty, but the furthest away from their current location.

Carol looked at the other two and spoke up cockily. "I will be the one using the restroom closest. I am the most important Avenger out of you two...and therefore I will have priority between you two." Her attitude strongly irritated Wanda and Natasha and they both looked at each other, frowning. They were clearly annoyed at Carol's attitude and her arrogance.

"Excuse me?" Natasha snarled at her hand raised an eyebrow skeptically. "We'll see about that...you are going to wait like Wanda and myself...there's nothing special about you..." She had previously thought about doing something similar, and somehow preventing the two of them from going to the bathroom before her. However, her judgement got the better of her, and she decided it would be better if she waited.

Carol simply laughed. "You think you can stop me? I am more powerful than both of you...and I will be using the bathroom first." She demanded, as she turned around. She began to rub her abdomen slightly. For all of her powers, she was still human to an extent, and felt an equal amount of pressure in her bladder, that was begging her to be released.

Tony interjected over the intercom. "The spray down is about to begin...I would suggest preparing yourselves." He said, as a the sprinklers activated in the containment room, intending to wash away the radiation. However, now it was about to torment their bladders immensely. As soon as the girls heard the sprinklers turn on, they all groaned, knowing that they would have a rough 20 minutes in store...."

*019*2019-06-14 22:25

The water jets continued spraying them down, as the women continued pacing nervously, back and forth. They could feel their desperation increase with every passing minute, knowing that they were coming much closer towards their escape and eventual release of their full bladders.

Carol still had a smug look on her face, even as she paced around. She intended to beat Wanda and Natasha to the nearest bathroom, and would be first to use it. Even if they tried to stop her, she was confident her abilities would come back to her, and would easily overpower the two women. She wasn't keen on embarrassing the other two, but sh e also didn't want to embarrass herself in the process. Besides, she felt she had proven herself the most in combat, and was therefore obligated to have this certain privilege, unlike Wanda or Natasha.

The other two simply looked fearful, knowing that there was a high probability that one of the two would likely wet themselves before they could reach the bathroom. Natasha was about to speak up and say something, trying to encourage each other, but Wanda gave out a loud gasp before she could do so.

Both Carol and Natasha turned to look at Wanda, who had a shocked look on her face, as her legs were squeezed together, but they could tell what happened. Wanda whimpered slightly, as a torrent of pee trickled down her pants, and onto the floor below them. It mixed in with the spray from the water, but it was clearly noticeable based on Wanda's facial expression.

Wanda looked panicked for a second, but that fear soon turned to relief, knowing that she didn't have to hold on any longer. She was still enormously embarrassed, having just wet herself in front of two other superheroes, both of which had made it longer than she had. However, there was no more pain in her bladder, and she had finally got that sweet relief that she desperately coveted.

Wanda ducked her head as Carol walked over, her smug look turning to a slight grin. "I see someone couldn't hold it in...what a child..." She teased, laughing slightly. Even though her own desperation was quite urgent, she couldn't help but rub it in Wanda' s face. She in turn, gritted her teeth and stormed to the other side of the room where Natasha was leaned up against a wall, still trying to hold in her own bladder.

Wanda looked a bit upset now, bitter at how she was treated by Carol. She turned and looked at Natasha before slightly smiling. "I have a plan in place...to make sure she gets what she deserves." She whispered into Natasha's ear, who looked intrigued by it. She wasn't one for creating a rivalry between teammates, but after seeing how arrogant Carol was, Natasha was all aboard now.

"I'll use my power to...ensure that her zipper won't come loose...as you go off to the other bathroom...then once your done...we can have a little bit of fun with her...and ensure she never forgets this day." Wanda spoke, somewhat confident in her plan. She knew Carol was one of the most powerful Avengers, but Wanda felt that she would be able to do something as simple as make one zipper get stuck.

Natasha slowly nodded her head in acceptance with the plan. She was slightly nervous, unsure of the success of the plan, but she felt bad for Wanda, and wanted Carol to pay for her arrogance. However, she also had to worry about her own bladder as well, as she had to make her way to the opposite side of the building, to use the restrooms there.

As the countdown finished, Tony came in over the intercom. "Alright...the countdown finishes in 3...2...1..." He said, as the steel doors lifted, and the girls were finally free...

*024*2019-06-15 20:11

As soon as the countdown finished, Natasha bolted out of the door, and into the laboratory where they originally entered. Carol was immediately behind her, but Wanda held out her hand, and thus stopped her from exiting. Wanda immediately held out both of her hands, and fiddled around with the zipper on Carol's suit, hoping that she could ensure that it would be stuck.

Wanda knew she wouldn't have long before Carol realized what was going on and could react. Wanda focused in on the front of Carol's suit where her zipper was located, and she managed to lock it in place, before she let her go.

"How dare you?" Carol scowled and glared at her, before using her powers to bolt out of the door. Carol would deal with Wanda later. For now, she had to ensure that she would be first in line for the bathroom.

Meanwhile, Natasha had made her way out and was rushing down the hallway as fast as she could. By now, her bladder was screaming for release, and she couldn't help it as some of her bladder's contents leaked out into her panties as she sprinted towards the bathrooms at the opposite end of the compound. Nearly everyone she encountered along her way gave her a puzzled look, as they were unaware of why she was sprinting as fast as she could.

Natasha's hands were on her crotch as she attempted to hold through her catsuit as the bathrooms were in sight. She noticed the sign hanging above the door that signified the bathroom, and there was no line outside, which was a good thing for her. As soon as she got close, she threw open the door and entered in. There were a few stalls, and none of them were occupied.

Natasha quickly unzipped her catsuit, and entered into a stall. She unzipped it all the way, and removed her dampened panties down towards her knees, as she relaxed her bladder muscles, and let the torrent of pee gush out of her, and into the toilet, as she got the relief she had coveted for so long. It felt extremely liberating to not have to worry about holding her bladder any longer, and she was incredibly relieved now.

Meanwhile, Carol had just left the laboratory and was sprinting to the restroom much closer. She didn't care if there was a wait, she felt that she had priority over everyone else. Sure enough, a small line had gathered outside the one stall that was available for each gender. There was about three ladies waiting in line and they all appeared to have a strong urge to go, one was holding their crotch, and the other two appeared to look quite nervous, with their legs pressed tightly.

Carol immediately made her way to the front of the line. The other ladies began to object but as Carol turned around, they all backed down, not wanting to antagonize her. Besides, she was technically higher in seniority than the other three, who were all of less important jobs. The person occupying the toilet was taking her sweet time, unaware of the desperate ladies that were waiting in line to relieve their bladders.

As Carol was waiting, Wanda and Natasha made their way down towards the bathroom that Carol occupied. They both had slight smirks on their faces, eager for what might happen. Carol rolled her eyes as she saw the two coming, knowing that it was likely that Natasha was able to relieve herself.

"Excuse me ladies...but I believe you will have to find another bathroom." Natasha informed, to the grunts of the three workers who were waiting patiently. They all began to walk off, but at a hurried pace to ensure they could make it to the bathroom.

Soon, the occupant in the bathroom exited, and Carol immediately made a run for it, but Wanda used her powers to slam the door shut, and she was able to lock it from the inside. "I don't think so..." She laughed slightly as she shook her head.

"I bet you have to go so badly...don't you? Imagine the powerful being such as yourself not being able to hold your bladder in..." Natasha teased and motioned towards a nearby camera. "I'll bet whoever's watching is going to have such a good show..." She laughed slightly, as Carol's facial expression turned quite serious. She shook her head, and held her crotch with her hand.

Carol looked at the bathroom door handle, and tried to open it as hard as she could, but the handle flew off and landed harmlessly at the opposite end of the hallway. Her eyes went wide, as she knew there was no way to get into the bathroom now, unless she broke down the door entirely.

"Ah...what a shame. You might need that to get into the bathroom..." Wanda teased and walked over towards her, as she gently rubbed her hand on Carol's abdomen. "You must've been even more desperate than us...you have such a large bulge..." She smiled at her. "You know...for your troubles...I'll let you into the bathroom..." Wanda said and winked over at Natasha.

Carol smiled slightly, knowing that she would have the chance to finally relieve herself! It turns out everything would work out after all. Wanda used her powers to open the door, as Carol bolted inside. Once inside, she began to attempt to unzip her outfit. However, she began to tug at the zipper, but it failed to budge loose. It appeared that Wanda was able to make her zipper stuck, and that she couldn't remove her outfit.

Carol continued tugging as hard as she could, trying to remove her outfit. However, the sight of the toilet made her desperation even worse, and it eventually overwhelmed her. Carol gasped loudly as her bladder muscles gave in, and a torrent of pee gushed out through her panties into her uniform. There was a clear dampened spot where her crotch was, and it grew steadily, as pee trickled out through onto the ground, and a puddle began to form in the bathroom. Carol was incredibly embarrassed, especially after taunting Wanda for her failure to hold it. Now, she had wet herself, and it was even more humiliating for her, being as powerful as she was.

Wanda and Natasha simply watched as the powerful Captain Marvel had wet herself, and the two couldn't help but laugh.

"It looks like you might need to clean yourself up..."

