Kakegurui - Pleiades (Igarashi Sayaka + Momobami twins)

Author: BB88

*000*2019-07-31 21:38

This is a long one, so I'll be splitting it into three parts. I don't usually write anything remotely as complicated as this, so I'd like to hear your opinions, if you feel like it.

The story takes place after the fifth chapter of my Kakegurui NSFW/Omo series, so check it out if you want some more background.

This chapter is just an introduction, but please, mind the fact that in the next chapters things will not only become 'wetter', but there is going to be some non-consensual rough playing.

Hope you enjoy, if you don't, no problem.

Summary: A week has passed since Sayaka was allowed to sleep in the Momobami's estate. As she considers the changes in the bond between her and the President, Kirari decides she wants to try a new game...

(Sayaka's P.O.W.)

A pleasant day: the afternoon sun was an amiable companion as I made my way through the hallways of the Academy. There weren't many students around. The Election kept the lesser part busy, while most of them were already heading home

With every step, my feet bathed in the puddles of light coming through the windows.

Things were going well: even if Terano had ammassed enough votes to be in first place, the President and the Vice-President were right behind her. It would have taken nothing more than a bet between them to get back on top.

I didn't doubt that the President could have taken care of Terano on her own. She was the greatest Student Council President the school had ever had. In the golden age the Academy was living, she could only be compared to one of the ancient principes of the venerable Roman Empire. My faith in her was as strong as ever, maybe even more.

However, as Secretary, it was my duty to do anything I could in order to support her.

A week ago she had allowed me to sleep in her home. We had had breakfast together the next morning before riding to school in the same car, along with the Vice-President. I found myself holding back a smile. I still couldn't believe it.

In front of the care she had shown me, the money I was squandering in the Election was nothing. I was ready to give away all my funds if I had to.

My pace became quicker. I wanted to meet her. I barely saw the few students walking with me in the solemn halls. I was lost in the thought of her, who I loved more than my own life.

I recalled her elegant features, her snow-like skin, her hands, so pale and yet commanding, her eyes, as blue as a clear autumn sky.

Unaware of the crooked corner of my mouth, I stood before the closed doors of the Student Council meeting-room.

I knocked before announcing: "Pardon my intrusion. "

She was there.

Sitting at her rightful place at the head of the table, Kirari moved her eyes on me. A smile rose to her lips. The documents and pen in her hands were forgotten for a moment. I noticed with difficulty the presence of the Vice-President, standing at her side. The huge aquariums, with their bluish hue and their inhabitants, might have as well been non-existent.

"Ah, welcome back Sayaka. ", said the President. "I've been waiting for you. "

A lively spark of joy warmed my chest. Trying to keep it hidden, I bowed my head and said: "Good evening, President, Vice-President. Is there anything I can help you with? "

"The answer should be yes. However, I see that someone has already taken care of everything. "

Her playful glance warmed my chest up. She was right, of course. I had taken care of each and every file on her desk in the morning. The only thing that was left to do was sign them. If I could, I would have done that too in her stead.

"I am still the President after all. You should let me do my job once in a while. ", she joked.

"Your burden is already heavy, ma'am. It is only natural for me to do anything I can to make it lighter. "

As I spoke, I walked toward her. Then I stood, composed, at a respectful distance from the two sisters.

As much as I wanted to be the usual, professional Secretary- classes were over, but we were still in school after all- I found myself struggling with the desire to kiss Kirari's hand and put my head in her lap. She was the idol of my devotion. Having her so close to me made me feel like I could almost hear the bells of the temples I had build for her in my heart.

I loved her so much.

"Your help is most appreciated. ", said Kirari. She set down the pen and rested her marble-like jaw on her hand. Her eyes gleamed, teasing. "I'm glad to see your efforts. But there's one last thing I would really like to ask of you. Unless you don't feel up to it… ? "

Inside I was aglow, but my head cleared up at once. My eyes looked into hers without faltering as I said: "I'm here to carry out any of your directions. Ask anything of me, please, and I will do it without delay. "

For a moment, the President observed my attitude in silence. Then, little by little, she allowed herself to chuckle.

On my part, it took an unimaginable effort to hide my pleasure at the magnificent show of her mirth. My expression didn't change, but I couldn't command the sparkle in my eyes or the heat in my cheeks.

"You're always so diligent, Sayaka. You almost put me in a difficult situation; I was simply about to ask for a cup of tea. Should I ask for something more complex? ", said the President.

I opened up in a small smile.

"I shall make some tea. For the Vice-President too. ", I added out of politeness.

Kirari dismissed me with a nod. I didn't have to look twice to see that even if the pen was back in her hand her smile hadn't left.

I entered the adjacent room as if I was walking on air.

The kettle was already full. How many times had I turned the stove on? How many leaves had I used, how many cups had I prepared, how many minutes had I waited for the water to boil in order to please the President?

The time I had spent doing those things was… timeless. It was an eternity, it had never really started, it felt as if it had always been like this. And yet, it was nothing compared to the time I still wanted to pass with the President.

I made the tea with the utmost care. Once it was ready, I put the kettle and two cups on a tray and carried them in the other room.

The bitter-sweet aroma of the tea filled the air as I poured it. Its scent and look were perfect, but only the President could tell. I stepped back and waited in silence. I let her take her time with the documents, trying not to bother her with my expectations.

When she put down the pen, her eyes met mine.

No one broke the silence as she took her cup. The Vice-President didn't touch hers. I wondered if I had made a mistake in preparing one for her without waiting for an actual reply, but I didn't mind it.

The President took a sip. Maybe I had gotten too full of myself, or maybe that day I was distracted and not as sharp as usual. But in that moment I though I saw her growing a little more relaxed. Which was weird, it was a first!

At times I though that the President's face was harder than the Vice-President to read. She showed everything, and yet nothing.

She was a mistery.

Just like I was an enigma for her.

And, as I recalled with warm cheeks, she had openly stated that she liked me all the better for it.

"As I though. ", said the President. This time I didn't have to ask. In her voice, I could hear the smile she hid in her cup.

My hands rested in my lap in my usual poise, but I had to clench them in order to hide my emotions.

I bowed my head and gave my thanks.

The atmosphere in the room felt so calm, so familiar, so wonderfully ours: I stood, obedient, as the President enjoyed the tea that I had prepared for her with my own hands. Not even the Vice-President bothered us. Rather, even if I blush admitting it, she made it even better. She was the President's sister: one day, if all went well, she would become my sister too. If I closed my eyes and let myself think of that day, of marriage and family, of rings and a white veil, Ririka was there too. And I was fine with that.

Everything was going to be all right as long as the President kept me by her side.

My silly day-dreaming was interrupted by the sudden opening of the door. I turned, startled and somewhat embarassed: first I saw the orange hood. Then, Yomozuki Runa's jolly face came in.

"Yoo-oh! ", she exlaimed, cheerful.

I greeted her with a small bow, while the President said: "Hello there Runa. No knocking? "

I wondered if she too had been enjoying our little moment. If she had been annoyed by the interruption, though, she didn't show it.

"Whoops, my bad! I wonder, will you forgive me if I tell you I bring good news? "

Yomozuki winked. The lollipop between her lips bobbed with each word. After all those years, I still had no idea of how could she speak as clearly as she did with those things in her mouth. She paused to move the lolly, then added, in a cunning manner: "That is all ready and set. "

"That…? ", I thought intrigued.

I wasn't looking at the President. And yet, I could feel the atmosphere in the room changing as she received those words.

When I did glance at her, I noticed how her eyes were glimmering with interest.

"Oh? ", she said. "You assure me that everything could be started at once? "

Yomozuki chuckled, her violet eyes sparkled with the usual perkiness. "Of course! After all, this is a very special request from no other than our beloved President! I personally made sure everything was as you had ordered. "

"Very well. " Kirari got up. The whole room seemed to move with her: Yomozuki opened the door for her, The Vice-President got ready to follow her and I stepped forward in order to collect the documents before doing the same.

I had no idea of what was going on, but I wasn't worried. I just had to trust her. I was sure I would find out in a matter of minutes.

Or so I thought.

"Ah, Sayaka. ", called the President, noticing my gestures. "There's no need for you to follow us. You'd be more useful here, in case someone comes looking for me. I shall be back soon. Are you okay with that? "

She looked at me one last time. Something inside of me grew cold and disquieting. I forced myself to hide it, as I replied: "Of course. I shall wait for your return. "

She smiled.

"Good. The tea will grow cold. Finish it for me, would you? If the fact that I drank from the cup bothers you "-it did not, I could assure her- "Take the other. It's far too good to waste it. "

"Yes, ma'am. ", I said.

The doors closed between us. I was left alone with the two smoking cups, the unknowing fishes and my doubts.

"She jumped off a five-floor tower to keep me safe. There's nothing to be worried about. It's going to be fine. ", I kept telling myself.

I looked around the room that just a moment ago had contained my whole world. I couldn't help being worried. But if the President hadn't told me about it, it meant that it didn't concern me. She could take care of it on her own.

Everything was going to be fine, I just had to keep my faith.

To distract myself, I looked at the cups: the President's was smeared with blue lipstick. I didn't dare to drink from that side, even if I can't deny I wanted to with all my heart. I was content with looking at the faint shape of her lips and touching the same liquid her mouth had touched. The cup was almost full; she had only had the chance to sip it. But it was still warm, and I drank it all with pleasure.

I don't know if the President's praise had gotten to my head or if it was really the truth, but I thought the taste was indeed different.

As the minutes went on, I finished the other cup and hoped for the best.

\\ \\ \\

They weren't gone for too long.

After fifteen or maybe twenty minutes, I heard the doors opening.

"Welcome back. ", I greeted them.

While waiting I had cleaned up the tea set and the documents, disposing of those that were ready. If the President needed them, she knew shere to find them.

"Hello again Sayaka. ", she said. She looked pleased. The corner of her lips was bent and there was something in her gaze which intrigued me.

I didn't know if I should have been more anxious or relieved. I decided to hide my curiosity and see if she would satisfy it on her own.

After that one time with the elicopter, I thought I had learnt my lesson.

"Have faith, have faith… ", I kept telling myself.

"Should I get some more tea ready? ", I asked to all three of them.

"No thanks! ", said Yomotuski. Her lollipop was different, I wondered how many she had eaten while she was gone.

The Vice-President might have as well been a statue. She said nothing and didn't make a move.

"Thank you, but maybe later my dear. ", replied the President.

Normally, I would have bowed my head, said 'Of course', or something of the sort. But this time… something was different. The President's eyes were looking for something in my face. She looked calm, sure, but it only made it more unnerving.

"What is going on? ", I asked myself for the up-tenth time.

Unable to fully hide my distress, I asked: "Is there anything else I can do for you? "

Kirari glanced at the gargantuan aquarium on her left. "Not the best of omens… " I thought. I tried to ignore the anxiety growing in me.

"As a matter of fact, yes. However, it is up to you to chose whether you want to comply or not. I won't order it. "

Her eyes stared and stared. I had to make an effort not to lose my thoughts in those pools.

The situation was taking a turn for the worse: the President was the one who made the choices. When she left things to fate, or to those that fate brought to her, nothing good ever came out of it. Like with Jabami Yumeko…

I clenched my teeth. My nails found their way in my palms.

"Calm down, calm down… "

Pushing away the memory of the white lily in her breast-pocket, I said: "What is it, if I may ask? "

The President smiled.

"Of course. ", I thought. "Asking was like giving up. She thinks I'll feel forced to say yes. And as usual, I'm afraid she won't be wrong… "

"You see, while we were gone Runa showed me a wonderful set-up I'm planning to use for the Elections. 'Pleiades' is how I decided to call it. I want to test its games. "

Gambling. I had to refrain from grimacing.

The Pleiades are a group of seven stars, rapresenting seven sisters of the Greek mythology. I expected the number of games would be the same, or something similar. The President was aware of my hate for gambling. I hoped with all my heart that she would ask me to act as dealer, and nothing more.

I was right in only one of my predictions.

"There are seven rooms, each of them with a different game, and thus different rules. I'd like you to join me in a gamble to see if they can actually be any good for winning votes. If not, we shall pass a pleasant afternoon, at least. "

I wasn't so sure about that. The only moment in which I could really enjoy a gamble was when I stood behind the President while she played, and all I had to do was trust her intellect, or her luck, or whatever innate ability had allowed her to remain undefeated for so long.

Gambling is not supposed to be a hobby. No person in their right mind would choose it to kill time.

Gambling was made to destroy people's lives by giving them the illusion of obtaining a better one.

Keeping that in mind, I asked: "What are the stakes? "

She seemed pleased: I knew from the start that there was no way she would play without risks. Even if I didn't doubt that she expected me to lose, maybe she was enjoying the fact that in my own way I was already putting up a fight.

"You know me too well, Sayaka. ", she said. "Last time it was one of the most enjoyiable gambles I have ever had the chance to witness. However, I won't ask you to bet your all again. "

"Thank goodness. ", I thought holding back a sigh. The President paced around the table as she spoke. Now, she came to stand before me, arms crossed on her bosom, her pale eyes a tempting devil for the uneasiness in my chest.

"Would it be too cliché to say 'the loser has to do anything the winner says for a day' ? "

"It would be unfair. ", I replied. "You can't win what you already own. "

Her smile grew wider.

I knew she would have liked those words. Being reminded that I belonged to her and no-one else, not even to myself, was a pleasure for me too.

My actions had given the predicted results: for a moment, the illusion of control was before my eyes.

Observing her expression, I didn't let myself savour too much of that insignificant victory.

"On the other hand, though, you would win quite the pot, wouldn't you? "

I didn't reply.

"Oh well. ", she said. "I guess acting as dealer for all those years made you too susceptible to unfairness. "

She seemed to pause for a moment. A part of me thought she knew perfectly well what she was going to say, even without thinking about it.

Maybe the President was right: I knew her too well. Yet, keeping up with her only seemed to grow harder.

"How about this: if i win, I'll offer you a dinner in one of the most exclusive restaurants of the capital. Only the two of us. " She stepped forth and I held my breath, blushing without knowing why. "Usually it takes months to get in the waiting list, but that won't be a problem. Of course, I will cover all the costs myself and everything will be cared for. You won't have to worry about a single thing, aside from enjoying yourself. On the other hand… "

Another step. She was so close I could smell her perfume. Her eyes, always her eyes. They were a weakness of mine. The more I tried not to lose myself in them, the more I saw their beauty. They were delicate, fathomless galaxies: the Pleiades themselves couldn't compare.

I don't know if the President knew what I was thinking. If she did, I don't doubt she was taking advantage of it.

The intensity of her stare became hard to bear: my own eyes started to run away.

They found refuge in the gold of her engraved buttons, in the elegant line of her jaw, in the diaphanous delicacy of her skin.

In the softness of her lips.

I grew crimson.

I looked away and followed with difficulty what she said next.

"If you lose, you'll apologise to Yumeko for the way you treated her during the live broadcast. I won't tell you the exact cost of our dinner, that would be rude. Suffice to say ,though, that on top of the apologise, the same amount of money will be transferred from your bank account to hers. "

"B-but ma'am, that would mean giving bullets to our enemy! ", I exclaimed.

Embarassed, I noticed that I had lost my composure and raised my voice. I muttered an apology while Yomozuki chuckled. I had almost forgotten about her and the Vice-President.

Kirari smiled. "Now, now, I know how much you dislike her. All the more reason to win, don't you think? "

"No. ", I thought clenching my lips. "Everyone could say that something's off. I'm about to gamble with someone that finds a victory in another person's loss, rather than in gaining something for herself… does it make a difference if it's the President? Does it make a difference… if it's me?... "

The President touched my face. Her hand was warm, as it had kept the warmth of the tea I had made for her. Even then, with all my uneasiness, there was an incredible desire to kiss her candid palm.

If she could read behind my eyes, I thought, I hoped she would see how much I disliked the whole situation.

"So? ", she murmured in my ear. "Will you play with me… ?"

Her breath was still playing with my hair when I signed the inevitable catastrophe.

"Yes. ", I said. "I will. "

