After Date Night

Author: Bladder_Queen

*000*2018-09-02 14:12

Like young loves, we hold hands and swing them between us. He insists on walking me home after a long night of bar hopping and dancing the night away. My body sways from side to side, not only because I’m a tad tipsy, but because of the volume I drank. Keeping up with him is difficult enough but now I have an aching bladder. By the end of all of our dates, I am always holding back from the bathroom, not wanting to miss a moment with him. I thought I’d be able to hold it in tonight, but it’s late and we’re really pushing me to my limits.

We walk up the steps of my apartment building and I peck him on the lips goodnight. My ears still drumming from the bass of the nightclub, I turn quickly to get upstairs and pee, but I drunkenly giggle as he pulls me in closer and kisses me harder. I stumble and fall against his chest. He holds me with his long arms and large hands like a delicate baby bird.

“Can I come up?” he whispers to my ear in a hot intoxicated breath. I pull his chin down and look into his big brown eyes. He bites his lip in the way that he knows gets my heart racing. I nodd, reluctant of what my bladder holds in store, already wiggling with urgency to go release the grand falls. But I lead him up to my apartment. He holds my hips between his large hands and pulls my ass against his waist in the elevator. He kisses the back of my neck and nibbles on my ear. I moan and sigh with each loving touch, I crave his affection more than ever. But I keep my hands down between my thighs, clutching my bladder.

When he reach my floor, I grab his hand and walk to my door, quickly unlocking it and pulling him into the darkness. My hands fumble for a light switch but he is so urgent to feel my body, I lose focus and melt back into his touch.. We wander around my apartment to the kitchen, where he pours another glass of wine for us. I smile and take sip by sip, he kisses my neck with his glass in one hand. I feel myself moisten as his lips trail down my neck… down my body.. to between my hips. Placing our wine glasses down, I giggle and pull his head back up to my lips.

“Daddy’s hungry?” I press my lips against his and push my chest up towards his body.

“Very.” he responds with a smirk across his face. In one grand swoop, he picks me up and cradles me to my bedroom door, tossing me onto my bed. I suddenly remember how loose my bladder is, and I wince when my body flops against the bed. I tighten my thighs together and look up to him.

He stands above me like a predator, choosing whether or not to feast on his prey. He looks at me with such desire. I melt as we lock eyes, and he falls on top of me, pinning my hands above my head while rubbing the rest of my body. I moan and whimper as he grabs my body with such power, I can’t help but loosen my legs. He can never know how much I’m holding back, and I really don’t want to interrupt his passion with a tinkle break, so I let him continue.

His hands move up and down my body, and he reaches my bladder, and he feels it tighten. He smirks and squeezes me. I can’t help but whimper as my eyes roll to the back of my head.

“Princess is holding? For me?” he says, rubbing his hand against my waist. I nod urgently, knowing that my secret has been let out. He knows exactly how to play with me. He grabs the inside of my thigh and flips me over, smacking my ass. I giggle and whimper in response to his dominant actions.

“Take it easy on me daddy?” My voice comes out muffled against my bed.

“Daddy does as daddy wishes, princess.” He tightens his hands over my wrists and kisses the back of my neck. My whole body tingles, and my hips squirm, tightening the muscles around my bladder. All the liquids I had that night are suddenly flooding into me and I pray to god there won’t be an accident.

He tugs my panties down to my knees and reaches his hands underneath my dress. Dragging each finger up and down my thigh, teasing me. My body convulses as I hold back any urge to let my floods out and the urge to grab him while he fucks me purple. There is no hiding anything, he knows my movements all too well. I can push my hips down into the bed, but he knows that means I have to go badly. I could try and wiggle my wrists free, but he knows that shows just how incredibly horny I am. I hold still, and turn my head to the side as he plays with me.

He traces the lines of my labias and rubs up and down my slit. He feels my clit and draws circle around it with his thumb. I pinch my eyes closed and wiggle my waist up against him. I moan and almost instantaneously, he stops playing with me.

“Nuh uh, little girl. You sit still while I play with you,” he growls at me and thrusts two fingers inside me. I let out a soft gasp and tighten my thighs around his arm. My legs quiver as I loosen them around his arm. My whole body shakes as he holds onto me and I can’t help but let out a desperate moan.

“Oh daddy, please let me go super duper quick!” I beg of him. He shakes his head and tightens his grip on my hips.

“Nuh uh, girly, I think you can hold it longer. Don’t you think?” He wrestles my body back and pushes me up to my knees. I lay still for a moment, listening to the rattling of his belt, loosen from his waist and slide through the loops of his pants. He pulls my head up by my hair and wraps the belt around my neck, pulling tightly. He then allows me to bend back over and get on my hands and knees. He pushes down his pants and strokes his cock from behind me. Tapping it on my ass and running it up and down my soaking pussy, then surprises me with a thrust inside. I let out a loud moan but he tightens the belt once more around my neck as a signal to be a quiet little pet.

He starts at a slow pace, move his hips back and forth, but then begins pushing harder and harder into me. He slaps my ass and thrusts deeper and deeper, pressing repeatedly onto my bursting bladder. I whimper as it gets harder and harder to hold in my pee. As he starts going faster, I find myself leaking a little onto his cock. He feels my warm piss drip and thrusts into me even more, spreading my legs with his hands. After pushing himself into me as much as possible he pulls out his cock and my bladder bursts all over him.

I turn over and spread my legs wide open as I soak my sheets up with my warm urine. It feels like I’m peeing gallons upon gallons, but he strokes his member at the sight of how much I was keeping inside of me. I let out a louder moan when it reaches to the end, and I’m breathing heavily from the relief of having held all of that liquid inside me.

Right as I’m coming to a stop, he shoots cum across my stomach. He bends over on top of me, climaxing and shaking, still humping the air. I grab his cock and rub it for him, placing it between my pussy lips and rubbing my clit against it. I giggle as he tightens the belt around my neck one last time.

“Good job, baby girl,” he firms his grip on the belt “Don’t forget you’re mine.” He leans down and kisses my forehead and unloops the belt, kissing the new bruise across my neck. He does a final rub over my clit and I shake, still sensitive from my explosion.

He takes the sheets off my bed and replaces them with new ones. After kissing me goodnight, he wraps his arms around me, and we both fall asleep, me with an empty bladder, and him with a satisfied cock.

*002*2018-09-02 21:58

{{51 minutes ago, Alex Oxford said:

And the crowd goes wiiiiiild ??

}}

Lol, Thank you so much! ?

