Couples Series: Amara and Jason

Author: Bulge_Lover

*000*2018-04-02 05:14

Hello, readers. This is a part of my new Couples Series: A collection of short stories that focus on normal couples who partake in various holding games. Each one will be standalone and completely unrelated to each other.

This particular story features: [Female Desperation] [Clothed Wetting] [Pad Wetting] [Male Peeing]

*****

Couples Series: Amara and Jason

Amara yawned and rolled over in her bed, placing a hand on Jason’s shoulder. “You awake?” she whispered, rubbing his arm gently.

“Mmph, yeah,” Jason mumbled, flopping onto his back and looking into Amara’s shining brown eyes. “What time is it?”

“Ten,” Amara answered. “I’ve been awake for like half an hour. I’ve already put clothes on. I was waiting for you to wake up naturally, I know you love sleeping late on Saturdays, but I’m getting really squirmy.”

Jason perked up quickly, turning in the bed to face her. He slid his hand between them and pressed gently into her belly, feeling hardness and warmth as she moaned and pulled away from him. “You still good for the plan today?” he asked her. “It’s pretty daring.”

“Oh, I can’t wait!” Amara chirped. “I’ve always wanted to do it, but I’ve always been too shy to do it alone. With you right there, I’ll be able to keep my courage up.”

“Are you sure you don’t want me to hold with you?”

“No, not this time,” Amara exhaled. “I’ve never done anything like this before, and I want you in proper shape to stop me from panicking.”

“Fair enough,” Jason said. “Maybe I’ll fill up for you at home tonight?”

“Sounds good,” Amara giggled. “Alright, I’m really desperate. Gotta get up and drink, then get the heck out of here before it’s too late.”

*****

Amara and Jason were a happy couple. She was twenty four, he was twenty three, and they both shared many interests - They enjoyed the same movies, the same books, they shared the same liberal beliefs and the same childfree lifestyle. They were perfect for each other, and their relationship was made even stronger by the fact that their sexual desires matched up just as well as their personalities. They both loved holding in their pee for as long as they could, and they both loved torturing each other while they were desperate. Today’s game was Amara’s own idea.

“Jason, I wanna try something really ballsy,” she had said the night before. “I wanna drink like two liters of water before bed so I wake up super desperate, and then I wanna drink another liter and go for a long walk together. All the way around the park, it’s gotta be close to three miles.”

“You tripping?” Jason had responded. “You’ll soak yourself in front of everyone.”

“I know it’s really risky,” Amara insisted, “But I’ve fantasized about being really desperate in public for years now, and with you I finally feel like I can be brave enough.”

“You’re really willing to have an accident out in the open?” Jason had asked with concern in his eyes. “People around here might recognize us, are you sure about this?”

“I think I’ll be able to hold it though,” Amara stated. “If I’m outside, with people everywhere, I’ll have enough incentive to hang on a lot longer than I usually would. You should be excited, you’ll get to see me more desperate than I’ve ever been. I figure I’ll wear a pad so if I just dribble a little bit it won’t show. I know how you love that.”

“Oh, fuck yes,” Jason agreed enthusiastically. “Alright, I’m in.”

*****

Back in the present, Amara slid her legs off of the bed and stood up, moaning and wiggling her hips. “I didn’t think drinking two liters would have me so desperate in the morning,” she complained, placing a hand on her bulging belly. “Maybe it’s just because I’m still tired. Once I wake up more I should be able to control it better.”

“You’re really incredible, you know,” Jason breathed. “Most people would have wet the bed by now. I know you have a big bladder, but if you drink another liter before you leave...you’re REALLY sure you want to do this?”

“I am,” Amara said adamantly. “I need to do this or I’ll never be satisfied. It’s one of my biggest fantasies. I want to make sure I drink enough that I’ll absolutely lose control at some point soon, I want to really have to fight and struggle to keep it in. It has to be real.”

“I love you so fuckin’ much,” Jason groaned, reaching out to take Amara’s hand. She slapped at it playfully, then gripped his wrist and pulled. “Come on you lump, get up. Go pee so we can get out of here.”

“Aye, fine… Go drink your liter, I’ll meet you by the door.”

“Gotta get my B.C. and a pad first,” Amara said, following Jason to the bathroom. He pulled the waistband of his pajama pants down and began relieving himself in the toilet while Amara dug around under the sink. She soon came up with a small pink square, and groaned as she watched Jason pee. “That makes it so much worse,” she hissed, crossing her legs tightly and bouncing up and down. Jason just grinned at her as he finished and flushed the toilet. Amara reached into the medicine cabinet next, withdrawing her circular case of birth control pills and she tucked it down the front of the purple sweater she was wearing.

Amara was also wearing thick, light blue leggings, the sort of thing that would display a wetting very prominently. Jason knew that was part of the fun for her; it wouldn’t be as risky if she was wearing black jeans or if she just wet her panties under a skirt. She slid the leggings down to her knees, along with a pair of purple cotton bikini panties. She put the pad in place, made sure it was stuck on tight, and then pulled her clothes back into position. The shape of the pad was slightly visible through her tight leggings, just a small bulge right between her legs. “I’m ready. Oh God, I’m so turned on right now. I can’t believe I’m finally going to do this!”

“I’m really happy for you,” Jason said with a wide smile. “I know how it feels to have a lifelong fantasy come true. I felt the same thing when you first let me push on your bladder till you burst. I just hope that nothing goes wrong with this.”

“It’ll be fine,” Amara muttered dismissively. “Alright, enough lollygagging, we gotta go now.”

Jason grinned at her. “I’mma get dressed. Head downstairs, I’ll be there in a second.”

Amara nodded and turned away, leaving him alone in the bedroom. As promised, he joined Amara downstairs in a timely fashion. He was wearing a green hoodie and black sweats, the perfect getup for a walk. They headed into the kitchen where Amara pulled open the fridge and took out two half-liter water bottles. She withdrew her pills and stuck the one marked ‘SAT’ in her mouth. Jason looked on, rather impressed, as she chugged down both bottles inside of thirty seconds. “Damn, Amy, you’re not messing around, are ya?”

“Nope!” Amara chirped, still wiggling her hips. “Even with how great of a holder I am, there’s no way I’ll be able to last long with three liters in me. It’s gonna take over an hour and a half to get around the park at walking speed. Probably quite a bit more since I’m sure I’ll be slowing down a lot the more desperate I get. This is gonna be a serious fight.”

Jason just smiled as he held the door open for Amara, and a minute later, they stood at the entrance to the park. It was a large, rather generic park, a street and a walking trail circling the entire thing. They loved living so close to it, and it made for a great view from any of their windows. Other walkers and bike riders moved past, completely unaware of the bulging bladder hidden under Amara’s sweater. On such a nice day, there were at least a couple hundred people in the park, and that was only what they could see from the entrance.

With a squirm and a soft moan, Amara steeled herself and began to walk at a quick pace. Jason kept up, walking right beside her, his neck craned to watch all of the little desperate movements she made. They walked on and on, passing a playground, a baseball field...and the only restrooms in the park. As they passed said restrooms, Amara released an extended sigh and crossed her legs for a moment before she shook her head and kept moving forward.

Half an hour into their journey, Amara was already getting somewhat frantic. Every breath she exhaled came out as an audible moan, and every couple dozen steps she would stumble forwards as she tried to press her legs together. “How are you doing?” Jason asked softly, wrapping his right hand around Amara’s left. Her skin was burning hot, and he knew that she was physically straining.

“So desperate,” she whined. “The liter I drank is already hitting me hard...my belly feels so tight against my waistband. I’d slide my pants and panties a little lower to get them off my bladder, but then the pad would get all loose.”

“Speaking of the pad, is it still dry?” Jason asked next.

“Yeah. I’m fighting as hard as I can not to leak. I don’t want it to fill up slowly, I want it ready in case I really start spurting later.”

“Good, good,” Jason said. “You mind if I have a little feel?”

Amara smiled and shook her head. “Of course not. Turn towards the trees though so it just looks like we’re hugging…”

She turned to face the treeline that hid the park from the road, and jason wrapped his arms around Amara’s waist. He placed a hand on her belly and prodded her gently, feeling the taut skin and the solid organ beneath it. Her bladder was really round, and with every soft touch, Amara gasped and gripped his arm tighter. “I just wanna give it a huge squeeze,” Jason whispered in her ear. “I won’t, though. As much as I love watching you wet, I’m very curious to see how this goes.”

Amara reached up and rubbed his shoulder. “You’ll see me soak myself one way or another, either out here or back home. If I do make it back, I’ll put on something nicer to give you a better show.”

“You look amazing right now,” Jason said. “I want to see you pee like that, no matter where we are.”

Amara smiled and stepped away from him. “We have to keep moving, I’m on a serious time limit. And no more touching my bladder, even soft rubs make it really hard to hold on.”

“As you wish,” Jason said with a comedic bow.

They continued on, passing a well-populated tennis court, and soon after...the public pool. It was empty due to the somewhat chilly weather, but the exposed water seemed to send Amara into a fit of desperation. She yelped suddenly and doubled over, drawing weird looks from a dogwalker who had just passed them. She flushed red and bounced in place, obviously struggling with the choice between restraining a leak and maintaining her dignity. Jason placed a hand on her shoulder. “You alright, Amy? Remember, just say the word and I’ll find somewhere for you to pee.”

“No,” she gasped. “Don’t say things like that...I have to hold on, no matter how bad it gets. Like I said, it has to be real.”

Jason nodded and stood by as she squirmed in place and held herself. It took almost a full minute for her to stand straight again, and at that point her whole body was shaking with effort. “Gottagetawayfromthepool,” she ranted breathlessly. She took off at almost a jogging pace, her moans fully audible. They weren’t just moans of desperation, they were obviously full of pleasure, the kind of moans a woman made moments before she reached orgasm. Jason cringed slightly as he ran after her.

“You gotta try to quiet down,” he mumbled as he caught up with her. “If people hear you moaning like that, they’ll think… I dunno, they’ll think you have one of those little vibrators in you or something.”

Amara sighed and closed her mouth, which only had the effect of turning her moans into loud, sexually-charged humming. Despite her desperation, Jason knew that she was horny beyond belief. She got frisky enough every time she had a normal pee, but this, a “lifelong fantasy” as she put it, must have her completely out of her mind.

Jason, surprisingly, was managing quite well. Amara was absolutely hot right now, but his concern for her was trumping his physical attraction to the situation. Guess that’s how I know I really love her, he thought with a grin. She really is brave. I just hope she’ll know when to quit if she really does start wetting herself…

It took ten minutes for them to get out of sight of the pool, and as soon as the glistening blue water left her vision, Amara stopped and began breathing heavily. “I’m surprised you could jog with such a full bladder,” Jason panted.

“I do it a lot, on the treadmill,” Amara responded. “It feels amazing, my bladder bouncing around like that. I have a hard time peeing while I’m moving though, so it’s all good. I mean, I CAN if I’m desperate enough, but I don’t have much trouble holding it either. Stopping though...that’s not easy.” The truth in her words was apparent. She had her right hand held tightly between her legs, her left held in a fist clenched at her side. “Ugh, when I hold myself I like to squeeze a finger right against my pee hole, but the pad doesn’t let me get all up in there.”

“Too bad, so sad,” Jason quipped, putting on a false frown.

Amara pouted at him, then giggled slightly. “Jason, I’m so desperate,” she muttered. “We’re not even half around the park yet and I feel like I’m on the verge of an accident…”

Jason opened his mouth to offer help, then remembered that she’d said she wanted no such thing. He pursed his lips for a moment, then changed his strategy. “You can do it, Amara,” he said lovingly, placing his hands around her arms. “You’re really strong, it’s just a full bladder, I know that you can put up with it for a little longer.”

“I’m so close to leaking,” she whimpered. Jason could feel her shivering as he held her. “I already feel a little damp, like around my lips, and it’s not just because I’m so fucking horny…All the pressure feels like it’s right there behind my pussy...”

“You know it comes in waves,” Jason told her. “I know you feel like you’re about to burst, but if you can just hold on for a minute, you’ll feel a bit better.”

Amara looked Jason in the eyes and nodded, still squirming in his grip. He could feel her warmth through her clothes, she was absolutely radiating heat. Her face was flushed and sweaty, and her eyes were unfocused and worried. Jason was fighting every manly instinct that he had; every fiber of his being wanted to offer her help, protection, to ask if she was alright...but he knew that wasn’t what Amara wanted, and he fully respected her wish to push her limits without a safety net. “We...we have to keep walking. The more time I waste squirming in place, the more desperate I get. Don’t let me stop again, or I really won’t make it…”

Jason patted her arm in confirmation and guided her along the trail. She was obviously trying so hard to hide her desperation, and for the first time that day, Jason felt himself growing hard at the sight of her rocking her hips as she walked. It wasn’t something she normally did, and he knew that it was an effort to squeeze her legs together with each step. Three times inside the next twenty minutes, Amara gasped and stopped just for Jason to grip her hands and force her to keep walking. She was now releasing a sort of desperate, high-pitched whine that was driving Jason up the wall. His penis was pressing hard against his boxers and sweats, uncomfortable and compressed.

Amara took notice, as he was walking almost as awkwardly as she was. “Hey, don’t tell me you need to pee too already?” Amara whispered.

“It’s not that,” Jason mumbled. He took her hand once more and guided it to his front, and she felt how stiff he was through the layers of cotton.

Amara broke out into a smile and giggled genuinely. “I can’t wait to deal with that when we get home,” she said, giving it a quick squeeze.

Jason grunted and pulled away. “I don’t wanna do it in my pants before we even get home,” he sighed.

“I’m probably gonna do somethin’ else in my pants first, anyway,” Amara moaned.

“Don’t talk like that,” Jason encouraged her. “You have to hold it in. You don’t have any other choice. If you wet yourself out here, dozens of people will see it.”

“I...I know,” Amara whined, rocking her hips with greater intensity. “God, I feel like there’s a fuckin’ bowling ball in me. My belly’s harder than your pork.”

“P- Pork?” Jason choked out, uncontrollable laughter bringing him to a halt. “Where the actual fuck did that come from?”

Amara came to a stop as well. “What, never heard- Oh, FUCK!” Amara opened her mouth wide and forced both hands between her legs, twisting them together. Jason, even ten feet behind her, heard it clear as day. A huge, powerful hiss began emanating from Amara as she doubled over, panic in her eyes. Jason sprinted the four steps it took to reach her, but by the time he was there, the hissing had already stopped.

“Shit, fuck, I’m okay. Stopping short like that just made me lose all control for a second.” She spread her feet a little and patted herself between her legs, exhaling in relief as her crotch seemed dry. She gave herself a couple more pokes, and then a grin spread across her face. “Dude, you gotta feel this.” She grabbed Jason’s hand and pulled it between her legs, and he pressed against her gently. Her pad was completely saturated, thick, soft and squishy, and so, so warm. It was very visible too, a huge bulge stretching out the crotch of her leggings. “It feels so nice down there. And I actually feel like I can hold it a little longer now that some came out.”

“Good,” Jason muttered absentmindedly, still squashing the pad between his fingers and her body.

“You really like that, don’t you?” Amara purred.

“Yeah,” Jason responded, pressing up closer to her.

“You know, I dunno if I’ve ever told you, but ages ago when I first noticed you getting all turned on whenever you knew I was wearing a pad, I was sure that you had some kind of period fetish. I thought you were weird as fuck until you explained that you were just fantasizing about me filling them with pee.”

“Wait,” Jason guffawed, letting his hands fall to his sides. “Let me get this straight. A period fetish would be ‘weird as fuck,’ but a fetish for holding in pee until you wet yourself is totally normal, eh?”

“Well, it’s been normal for me since I was a little girl, so I guess. Why pads though, specifically? I get that you love anything that’s soaked in my pee, but why not diapers? They could hold so much more.”

Jason shook his head violently, making a sort of ‘Nnnyyyooo’ noise. “Nuh-uh, Amy. Diapers can only be associated with babies and the elderly, both of which I don’t want much to do with. Just that thought turns me off of them completely. Pads however, I can associate them with femininity, adulthood, and the fact that you’re definitely not fuckin’ pregnant.”

Amara exhaled a soft laugh, resting her head against Jason’s chest. “We should start walking again...I’m still dying to pee, and all the wetness down there certainly isn’t helping.”

Jason nodded and took Amara’s sweaty hand again, and they continued their long trek. Amara was walking easier now, the dramatic sway of her hips from earlier no longer present. She still squirmed now and again, but she seemed to be in control. However, they both knew that wouldn’t last for long.

Sure enough, half an hour later and two thirds of the way through the park, Amara was absolutely frantic again. Her butt bounced up and down as she walked, her thighs squeezing together and her balance waning with each step. Jason was basically holding her up, trying to disguise the situation by appearing to be hugging her around her shoulder. He knew that it would be a lot easier to support her by her waist, but the pressure would undoubtedly cause her to lose control.

For the past fifteen minutes, they had been drawing the eyes of passerby, Amara’s yelps audible for a dozen meters. Not only this, but she was openly holding herself almost constantly and cursing in frustration at the fact that she could not force her hand directly against her urethra. There was simply no hiding it anymore; anyone who saw them would know beyond any shadow of a doubt that Amara was on the verge of a full-on accident at the age of twenty-four. Jason’s face was beet-red from embarrassment, but he never faltered or complained, knowing that this was what Amara wanted.

“I just spurted into the pad again,” Amara whispered suddenly and urgently. “It feels so thick and full, anything else that comes out of me will almost definitely leak out the sides…I’m not gonna get home dry, Jace, I’m just too desperate.”

“We’re so close, Amy,” Jason encouraged her, gripping her hand tighter. “If we keep up a solid pace, we’ll be home in half an hour. I know it hurts, but you can take it. Please keep holding on.”

Amara whimpered and leaned against him as they kept walking. “I don’t think I can. I’ve never had to go so badly in my life. The pressure is so intense, and I know that the pad won’t hold anything else...it’s really gonna happen, I’m gonna pee myself in front of a bunch of people and there’s nothin’ I can do about it.”

“Like I said before, it’s only a full bladder,” Jason said, trying to keep his voice calm and supportive. “You know what the source of the pain is, and you know that it can’t really hurt you. You don’t feel any pain in your sides or back, right?”

Amara whined and shook her head. “No, it’s just all in my belly and right behind my vag.”

“Then you’re fine. You can hold it as long as you need to. Just think about it logically rather than letting yourself be flustered by the sensations. You know what it is, you know why it’s happening, and you can control it. Don’t panic, don’t worry about wetting yourself. As long as the pain is only in your bladder, you can keep holding on.”

“I love you so much,” Amara barked suddenly. “You’re always here to support me through all the nutty shit I do. If you say I can hold it, I just can’t help but believe you. I’m not gonna pee. I’m NOT gonna pee!”

With a loud groan of effort, Amara picked up her pace, forcing herself to walk normally and stand straight. Jason smiled widely and kept up with her, whispering encouragement to her every step of the way. They passed benches and water fountains, none of which were in use thankfully, and after a few more minutes, it came into view. The sign that marked the entrance of the park, and with that, they were no further than a couple hundred meters from their front door.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Amara chanted as she pushed onwards towards the entrance. Her vocabulary had severely deteriorated within the last five minutes of their walk, reduced to a series of cursewords and desperate moans. The two of them had the full attention of everyone near the entrance of the park, and Jason fruitlessly covered his face with his left hand. Amara was definitely causing a scene, her condition painfully obvious to anyone and everyone.

“Are...are you okay?” a blonde woman asked as she passed with a small dog.

“The restroom is just over there, you know,” a man on a bike offered as he rode along.

“Mommy, does she have to pee?” asked a small girl as her mother dragged her away from the area.

Amara ignored all of them, her mind fixated on only one thing: Getting home and emptying her tormented bladder. They passed the sign, and as they cleared the treeline, their home came into view…

And Amara stopped short, her mouth open in disbelief and her body vibrating from head to toe.

“Ooooohhhhhh,” she moaned, drawing gazes from a few people who were walking into the park. “No...not now, not here, so close…”

“Come on, Amy, it’s RIGHT THERE!” Jason nearly shouted, grabbing her shoulder and pointing at their house. “A hundred more feet, come on, you’ve got this!”

Amara took one more step...and she began wetting herself with the force of a burst hydrant. The hiss sounded for two seconds as the pad soaked up the very last of its potential, and then Amara’s pee was streaming down both of her legs and splattering onto the concrete below her. She let her arms fall to her sides, and she stood up straight as any hope of maintaining her dignity flowed down the creek. Her pee thundered down her leggings, darkening both of her thighs to a near-black shade. The liquid soaked her butt and the front of her crotch as well, the only dry spot being a single line traced right between her legs that was protected by the pad, but even that was flooded in time.

A dozen bystanders lurked nearby, but luckily none of them were laughing, they just seemed either dumbfounded or concerned for her. Amara seemed to have shut down, fully accepting her fate as she emptied herself on the sidewalk. Jason felt like melting into the ground, but he knew that he had to get her home. Fully aware that she would continue peeing for well over a minute, he did the only thing he could think of.

Amara gasped as Jason scooped her up in his arms and began sprinting towards their house. Her pee splattered all over his shirt and legs, but he didn’t care in the slightest. She wrapped her arms around his neck to lighten herself, burying her face in his left shoulder. By the time they reached the door to their home, his pants were just as soaked as Amara’s. She continued to wet herself as he transitioned her into a sort of fireman’s carry so he could dig the keys out of his pocket, and fifteen seconds later, they were inside.

Jason set Amara down, her pee now soaking the hardwood floor of their entrance hall. They looked each other in the eyes for just a moment, both knowing what was going to happen next. Jason’s hands flew to Amara’s sides, tearing her leggings and panties down. She stepped out of them, her pee spraying across the wall for a moment, and Jason threw the clothes along with the heavy pad far away from them. Wrapping his arms around Amara, he lowered her to the floor. She gripped his pants now, sliding them down his thighs...and revealing another pair of sweats, light pink and very tight on him. His fully-erect penis was pushing hard against the fabric, women’s sweats not being at all designed for such a thing. She barked out a laugh, placing her wet hands over her mouth. “It’s no wonder you were so uncomfortable out there. Why the fuck are you wearing my sweats, you absolute pinecone?”

Jason sighed and smiled. “I know you wanted to do what you did today with no way out if you wet yourself, but I just had to do something to help you if you lost control early on. I figured that I’d hide a pair of your pants so you could change behind a tree if you wanted to.”

“You’re...so friggin’ sweet,” Amara moaned, leaning against Jason’s crotch as her stream of pee finally slowed down. She gripped the waistband of the pink sweats and pulled them just far enough down that Jason’s Johnson was set free. “Come on, I’ve been waiting for this all day. Just...keep those sweats around your legs, it’s actually kind of hot…”

*****

Thank you for reading, everybody. There will be many stories in the Couple’s Series, but like I said in the beginning, it will always be different characters in different places with different personalities and different kinks. The only themes that will absolutely be present in every one of my stories is extreme desperation and bulging bladders. If something in here wasn’t for you, it doesn’t mean the next one won’t perfectly match your interests. Have a good one, and see you next time.

- B.L.

*004*2018-04-08 18:03

{{1 hour ago, randomkath said:

Also, "Jason’s Johnson"? Really?

}}

And as always, thank you so much for your support. Glad you enjoyed it.

