Mary’s Night of Affairs

Author: bobwells55

*000*2020-01-22 19:41

@@For those of you who don’t remember or are new, Meredith, or Mary, was a 27 year old mother of 2. She was recently divorced, as she married the father of her children thinking she had to, not because she loved him. This story takes place a year before Mary’s incident at the shopping center, before she was... “officially” divorced. As I stated in my first story, Meredith married someone she was not in love with, but felt she had no choice. Now, at 26, with two kids under two, she had finally worked up the courage to begin to discuss leaving. In fact, she was already seeing someone. And why not? Even with two young kids and a job keeping her up all day and most of the night, she was still a beautiful girl. She had sandy blonde hair that came down a little past her shoulders, and she had a very big butt, always her best feature, even with her 36 D boobs and a hairless vagina. She had just gotten her hair done and she was feeling and looking beautiful. She wore a low cut blue shirt that showed off her rack, a little pink thong from Victoria Secret, and a tight pair of little khaki shorts

She had told her husband she was going out for a well earned night out with her girlfriends. Which was true, but what she did not mention, the guy she’d been seeing would be there too. The group was Mary’s best friends Emily and Cori, their husbands Mark and AJ and their mutual friend William.

Mary had known William since school days. They dated briefly during Fall of their junior years, and had remained good friends over the years. Then, about 2 months prior to tonight, Mary had seen William at the wedding of Cori and AJ. William had just gotten out of a two year relationship, Mary felt trapped in her marriage and was ready to get out of it. Naturally, it didn’t take long after some catching up, for the two to grab a room in the hotel and hook up. It was the most loving and passionate sex Mary had had in years! It was the first time she’d felt loved. Hell it was the first time someone had gone down on her since before she had kids!! Ever since then, Mary and William had been seeing each other more and more often and having lots of fun together. Tonight, the friends were going to a few bars and unwind.

Soon, the gang had settled in and were starting to get pretty drunk. Mary was thankful for her new man. After playing a few games of pool with her friends, when her and Emily had to pee

“I’ve been holding it and I’ve gotta piss bad” Emily announced.

“Me too” said Mary “That pool game distracted me but I gotta go!”

To the girls annoyance, they found a small line.

“Fuck this isn’t good” Emily said

The girls stood in silence for about a minute.

“Please hurry!” Mary asked politely.

“I’m like trying to not make it obvious that I’m grabbing my crotch” Mary said

“Yeah I’m afraid if I uncross my legs I’m gonna pee my pants” Emily said.

Finally, a flush. Emily ran in and instantly let out a sigh of relief. Mary on the other hand was literally dancing in place. At long last, after what felt like and hour, a flush came and Mary sprinted in. She had made it.

After another few hours of drinks and fun, the clock was nearing midnight, and the taxi had arrived. The group of friends pulled in. With one too many, Mary sat on Williams lap. Their two would be the last stops, anyways. First was Emily and Marks house, only about a 5 minute drive from the bar.

“I should have peed before I left” Mary said to her man.

“Well we are going through Taco Bell” Cori announced. “I’ll pay for the ride but I’m getting food”

As they sat in line, Mary began shifting her legs. Her need growing worse.

“This was the last thing my bladder needs” Mary said after a short make out with William. “I just had my second kid 4 months ago my bladder is small!”

“It was small before that” Emily retorted.

Finally Cori and AJ got their food and the taxi dropped Emily and Mark off. Now it was to Cori and AJ’s. Which was good news and bad news for Mary. Cori’s house was only 2 minutes away from Mary, but it was another 15 minutes from Emily’s! Mary was beginning to feel like she wouldn’t make it.

“Oh my god” she said “I feel like I can’t even move. Like my eyes are watering”

“Well you still look beautiful” William said with a quick kiss on the cheek. “Besides, it wouldn’t be the first time I’ve seen ya wet your pants” he said with a smile

“You can say that again!” Cori said

“Remember in class when you laughed so hard you peed? You had to wear your gym clothes” William remembered

“Yeah we were also in 8th grade” she said.

“9th grade.” Cori corrected

“Whatever”

“Then there was the football game” AJ said.

“Me and William were dating then and he got the game winning interception. If I’d had went pee I would have missed it so it was worth it” Mary said

“Your sisters bachelorette party like 2 years ago you peed the bed and your pants all on the same trip!” Cori reminded

“Yeah that one I can’t defend” Mary laughed. “Can we stop talking about all the times I’ve pissed myself please? I’m about to do it again”

Suddenly Mary felt a quick jolt as William, in a way of flirting, briefly tickled her. Mary laughed and felt a small spurt jet out of her and into the light fabric of her thong.

“Do you want me to pee on you?” Mary laughed “I’m not kidding tickle me again and you will have piss all over your lap and I’ll just say I told ya!”

“I’m not paying the extra fee to clean it up so you two keep your hands off each other long enough to get home” Cori demanded.

Soon they pulled into the driveway of Coris house. Finally, the home stretch for Mary. She now had both hands firmly pressed against her pussy lips to try and keep from wetting herself.

“Oh my god I’m gonna pee my pants” Mary said out loud “I’m gonna wet myself all over this taxi and pay to clean it up”

William assures her “we are only two blocks away.

A few minutes later, the taxi pulled up to her house.

“Hey” William said as she want to get up, pulling her back close to him “I just wanted to let you know I had a blast with you tonight. I want to keep doing this”

“I had an amazing time with you tonight. You make me feel like myself again” Mary said back, briefly forgetting her urgent need to piss.

“I think I’m kinda starting to fall for you a bit, you know that?” William told Mary

“I like being with you” Mary said.

“Can I give you a good night kiss?” He asked her.

Mary’s response was to sit back on to his lap and begin making out. But soon, the desperate need to piss snapped her out of her romantic daze.

“I’ve got to go. I need to peeeeee!” Mary said.

Hopping out of the taxi, Mary ran towards the front door when she felt a small leak.

“Oh fuck. Please be unlocked” Mary said out loud to herself. Sure enough, her husband had locked the door.

“That mother fucker! He knew I was coming home!” Mary stated “Hey asshole! I told you to leave the door unlocked for me remember?”

Mary then felt another shot of pee leak out of her worn down bladder. This time she could not stop it without her hands. Out of time, she raced around to the back door. There was a code the get in the back gate.

1615” Mary punched in. Shit! Wrong number! Now she had to wait 15 seconds to type in the right code of 1616. Those 15 seconds was all it took, a simple slip of the finger had cost her. Mary started to leak more uncontrollably, the stream getting heavier and heavier as her piss flowed out of her vagina, completely soaking through her pink thong and creating an unmistakable, giant wet spot all over her cute, tan shorts. Mary had no choice now. She stood there frozen for the next minute or so as her bladder emptied. Running down the insides of both her sexy legs, getting into her shoes, and forming a large, undeniable puddle on the ground. Her piss trickled to a stop, finally. Mary stood there wet, humiliated, relieved and mad! She punched in the correct code and walked gingerly inside to the mud room where she began to take off her wet shoes and socks.

“Mary?” A voice boomed from the top of the stairs.

“Thanks for leaving the door unlocked for me” Mary zinged sarcastically.

“Why are you all wet?” Her husband Chet asked.

“Fuck you” Mary said of his questioning.

“Why are you all wet?” Chet repeated “did you piss yourself?” He asked

“What does it look like!” Mary shouted.

“You got that drunk that you fucking just wet your pants?” Chet assumed

“No, I didn’t.” Mary said angrily as she walked past him towards the bathroom. She took off her shirt first. “I was holding it in the taxi and went to the front door where I found out my husband locked me out of the fucking house” she stated as she peeled off her soaking wet shorts. She was now standing only in her saturated wet pink thong. “This is your fault” Mary said as she stripped of the remains of her wet clothes.

“Oh bullshit. Maybe next time you’ll spend a little less time with your new boyfriend and a little more time making sure you use the bathroom” Chet replied.

“Go fuck yourself” Mary said “I’m done with you”

She closed the door, and stepped in to the shower. She knew, this was the final straw. Chet didn’t even care if she came home or not. And that helped make her have an embarrassing accident. Besides, she had someone who she loved and who loved her back.

“Wait until I tell them I fucking pissed myself again” she thought to herself with a smile.

