Kakashi's bad memory

Author: bunny

*000*2016-08-16 08:59

In the village of Konoha there are many ninja squads and one of them is team seven. The teamleader is Kakashi sensei, his students are Sakura, Sasuke and Naruto. Tomorrow team seven began their training, it was a two day training camp nearby Konoha and they sleep outside in a tent. There is one toilet to use mainly for Sakura because the boys pee outside.

The evening before, while kakshi was preparing their training schedule the students were gathering their stuff. When Kakashi was done preparing he gathered his stuff to use, plus some books to read because he always read them. He was done packing and went to sleep but after a minute he was still awake and couldn't sleep so he opened a book and began reading. Halfway through the book he fell asleep.

It was morning, the students were waiting for Kakashi sensei because he was late. After 5 minutes Naruto told Sasuke and Sakura that he was going to get Kakashi, Naruto was inside Kakashi's house and walked towards the bedroom where he saw him sleeping. Naruto yelled: "Kakashi wake up". Kakashi got up and asked: " Why are you here?". Naruto told him that he overslept and they were already waiting for him.

Kakashi got up and went to the meeting place with Naruto, only he forgot to use the bathroom and little did he know that it wil become a problem later. When they arrived they immediatly went to the training camp. They arrived, set up the tent and unpacked their things. Kakashi said to everyone:"Get ready and meet in half an hour".

During the 30 minutes Sakura said:"i am going to the toilet do not follow me." The boys responded with yes. Naruto asked:" Kakashi where do the boys pee?" Kakashi responded with between the trees and bushes over there. Sasuke and Naruto went there and started peeing. Kakshi felt a twinge in his bladder and knew that he forgot to use the toilet in the morning, he thought i go after training.

During the training Kakshi's need was growing worse by every minute he was so desperate to pee that his concentration was gone. Sakura noticed it and asked:"Kakashi you okay?" Kakashi said:"i am fine" and training went further. Training was over and it was time to eat and after dinner they went to sleep.

4 am in the morning, Kakashi tried not to make any noise and stood up to take a piss. But Naruto was awake and walked ouside where he spotted Kakashi sensei. Kakashi was just about to relax when he heard footsteps. Naruto asked:"Kakashi what are you doing?"

"Nothing i heard a noise and came looking but what are you doing here" he said. Naruto started peeing and said:" i needed to piss badly" They went back to sleep but Kakashi couldn't sleep because he was so uncomfortable with his full bladder.

9 am, Kakashi was awake and told everyone to gather their stuff because they needed to go back to Konoha. Before they went home Sakura took a quick bathroom break. They started their walk back home normally it was an hour walk but Lady Tsunade said they needed to take a retour to pick up some documents for her so the walk back was now 5 hours long.

Halfway through the walk they picked up the documents and walked towards Konoha. Kakashi was almost at his limit, The students noticed there was something wrong with him. Sasuke asked:" Kakashi you okay?" He answered:"YYesss i am FFine". Naruto noticed that he was acting like he needed the toilet so he asked:"Do you need to pee?" when Kakashi heard it he tried to denie it but Sakura knew better and said:"Go behind that tree it is bad to hold it longer"

Kakashi went to the tree looked around and pulled his pants down. He pulled ioff his pants just in time because when he pulled his dick out his bladder released all his contents. After 5 minutes he came back and Naruto said:"Looks like you needed to go badly" after 2 hours walking they came back in Konoha and the students will never forget this day.

