Recompense

Author: Birdschach

*000*2016-11-06 23:10

Author's Note: This features characters from Ryogo Narita's series Vamp! As of yet, it's only available officially in Japanese Light Novels, but if anyone wants fan translations, hit me up!

Also I just noticed I posted this in the wrong location, and have already reported it, sorry!

"You think I would just welcome you back here with open arms?" Caldimir the Blue Flow of Blood asks, his temper flaring at his fickle ally.

"Of course not, Caldimir. But I did bring a gift," Laetitia says, placing an ornate bottle onto the table of the Organization Chairman's room. She leans back, resting her hands beside the bottle. Caldimir looks her up and down, taking her in appraisingly, though the vampire wears her usual military uniform. "It's a vintage from my personal collection, and aged to absolute perfection."

"Well, I'm happy to see you're coming around," Caldimir says, "If I could get a proper apology out of you, maybe I'd let your behavior slide completely!"

"That's not happening. After all, I wasn't the one who staked you to that wall, I only left you there," Laetitia says. "At worst, I'm an accomplice! You should really take up your complaints with Garde..."

"Oh, well, perhaps...perhaps I was a bit hasty. I accept your gift, in the stead of an apology," Caldimir says, fetching a wineglass from his bar. He makes to grab two, but Laetitia shakes her head.

"Now, Caldimir, what kind of gift would it be if I drank it up as well? No, it's all for you!" Laetitia says, smiling. On anyone else, the smile would be pleasant, perhaps even alluring. And for a moment, Caldimir cannot ignore the charm of the woman. But he remembers the manic look in her eyes imagining the chaos that would befall Growerth, the way she left him staked to a wall, and the smile suddenly seems different. Twisted, baleful. But, regardless, what harm could a few drinks cause? After years of building a tolerance, and his own vampiric strengths, he could likely down the whole bottle with no ill effects.

The blue haired man takes a seat. After pouring a glass, he takes his first sip, and hums appreciatively. "An excellent wine, Laetitia. A little sweet for my preference, but excellent nonetheless," Caldimir says, before downing the glass.

"Are you surprised? You know my fondness for sweets, and I told you this is from my personal collection," Laetitia says, "Though I am glad you enjoy it. Let it serve as a toast to our future friendship."

"A friendship I hope is more fruitful than our last! Don't think I'll forget your involvement in that debacle so easily, Laetitia!" Caldimir says, already pouring another glass. "After all, had you not sold me out to that blasted pool of blood, my plan would have surely succeeded!"

"Perhaps. But perhaps not. Regardless, I wanted to make it up to you, Caldimir. To give you a gift in good faith, and leave that all as water under the bridge. So, please, drink up and enjoy!" Laetitia says.

~X~

And Caldimir does. The blue-haired Vampire is exceptional at one-on-one combat, and feels safe enough to indulge himself. By the time he is pouring the final glass, emptying the bottle, he feels just a little buzzed, and completely at ease.

"You know, Laetitia, you ought to be like this more often. I've actually enjoyed this time together, and I believe we could be excellent allies if only we could trust each other," Caldimir said, drinking the last glass slowly. He wants to savor the last dregs of the exquisite wine, then he will excuse himself.

It is rare that Caldimir indulges himself by drinking, as he knows what inevitably comes next. What seems to come next much too quickly for him. Already he could feel a slight pressure building, signaling him to take his leave when possible. But just as he opens his mouth, Laetitia is upon him.

With his focus wavering, he hardly notices her movements. Caldimir struggles to focus, but the alcohol in his blood has muddled his reflexes. That, coupled with Laetitia's attack coming without warning, make it difficult for Caldimir to put up even a token resistance. In one short moment, Laetitia binds him to his chair, leaving Caldimir unable to move.

"What is the meaning of this, Laetitia!?" Caldimir roars.

"Well, you caused so much suffering on that island, Caldimir," Laetitia says, sauntering to the thick door of Caldimir's office, shutting it, and sliding its locks home. "And I didn't get to see even one tiny bit! So, I thought that in recompense, I could watch you suffer."

"Suffer? How? What kind of twisted stuff are you going to do to me in here!?" Caldimir asks. "Is this where you reveal you really loved seeing me staked to the wall? So injured, so pathetic?"

"Injured? No. And though I always think you're at least a tiny bit pathetic, that wasn't it either. Though it did bring up a tiny little fantasy...one which I hope to realize today," Laetitia explains. "Remember the earlier Organization meetings? When you still drank before and during the proceedings?"

"Um, well, sure I do, but that was before I was chairman..." Caldimir says, a cold sweat breaking out. She couldn't have noticed that, right? She couldn't remember, it had been so long ago. Of course, he hadn't forgotten. It was a strange weakness for a vampire, to be sure, but Caldimir's body processed liquids he drank at an alarming rate. Without as much of a physical need to drink, it was okay, but it was a difficult habit to break, and when offered something like a gift he is honor-bound to drink...well, how can he refuse?

"And eventually you stopped. Tell me, was that because having to excuse yourself so frequently got old quickly?" Laetitia says, cutting right to the core of his fears. "More than once, jokes along the line of 'Blood isn't the only thing that flows around him...' were made. I do believe most of us forgot after you stopped, but...well, let's just say that seeing you staked to the wall rekindled a certain curiosity."

"W-what? You can't mean..." Caldimir starts, stunned. But it isn't long before he has an epiphany. Someone with borderline sadistic tendencies like Laetitia...would it really be a stretch? "Oh. Oh! You have some sort of...kink for this, don't you? A fetish? Ha! Wait until the others hear about that!"

Laetitia leans down, her eyes level with his. "You really think this is going to be something you want to tell the other members? Of course, it would be embarrassing for me. But what of when they hear how you begged? How you pleaded with me? And of course, I'll never do this for you again if you go and blab to the other officers."

"Why would I ever want you to do this again?" Caldimir asks, the pressure he felt earlier worsening at an alarming rate.

"Oh, right now I'm sure you don't. But give it a while. I think I can make you warm up to the idea," Laetitia says, and Caldimir finds that he truly despises the grin on her face.

"I'll be doing no such thing!" the blue-haired vampire claims, as he steels his resolve, deciding that he won't give Laetitia the satisfaction. He is stronger than this, Chairman of the damn Organization! He won't be brought down by his own weak bladder. Especially not with Laetitia so smug, so goddamn confident! But even as he reaches this conclusion, he wishes desperately that he could move just a little bit. To cross his legs, to place a hand between his legs...anything to relieve the pressure he can practically feel growing with each passing second.

"We'll just have to wait and see, hm?" she says, stepping back from Caldimir, and leaning comfortably as she watches him.

The two fall into silence. It seems that their encounter has become a waiting game. A game that is stacked against Caldimir from the start. And sure enough, it only takes a couple of moments for Caldimir to begin to squirm. He knows he shouldn't, knows it will only please Laetitia, but it offers him some slight relief. Relief he wants, relief he needs so damn badly. At the sight, Laetitia chuckles.

"Very pathetic, Caldimir. So very pathetic...but so very enjoyable," Laetitia says, and the vampire slips her hand beneath her uniform's pants, between her legs. With a soft moan, she begins touching herself, exploring the heat of her arousal.

Caldimir cannot believe his eyes, his ears. Laetitia the Orange Lantern, pleasuring herself in his office, to him! If the circumstances were different, he could really enjoy such a sight, a thought that the vampire hates to admit to. Even with things as...well, uncomfortable, as they are, he still feels himself growing hard. Of course, with the pressure in his abdomen so overwhelming, he finds it impossible to focus completely in his arousal, too reach any point beyond semi-hard, but Laetitia's sharp eyes quickly pick out the bulge in his pants.

"Oh, and I thought you were pathetic before..." Laetitia teases, "But now you're starting to get hard? Tell me, is it your burning need to piss? Being tied up? Or is it the lovely woman in front of you, pleasuring herself?"

"It's...damn it...it's all three," Caldimir admits, knowing Laetitia would see through any attempt at deception. That is, if he could even focus long enough to lie. With two burning needs, neither of which he can do a damn thing to placate, both fighting for supremacy, it's all Caldimir can do to keep himself from losing control. His fullness is quickly shifting to pain, as his bladder screams for relief, while the heat of his arousal spreads, crying out for him to do something, to touch himself, to touch her, anything.

But Laetitia only hums in response, leaning back further, speeding up her efforts. She raises her free hand, touching her breast as she watches Caldimir. He finds it impossible to remain still now, working his legs as much as he can, clenching and relaxing his thighs, straining against the bindings at his wrists and ankles, wishing he were free, wishing he could piss, wishing he could fuck her. Finally, it all became too much.

"He-help me!" he cries out. And with that first cry for help out of the way, the vampire begins to beg. "Please, Laetitia, untie me. Help me, I need to piss, I need you...damn it, help me! Please?"

"You want me to help you?" she asks, her hands slowing, then stopping. "Are you sure? You don't sound very convincing..."

"P-please! I swear, I want you to help me," he says, his strain obvious in his voice. He really can't last much longer, as he feels his bladder is about to give out. "I need you to help me!"

"Okay," she agrees, completely calm. She pulls her hand out of her pants, and in a few short steps she is before him, so close, so fucking close but she might as well be on another planet. He feels his cock throbbing, his bladder twinging in pain, but all he can do it look up at the woman who put him in this desperate situation. All he can do is watch her, as she lowers he hand...down to his binding, hesitating...

"Please...help me...I can't..." Caldimir encourages her, still begging. Then, her hand moves, too quickly for his strained focus to keep up with. He feels a light impact on his abdomen, as Laetitia pushes down on his bladder. A choked gasp escapes Caldimir's lips, as the added pressure proves too much for him. He tries, so desperately, so damn desperately, to hold on in spite of the pressure Laetitia adds...but it is too much for the vampire.

With a whimper, his bladder gives out, and Laetitia's hand shifts down between his legs. Her other hand moves between her own legs, and she begins touching herself once more, as she feels his piss escaping him, rushing out of him, beneath and over he hand, pooling in the chair's bottom before splashing onto the floor. The blue-haired vampire moans, as the feeling of relief spreads through him, mingling with his arousal, the two becoming very hard to tell apart. Once he is finally finished, the vampire slumps forward, and groans softly. The relief he felt is quickly replaced with a dull, throbbing ache. He remains like this, until he hears a sharp gasp from Laetitia, and looks up to find the vampire in the middle of her climax, her lips parted and her eyes trained upon the dark patch on his clothes, her fingers still clutching the damp fabric. In spite of himself, his still semi-hard cock twitches, as his arousal tightens its grip on him.

Laetitia feels the motion, and it brings her back to herself. "Ah, that was even better than I had imagined, Caldimir...and it left me with an appetite for more," Laetitia says.

"I...damn it...I want more, too..." Caldimir admits.

"Then what are we waiting for?" Laetitia asks, unbuttoning her pants, and freeing herself from the fabric, making sure to keep the clothing far from the puddle Caldimir has made.

