Short stories by Bree

Author: Breepee

*000*2023-06-07 09:57

Jess the cleaner…

Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there lived a hardworking cleaner named Jess. She prided herself on her attention to detail and her dedication to her job. Day in and day out, she tirelessly transformed homes and offices into sparkling sanctuaries. Little did she know that one fateful day would test her resolve and push her to the brink.

It was the last job on Jess's list, a magnificent house perched on the edge of town. The homeowners, Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, were known for their strictness and lack of empathy. The couple had a reputation for their unwavering demands, which often left those who worked for them feeling drained and unappreciated.

As Jess arrived at the Johnsons' house, she felt a sense of urgency deep within her. It had been a particularly busy day, with an abundance of water and liquids involved in her cleaning tasks. She could already feel the discomfort in her bladder, a pressing need to relieve herself that grew with each passing moment.

Determined to maintain her professionalism, Jess greeted the Johnsons and swiftly got to work. But as she mopped the floors, scrubbed the counters, and polished the fixtures, the sounds and sights of water tormented her. Each splash, each drop, served as a cruel reminder of her desperate need to pee.

Time seemed to crawl as Jess clenched her legs together, attempting to stave off the relentless pressure building within her. Her face flushed with embarrassment as she discreetly crossed her legs, hoping to find some temporary relief. But the pain and urgency only intensified.

Unable to bear the torment any longer, Jess approached Mr. Johnson, her voice trembling with urgency. "Excuse me, sir," she began, "I really need to use the restroom. It's an emergency."

Mr. Johnson glanced at his watch, an expression of annoyance crossing his face. "Finish your tasks, Jess. We've had cleaners before, and they managed without bathroom breaks. You're no exception," he retorted coldly.

Desperation welled up within Jess as she realized her pleas fell on deaf ears. The Johnsons had little regard for her well-being, dismissing her urgent needs as inconsequential. With no other choice, she reluctantly continued her work, fighting against her body's demands with every passing minute.

The discomfort grew unbearable as Jess maneuvered through the house, struggling to maintain her composure. She resorted to crossing her legs tightly, desperately holding back the surging tide within her. At times, she found herself placing a hand in her panties, the only barrier between her and an embarrassing accident.

With great effort, Jess completed her tasks, her mind racing with thoughts of relief and escape. She bid the Johnsons a hasty goodbye, her steps quickening as she made her way home. The journey felt like an eternity, each second stretching as her bladder threatened to betray her.

Finally, she burst through her front door, her heart racing with the hope of finding solace in the comfort of her own bathroom. But her relief quickly turned to despair as she discovered her toilet broken, a cruel twist of fate that sent her spiraling into panic.

Her hands trembled as she attempted to fix the toilet, but her efforts were in vain. She was about to burst, the pressure within her reaching its breaking point. She scanned her surroundings, hoping for a solution, but no neighbors were home, and all the shops and public toilets had closed for the night.

Panic consumed her as she realized she had run out of options. The desperation overwhelmed her, clouding her judgment. In a moment of surrender, she knew what she had to do to avoid a humiliating accident. She slowly removed her hand from her panties, letting go of the last line of defence she slowly started to leak and lose control.

*001*2023-06-07 10:55

Presentation desperation

Once upon a time, in the bustling city of Riverside, there was a man named Alex, who found himself in a peculiar predicament. Alex was scheduled to deliver an important presentation at his workplace about water conservation, dams, and the significance of rainfall. Little did he know that this seemingly innocent topic would soon become the source of his torment.

As the meeting began, Alex felt a small twinge of discomfort in his bladder. He brushed it off, assuming it was a passing sensation that would soon fade away. But as he continued speaking passionately about the importance of water preservation, the discomfort grew more persistent, causing beads of sweat to form on his forehead.

Alex's mind became divided between delivering an engaging presentation and suppressing his increasingly desperate need to relieve himself. Every minute felt like an eternity as he valiantly fought the urge, his focus wavering with each passing slide. The irony of the situation was not lost on him — he was speaking about water while his own bladder felt ready to burst.

As the presentation reached its midpoint, Alex's body began to rebel against his attempts to control the situation. A few involuntary leaks managed to escape, causing him to pause momentarily to regain his composure. He glanced nervously at his colleagues, hoping they hadn't noticed the unfortunate mishap. But the show had to go on, and Alex soldiered on, determined to finish what he had started.

The remaining minutes of the presentation felt like an agonizing eternity. Alex's bladder continued to protest, sending sharp reminders of its desperate state. Beads of perspiration dotted his forehead as he fought a losing battle against his body's demands. His voice wavered occasionally, betraying his internal struggle, but he somehow managed to maintain a semblance of professionalism.

Finally, the presentation came to an end, and Alex felt a glimmer of hope. The applause of his colleagues filled the room, providing a brief distraction from his urgent predicament. Seizing the opportunity, he quickly excused himself, ready to sprint to the men's restroom and find sweet release.

But just as he was about to make his escape, his boss, a determined and detail-oriented woman named Emma, intercepted him. She approached him with a stack of papers in her hand, eager to discuss the future direction of the project. Alex's heart sank as he realized that his chance for relief was slipping away.

Frantically, he tried to explain his dire situation, but Emma's enthusiasm and determination overshadowed any pleas for mercy. She delved into the details, asking questions and offering suggestions, oblivious to the desperation etched on Alex's face. Each passing second felt like a stab of torment as his bladder threatened to betray him further.

As Emma continued to talk, Alex's distress reached a tipping point. A small leak escaped, causing him to wince in discomfort. He shifted from foot to foot, his face turning crimson with embarrassment. He was at his breaking point, but he couldn't find the words or the opportunity to escape Emma's grasp.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, Emma concluded her discussion, and with a polite smile, she allowed Alex to make his way to the restroom. But it was too late. As he rushed towards the men's room, he knew he had lost the battle against his bladder. A full-blown leak occurred, dampening his trousers and shattering what little remained of his dignity.

In the men's room, Alex cleaned up as best he could, feeling a mix of embarrassment and relief. He had endured a seemingly never-ending trial, enduring discomfort, leaks, and the clutches of an oblivious boss. It was a humbling experience, reminding him of the importance of taking care of his own well-being and listening to his body's needs.

