New life, New Problems (Helluva boss)

Author: Brittanybunny

*000*2025-02-11 02:45

During/After Sinsmas episode, if you haven’t watched it, don’t read ahead, episode spoilers!!! Also dark story so please advise!

Stolas dragged his talons across the floor as Blitz helped him back into the apartment. Sitting on the couch while Blitz cooked up and ate some stones to warm himself up before curling onto Stolas’s lap to warm him. “She hates me” was all he said softly in a pained tone. Stolas couldn’t break through the mental gymnastics in his head as he kept replaying the image of his daughter telling him he never loved her, and that she felt responsible for him being on pills. As he sat there in despair, Blitz’s daughter, Loona, got out games as her friends arrived.

Stolas has stepped out onto the porch rails and smoked as he stared off into Hell. “It was all my choice….. now she is gone…. For 100 years…. She’s gone….. and after all that time, she won’t remember me, ill be a stranger to her”. Blitz frowned as his watched his botto- no, his lover, sit and be depressed. His daughter Loona invited them in for their drinking game. Stolas didn’t want to go in at first, and told Blitz to enjoy his Sinsmas, but Blitz refused to leave him on the balcony alone while this depressed.

Sitting down, Loona broke out Sinopoly and several packs of drinks. Passing one to everyone, she stated the rules and said “Everytime you land on someones property, you drink! Now lets get fucking wasted!” Everyone chanted, except Stolas. They all played the game, and drank as they went. Stolas was quite clumsy at the game due to his mind being elsewhere, where as he typically dominates the game in past attempts due to understanding the rules. He ended up drinking more than he should’ve, but honestly wanted to drown himself in booze til the pain in his chest stopped. He almost wanted to take the happy pills, but felt guilty more than ever about them.

After 2-3 hours of drinks, Stolas was absolutely out of it. Between drinks and the overwhelming feelings throughout the last month, he was out of this universe. Blitz, who was drunk, but still somewhat aware, realized how bad Stolas was, and told everyone we should wrap it up. Seeing how late it was, and how drunk everyone was, no one was ok enough to walk or drive home. Loona’s friends took her room, while stolas and blitz stayed in the living room. Laying Stolas down, he put a bucket nearby, covered him with a blanket, and went to bed in the bean bag.

Around early morning Stolas groaned as he woke up, but he couldn’t tell what woke him up, until he finally payed attention to the series of vomiting coming from the bathroom and the kitchen. Everyone was so plastered they all got sick the next day. Stolas felt his stomach turn and went towards the balcony to get sick. His head hurt severely and he noticed something else immediately, he had to pee, and he had to pee NOW! He knew he would have to wait until someone exited the bathroom, but that could be forever from now! Standing wasnt helping so he decided to go back and sit on the couch and wait. He was a prince, if he could even call himself that anymore, he could hold it. He wasn’t about to piss himself like a drunk fool in front of his desired lover and his daughter and friends.

As time passed, Stolas was twisted like a pretzel, has gotten sick a few more times, which didn’t help his aching bladder. It was beginning to hurt, as he crossed his legs and his fingers dug into his cloaca, desperate to pee, and desperate to not pee himself. Eventually Blitz woke up, hung over, but not sick, at least yet. He made some coffee figuring everyone would need it. “Mmm’ring big bird, you still plastered as fuck?” He chuckled, and all Stolas could do was whimper several owl noises.

This got Blitz’s attention, and he could see the bird shivering from something on his couch. “Hey…. Yo gooood?” he asked as he walked around to figure out what was going on. Stolas felt a leak and was about to speak up until his stomach turned. Running towards the balcony he got sick once more. The pressure of it plus standing and letting go of his crotch caused him to begin full force peeing into his pants. Once he was done emptying his stomach, he come to realize his bladder was emptying. “No no no no NO NO!” He yelped as he twisted himself until he stopped peeing and hawked. Blitz followed him and saw the wet pants and chuckled a bit “couldn’t wait for the bathroom b…..” then stopped. Stolas’s tear stained face was enough to snap him out of his hungover brain. “Hey birdie?”

…….whimpering

”Stols?”

More whimpering

”Stolas, hey im sorry i…..”

”I HATE MYSELF!!!”

Blitz jumped back, shocked by the yelling. He looked at the rapid tears falling from the owl as several whimpering owl noises came from his beak. “Look at me blitz! I fucking hate myself! I lost my house! I lost my garden! I lost my daughter! All of hell hates me! I have nothing! I’m so pathetic, I can’t even look at myself, i have no idea how to do anything, im useless! Now im getting drunk and sick on your dam balcony and embarrassing myself so much, i just…. Why am i even alive?!”

Wails and cries came from the bird and sounds of pain as he was fighting the much needed release he needed. He couldn’t do anything but cry until he felt Blitz lift his chin, tears in his own eyes. “Stolas…….. I’m sorry…… I’m sorry you lost everything, I’m sorry you can’t see your kid, and I'm sorry you feel like you have no one and are this hurt…… i know what it feels like to hate yourself…… but… Stols, you aren’t alone, I’m not leaving your side, I’m not mad that you tried to drink away your shit, I’ve done the same fucking thing…..please don’t punish yourself, it gets you no where but misery, ive done it plenty…. Even on the day i thought i didn’t matter to you”

Stolas tried to hold it in painfully as he listened to blitz. His mind was going in so many directions, and he was trying to hold gallons of pee. Blitz, realizing that Stolas was in his own world, climbed into his lap. “Does it hurt?” He asked as he rubbed the birds cheek in his hand. Stolas, tears streaming down his wet feathered cheek, nodded. “H…hh h hurts…… v v very much…” he muttered in sobs. Blitz lifted his chin and looked at Stolas, eyes meeting, hearts racing. “Let go…” he told the big emotional bird. Stolas bit his cheek and shook his head, but Blitz wasn’t taking no for an answer. Kissing his forehead, he hugged him tight and whispered “come on Stolas…. Let go”.

It took just that, as he physically couldn’t hold it anymore. Stolas uncrossed his legs and let go, pee hissing as loud as possible as he let go into his pants. The big bird sighed and blushed, his feathers puffing as he relaxed. Stolas still has tears running down his cheek, but he wasn’t sure if it was the relief or his depression, or both, but either way, the relief was near orgasmic. He panted as the overwhelming sensations hit across his body, and his pants became increasingly wet and warm. Blitz never let go of Stolas the entire time he peed, instead his rubbed his back and tried to console him. “Feeling better bud?” he whispered as he could hear the stream slowing down. “Mmmmmmm mmmm mmm mm much….. b bbb bb better….” Stolas replied as he too his first deep breath after all of that.

Stolas looked at Blitz, mortified “i i i im so sorry blitz……. I i im ssssss so sorry!” Before he could apologize more, Blitz shushed him. “Bud, its ok, don’t be, that had to have felt like an orgasm with how much you went!!!! Holy fuck tits!” The small joke earned a small smile from the emotion bird. “Come on, Lets get you cleaned big guy”.

Part 2?

