Brittany's bladder blunder

Author: Bomber27

*000*2025-07-16 05:17

This is a story that just includes wetting. I'm only specifying because I've contributed a couple of messing stories previously. But no messing here.

[Main subject Brittany is a short, curvy white woman with long brown hair in her early 30s, and a mom of 2]

It was the day of her 5 year old's kindergarten field trip to the zoo, and Brittany had volunteered to be a parent chaperone. It was a hot day, so everyone needed to stay hydrated and as such they were careful to make sure all the kids had bathroom breaks regularly. Brittany made sure she also used the bathroom at every opportunity. She tended to have a very active bladder and was drinking a lot of water.

By the end of the day, Brittany had drank so much water that she was needing to pee again within just 15 or 20 minutes of each bathroom break. It was frustrating, but such is life for her, especially after having kids. She still did her best to make sure all the kids in her group took care of what they needed to, and after a fun day at the zoo they all headed back to their school bus to head home. Brittany took her group (and herself) for one last bathroom break before getting on the bus.

Nevertheless, by the time everyone was on the bus and accounted for and the driver began to pull away, Brittany was ALREADY feeling like she had to pee again. She grimaced with discomfort and prepared herself for an uncomfortable ride home.

About 30 minutes into their hour long ride, the bus was stuck in afternoon traffic on the highway. Other parents and teacher chaperones were keeping some of the kids entertained with games or songs, and the kids also enjoyed a snack during the ride. Brittany could barely focus though. Her bladder was starting to throb and she needed to pee so badly that even her back was starting to hurt, and her leg was bouncing up and down like crazy. She was so uncomfortable that she decided to find out if it was possible to stop for the bathroom.

She got up to make her way to the front of the bus to talk to one of the teachers and the bus driver, and standing and moving made her really feel the pressure on her bladder and her entire lower body was in discomfort, even her feet. All she could think about was how it was possible she needed to pee so bad despite all her bathroom breaks, but she did drink tons of water. She got to the front of the bus and talked to one of the teachers.

"What are the odds that we can make a pit stop soon? Some of the kids need the bathroom" Brittany asked, too embarrassed to admit that it was she who needed to go.

The teacher seemed a little stressed out and said "oh no. Did they not go before we got on the bus? We are already behind schedule because of this traffic. We need to get back to the school so they're in time for pick ups or their busses home."

Brittany was stunned and dismayed. She couldn't believe that the request was denied despite her lying about it being the kids. She tried to plead her case and said "i think it may be an emergency for at least one." The teacher just seemed more stressed and said she would talk to the bus driver and see what she could do. Brittany thanked her and headed back to her seat.

As she sat there squirming in her seat and tapping her foot rapidly, she kept a close eye on the front of the bus, waiting for the teacher or driver to announce they were stopping for a bathroom. But several minutes went by, and no such announcement came. Brittany sighed a deep sigh, anxiously stared out her window and tried to block out intrusive thoughts of flushing toilets, dripping water and flowing rivers. She needed to pee so badly.

Her 5 year old was in the seat directly behind her sitting with her friend, and must have sensed something was up because she said "what's wrong mommy?" Brittany just told her nothing and not to worry, but it made her self conscious that her desperation was obvious, so she made an effort to sit still and stay calm. The effort only lasted a few seconds before she involuntarily started twisting and squirming again, pressing her legs together firmly and trying her best not to hold herself with her hands. By that point, she started to realize that they probably weren't going to make a pit stop.

That's when it got real.

The bus was JUST starting to move smoothly again after a long period of crawling traffic, but it proved to be a good news-bad news situation. The good news was that moving meant she'd be getting to the bathroom sooner, but it also meant the ride was a little bumpier, just adding to the strain on her aching bladder. Finally, the first sign of impending disaster presented itself...she leaked a little in her underwear.

She just couldn't keep it from happening. She squeezed her legs together even tighter and finally gave in and buried one of her hands in her lap while turning her body all the way towards the window to be discrete. She just kept wildly bouncing her leg, and then another leak. This time she could feel the wetness in the gusset of her white and gray striped cotton panties. She cringed and took a deep breath, and pleaded with herself to focus and hold it in. But being a young mom who had given birth twice in the past 5 years, she didn't exactly have the best control...no matter how hard she tried, small leaks kept happening, and she began facing the harsh reality that she was probably going to pee her pants.

Brittany watched with intent out the window at their progress, desperate to make it back to the school. She wondered what ever became of her request for a pit stop and started looking up towards the teacher she spoke to. She wanted to get up and go talk to her again and reiterate that there was an emergency, but frankly she was scared to stand up. Then, another leak. This time she could feel her underwear was warm and sopping wet right between her legs and it was starting to soak through her blue jeans, and she felt the wetness on her fingers as she kept her hand buried in her lap. Then another leak. And another spurt. And another leak. Finally, it was too late.

As she sat on the school bus full of kindergartners, other parents, teachers, and her own daughter, Brittany realized the horrifying reality that she was having an accident. There was no holding on anymore, and finally the short leaks gave way to a steady stream. A warm tingling sensation enveloped her crotch, and the warmth rapidly spread beneath her butt. It just kept coming, and the pee was steaming through her jeans, between her her fingers as she desperately and futily tried to stop it, and it all began to puddle up on the leather bus seat. Then it began to drip off the seat, making a mess and also making noise as it splattered on the floor, bringing attention to herself. Within 30 seconds it was all over. Brittany had completely wet herself, and just sat there stunned.

Before she knew it, one of the teachers was handing her a roll of paper towels that was on the bus and two of the other parents came to crowd her seat and keep the kids from noticing. Brittany was red and shaking with embarrassment as she sheepishly accepted the paper towels and started using them to wipe up the puddle on the seat. As kids, including her own daughter , began curiously asking what was going on, a quick thinking parent lied on Brittany's behalf and said she spilled her water bottle. It was enough to fool the kids, but Brittany was utterly mortified by the other parents and teachers knowing she had an accident.

She finished wiping up the seat and floor as best as she could, then had to endure the remainder of the ride in her soaked jeans and a red face. She felt really dumb and ashamed of herself, and just hoped she didn't embarrass her daughter. She wished she had better control of herself, and began thinking of the possibility that she has an overactive bladder.

When they finally got back to the school, one of the teachers told her she could just go directly to her car with her daughter and didnt need to go back inside with anyone. They all got off the bus, and everyone could see she had a wet stain on the lap of her jeans and her entire butt was soaked with a wet stain the size of a dinner plate. Some of the kids giggled because it "looked like" she peed her pants. She reiterated the lie that she spilled her water and quickly walked off to her car with her daughter.

When they got to the car, Brittany put a bag on her seat to protect it from her peed jeans. She was stunned the entire drive home, wishing she could somehow just forget what happened, but the whole thing was just too mortifying. She simply couldn't believe that on a bus full of kindergartners, it was her, a 30 year old mom, who ended up wetting her pants.

*003*2025-07-28 14:02

I appreciate the feedback. Im definitely mostly a fan of authentic desperation and accidents so its usually what I write about. I'm sure I'll write again.

*007*2025-08-01 17:20

Brittany's walk of shame after getting off the bus

&&

