The Hippie with the Iron Bladder

Author: BartleyZumboza

*000*2021-11-26 19:46

Howdy everyone! Here's a story I just sort of jotted down a couple days ago after getting baked and listening to a whole ton of 60's psychedelic and folk rock. I feel like I got kind of lazy towards the end, and I'm not entirely sure where the story is going to go next but hopefully you all enjoy the premise! Feel free to give me suggestions on where to take the story....I'm not really planning anything in advance, just letting the story come the way it comes. Enjoy!

The Hippie with the Iron Bladder

Los Angeles, 1967

“Hallways and staircases every day to climb, to go up to my white walled room out on the end of time,” rang Gene Clark’s poetic serenade of adoration, accompanied by the soaring harmonies of David Crosby and Jim McGuinn. McGuinn’s jangly Rickenbacker solo filled the room with a warm, bright sound, to which a young flower child by the name of Tess Karuna blissfully awoke. The skinny, long-haired, bearded guitarist she had just spent the night with was nowhere to be found, but the scent of bacon and pot smoke coming from the kitchen was a pretty clear indication of where he had gone. Tess rolled out of bed and slipped into her underwear. She was almost tempted to use the toilet on her way out.

Almost.

Tess swayed into the kitchen and leaned up against the support beam. Her date, looking just as disheveled and ruggedly handsome as he had when she’d first laid her eyes on him at his band’s show the night before, stood at the stove in nothing but his underpants, cooking bacon and eggs with one hand and holding a joint in the other. She stared at his ass while he subtly swayed his hips to the Byrds. Meanwhile, she was swaying her hips too, but for a slightly different reason. It had been over 12 hours since she had last emptied her bladder. This was something that Tess regularly did - she frequently attended rock concerts and would never even think of using the toilets at a show. They were always disgusting, and she knew she was capable of holding it for long periods of time anyway. This time, she hadn’t anticipated that she’d end up in bed with one of the band members. She felt it kind of rude to just use some guy’s toilet without him offering it first.

Tess walked up to her date and smacked his ass.

“Good morning handsome,” Tess said, smirking at him.

“Oh, hey,” he said, smiling back.

“Gonna share?” Tess asked, gesturing to the joint in his hand. He handed it to her. She took a deep drag of smoke and held it in for a few seconds before coughing her lungs away. Each cough felt like a knife stabbing her directly in the bladder, and she had to cross her legs to keep herself from pissing all over her date’s shag carpet.

“You’re gonna really feel that in a minute,” the slacker musician laughed. He grabbed one of the two glasses of water he had already poured for himself and Tess, and handed it to her. “Here.” he said.

Tess gulped the water down. It helped a little, but she knew her bladder would not be happy with her for filling it up even more instead of emptying it like it desperately wanted her to do. Nothing Tess couldn’t handle. She’d been fuller before. Tess had always had a mindset that she was the one who controls her bladder, not the other way around. There was no way just a little more water would be enough for Tess to give in to those animalistic urges.

No, she was far more preoccupied thinking about her other animalistic urges. Her date was exactly her type. Just scraggly enough to turn her on, just well put-together enough to be presentable in public. Both were hippies; children of the counterculture. He was a member of a local rock and roll band trying to make it big. They called themselves The Waterfalls, a name that their lead guitarist and primary songwriter, the man whose house Tess was in, thought was dumb and uncreative. Tess, for her part, loved it. She had always been into musicians. The sex had been phenomenal, and just thinking about it was making her wet.

“You hungry?” he asked as he turned the stove off and prepared two plates of eggs and bacon. Of course, she couldn’t say no.

“Starving,” Tess responded.

“Table’s over there,” her date gestured. “You like coffee?” Although the thought of even more liquids entering her bladder made Tess shudder just a little, she desperately needed some caffeine to cure her hangover.

“Love it,” she responded as she sat down at the table. Tess felt bad, since although the two of them had really hit it off the previous night, dropped some acid, talked about philosophy and the universe, and made love like animals while listening to the brand new, and utterly mind-blowing Beatles record, she didn’t think she ever bothered to learn his name. As he came over with the plates and coffee, she opened her mouth to ask him.

“You know,” he said before Tess could utter a single word. “I’m sorry, but….we were so caught up in the moment last night that….”

“You didn’t ask my name,” Tess said with a smirk.

Her date looked incredibly embarrassed. He didn’t seem like the type to just shag a girl and boot her out the door.

“It’s Tess,” she said. “Tess Karuna.”

He smiled and sat down on the side of the table adjacent to hers. As he ate his bacon, he almost didn’t notice Tess looking at him expectantly. After a few seconds, he realized his mistake.

“Oh um….” he stammered. “Wait….I didn’t….? Um.”

Tess simply looked at him and waited for his response.

“Stephen,” he finally said. “…..McAdams.”

“You know, you’re going to have to introduce yourself to your fans every now and then if you ever want to be a famous rock and roll star,” she sardonically remarked.

Stephen was definitely embarrassed. He really did like her. He supposed he had been too high on psychedelics to ask such an important question as a girl’s name. Tess was his type just as much as he was hers. She stood at barely five feet, with a swarthy complexion, long black hair, and thick hips. She seemed racially ambiguous - possibly a little Indian or possibly even Polynesian in there. He had also noticed her stomach bulging out slightly below her navel, something that he thought was unusual but still, the curves of her body really turned him on. Even the way she was eating her breakfast was appealing to him. She was just beautiful in every way.

“I’m just playing with you,” said Tess. “Your band is really good.”

“Thanks, I really appreciate it,” Stephen said, smiling.

Tess tried to hold it back, she really did. But she just couldn’t control it - it just came out right then. She just started laughing uncontrollably. Her bladder, still immensely full, was not taking too kindly to Tess’ giggle fit.

“What’s so funny?” Stephen asked.

Tess suddenly became extremely self-conscious. Stephen was right - that pot really did hit her hard. She was totally, completely stoned. That was alright for her. Tess absolutely loved getting high, especially when her bladder was full. The sensation of desperately needing to piss just felt a whole lot more pleasurable when she was totally zonked. She had inadvertently tied her legs into a knot and was slightly bouncing in her chair. Every contraction of her diaphragm was another shock to her bladder. Her piss was desperately trying to come out and she had to hold on with everything she had to prevent herself from soaking Stephen’s furniture.

“You alright, Tess?” Stephen asked, starting to chuckle a bit himself.

“Stephen. I am so fucking high right now,” Tess replied with a giggle, looking directly into Stephen’s eyes. Stephen took her cues. He placed his hand on her thigh and leaned in to kiss her. As soon as his lips reached hers, she threw her arms around Stephen and straddled him in his chair, furiously making out. She reached into his underpants and started stroking his cock.

Tess wanted Stephen’s dick inside her so badly. She was definitely fuller than she’d been the night before, clearly the result of all the beers they had drunk before passing out in his bed. Sex was always better to Tess the fuller her bladder was - and she was definitely as full and as horny as she could possibly imagine. Unfortunately, this excitement wouldn’t last very long.

“Oh, shit!” Stephen suddenly said. “Shit! It’s past noon already!”

“What’s wrong?” Tess asked.

“I’m late for band practice,” he said. “Fuck, this is the fifth time I’ve done this this month. The guys are gonna be so pissed off at me.”

Tess slid off of him, a little disappointed.

“You’d better get going then, huh?”

Stephen sighed, equally disappointed. He really liked her and badly wanted to fuck her again.

“Hey,” he said. “Why don’t you come to band practice? You can meet the guys and everything.”

“Oh, I dunno,” she said skeptically. Tess really didn’t want to be that girl who just hangs out at band practice. She knew how some bands get when one of their members is always bringing their girlfriend around. She didn’t want to intrude.

“It’s okay,” Stephen said. “The other guys bring their girlfriends all the time. It’s no big deal.”

Tess blushed hearing the word “girlfriend”. After all, they barely knew each other. They didn’t even know each other’s names until just a moment ago. She assumed, though, that he didn’t really mean anything by it.

“Alright then,” she said. “I’ll come.”

“Okay, cool,” Stephen said with a smile. “Okay, uh, I’m gonna take a leak, get dressed, grab my guitar, and then we’ll head out, alright?”

“Sounds like a plan,” Tess replied, as Stephen headed towards the bathroom.

Tess was completely unprepared for the sound of Stephen’s piss loudly cascading into the toilet. It was almost as if he knew. What if he did know? What if he knew how badly she needed to piss and was deliberately pissing as loud as he possibly could just to torment her? Of course, she had no idea if he really knew, but the thought alone was enough to turn her on. As he emerged, she quickly slipped on her flowery dress. She watched Stephen as he dressed himself. He really didn’t put on much of anything other than a white t-shirt and a pair of slightly worn-out jeans. That’s what she liked about him.

“Ready to go?” he asked.

She considered pissing for a second. Her bladder was incredibly full and she was still really stoned. But she decided to make the excuse for herself that there was no time. Stephen was already late. She didn’t want to hold him up any longer. Besides, she’d been fuller before. This was nothing Tess couldn’t handle.

“Let’s go,” she said.

And with that, they jumped in his car and zoomed off.

To be continued if y’all like it!

Bart Z

*005*2021-11-27 21:05

{{21 hours ago, FullBladder85 said:

This is a pretty good start to your story, I'm eager to see just how long Tess will hold it for.

}}

Glad you enjoy it! I've actually been inspired by the characters in some of your stories who enjoy holding.

*009*2021-12-06 15:23

{{On 12/3/2021 at 9:14 PM, brown4182004 said:

Are you going to do other eras, like the 70s, the 80s, and the 90s?

}}

I don't know yet but right now I'm sticking to Tess' story in 1967. I'm already working on the second chapter

*010*2022-01-04 20:10

Hi everyone! Sorry for the delay, been busy with the holidays and life. Working very hard on Chapter 2 and it will be up soon. Hopefully you guys will like it!

*011*2022-01-04 23:28

Happy New Year everyone! We pick up right where we left Tess last time. Enjoy!

Chapter 2

“You think we look pretty good together, you think my shoes are made of leather. But I’m a substitute for another guy, I look pretty tall but my heels are high, the simple things you see are all complicated, I look pretty young but I’m just back-dated, yeah,” Pete Townshend wrote, vicariously singing his lament of a dissatisfactory relationship through the mouth of Roger Daltrey. The song rang through the radio speakers of Stephen McAdams’ vehicle as he drove, his left hand steering, his right hand holding the left hand of his date, the drop-dead gorgeous, mixed-race flower child Tess Karuna.

“Substitute!” sang Tess, along with Daltrey's voice.

“Your lies for fact, I see right through your plastic mac!” Stephen sang back.

Not even 24 hours together and Stephen and Tess were already on the exact same page in their music taste. This was the fifth song on this drive they had sung together at the top of their lungs. Both of them were deeply invested in many of these British rock and roll bands, The Who, of course, being among them. Tess was really enjoying the ride. She felt more attracted to Stephen than she had been the previous night. And while her left hand was firmly clasped in Stephen’s right, her right hand was firmly placed underneath her dress, in between her legs. Every single time Stephen’s car hit a bump, her right hand would grip tighter around her pussy.

“This is what you get, Tess, this is what you asked for,” Tess thought to herself as she winced her way through the incredibly bumpy ride to The Waterfalls’ practice spot. Stephen seemed to be very proud of his car, a shiny, red 1957 Ford Thunderbird. He talked a lot about how he bought the car at a discount and fixed it up himself, but Tess thought that he should probably take it to a professional mechanic. She didn’t know a whole lot about cars, but she knew enough to recognize when the shock absorbers needed to be replaced. Maybe Stephen didn’t notice or didn’t care how rough the ride was, but Tess’ overfilled bladder just seemed to have a superb sense of when a car’s shocks were busted.

At this point, the coffee and water Stephen had given Tess earlier were finally making their way down to her bladder. She insisted to herself that she could handle it. She’d objectively been fuller before, but by GOD, the way Stephen’s car was bumping and rocking around was really making her feel the need to pee way worse than she normally would when her bladder was at this level of fullness.

But this is what Tess asked for. She wanted her bladder to be full. She didn’t want to release it. Not yet at least. She liked this feeling. That’s what she told herself every time her unbearably handsome date’s car hit a bump and made her bladder spasm. She hadn’t even told Stephen how badly she needed to urinate. She wasn’t even sure if he knew. And she was trying her best to hide it, although she wasn't sure at this point that she was doing a remotely decent job.

Soon, and much to Tess’ relief, the car finally pulled up to an adorable little bungalow somewhere in the San Fernando Valley. Getting out of the car was a bit of a struggle with the fullness of her bladder, but she managed to get out without Stephen noticing her hand between her legs. Tess could hear the band already playing in the garage. They sounded fantastic, but Tess could tell they needed Stephen to really fill out the sound.

Stephen led Tess into the garage. The four other members of the band were playing at one end of the garage and two identical skinny blond girls were seated on the couch off to the side watching the band. Still mildly hungover but recalling the previous night, Tess started to remember why she was so attracted to Stephen and not so much the other guys in the band. It’s not that the other four guys weren’t good-looking: far from it. They were all very handsome, just in a way that didn’t turn Tess on at all.

The quartet practicing were four very clean-cut guys, almost reminiscent of the Beach Boys. Ronnie Edison, the lead singer and tambourine player, was short and bright blond with boyish features. He looked much younger than the rest of the band, not a day over 21. Ronnie’s twin brother Jimmy Edison, the rhythm guitarist, looked a lot like Ronnie, albeit a bit taller and more muscular, and somehow even looked a little older, even though they were twins. On bass was Carlos dos Santos, originally from Brazil. With his swinging hips, his swarthy complexion, and his coiffed hair, Carlos reminded Tess of Ritchie Valens if he’d lived past the age of 17.

The guy had a lot more charisma than Ronnie and seemed to be having the most fun out of all of them. Tess thought Carlos should have been the frontman, but he may have been relegated to bass due to his accent. And finally, on drums was Gene Klostermann, who seemed a bit bored. Gene was the only one out of the four of them who wasn’t smiling. He just focused on the drums, as if he had a job to do and his goal was just to get through the day. Stephen was clearly the odd man out. He was the only one in the band who had a beard, the only one who grew his hair out, possibly even the only one in the band who smoked pot. As the band finished up the song, Ronnie shot Stephen a death glare.

“Well look who finally decided to show up. Fucking kidding me, Steve?” Ronnie spat. He clearly wasn’t from L.A. with his distinctly northeastern accent. Tess had spent her entire life in California, so she couldn’t really tell the difference between a New York accent and a Boston accent, but she could tell he came from somewhere around there. He sounded completely different speaking than he did singing.

“I’m here now, aren’t I?” Stephen shot back.

“Three hours in, Steve, three hours in,” said Ronnie. He looked over at Tess. “I see you had a fun night. You even brought us a souvenir from last night's show.”

Tess looked away. She felt like she was intruding on something serious. She felt like all eyes were on her. She knew she’d be intruding if she showed up, but Stephen had convinced her to come. She tried as hard as she could to relax her legs, which were pressed tightly together. She didn’t want to make it obvious how badly she needed to pee.

“Yeah, Ron, just like you and Jim. Every day with those weird, rhyming twins,” Stephen hissed. Tess and the two identical girls sitting on the couch shot glances at each other. Tess felt like the two girls who looked like Swedish supermodels were silently judging her.

Ronnie looked like he was about to clock Stephen in the face. “You motherf–” he started to say before he was cut off.

“Hey! Guys! Come on, we’re wasting time,” Carlos interrupted in his very obvious Brazilian accent. “We’re all here now, we got work to do, let’s play.”

Ronnie sighed and put his hands on his hips, clearly exasperated. “Fine. But I’m warning you, Steve, I’m fucking sick of you pulling this shit all the time. It don’t matter how good your songs are. We’re going into the fucking studio tomorrow. Tomorrow, Steve. You understand what that means? Means we gotta be tight as fuck. Means you gotta fucking show up on time. Sober.”

“Okay, I get it,” said Stephen.

“Fucking serious, Steve,” said Ronnie, getting up in Stephen’s face. “You got one more chance. You fuck up again, you’re done. Fucking done. We go on without you. Got it?”

“Yeah. Yeah man, I got it,” said Stephen, submitting to Ronnie’s authority.

“Good.” said Ronnie. “Get your shit set up. Your girl can sit on the couch. I’m gonna go smoke a fucking cig.”

After this exchange, Tess concluded the obvious: Ronnie and Stephen hated each other. Stephen had mentioned that he was, in many ways, the black sheep of the band and that he doesn’t hang out with them as much as they do with each other, but Tess didn’t realize that there was such animosity between them until now. Stephen was the primary songwriter of the band and his songs were spectacular. Tess really thought the band could become very successful with Stephen’s songs, and she thought it was unfair that Ronnie treated him this way. Maybe he was just playing with the wrong band.

Tess sat down in the middle of the couch, between the two identical girls. It took a few seconds for her rapidly ballooning bladder to adjust to the seated position, but that’s not what made her uncomfortable. She was perfectly comfortable with having a full bladder. She was entirely used to it. Tess’ bladder was almost always full.

No, what made her uncomfortable were the gazes of the two women sitting on either side of her. As soon as Tess sat down, both of them simultaneously shifted their gaze towards her. These two women looked exactly the same. Both were tall, thin, and so beautiful Tess couldn’t even believe they were real human beings. They both had that Brigitte Bardot backcombed hairstyle, and they were both wearing almost the exact same outfit: a striped shirt and solid-colored jeans, with the only differentiation being the color they chose. The one on Tess’ left seemed to favor red, while the one to her right favored green. Tess acknowledged that she was stoned, and part of her unease with the two girls may have had to do with the paranoid stage of being so high, but she was sure she’d still be unsettled even if she were stone-cold sober.

“Hi,” the red-wearing girl on the left finally said. “My name’s Melanie Melville, but you can call me Mel.”

“And I’m Melissa Melville,” said the girl in green to Tess’ right. “But you can call me Mel.”

Of course, thought Tess. Of course these two identical women have the same name. At least it would make it easier when talking to them. Tess wouldn’t have to remember which one has which name. The twins were both clearly from London, as Tess noticed by their accents.

“I’m Ronnie’s Mel,” said Melanie.

“I’m Jimmy’s Mel,” said Melissa.

“But sometimes, we switch,” they said in unison. This really freaked Tess out.

“The love we have, we love bestowing,” said Melanie.

“When Jim and Ronnie’s rods are growing,” responded Melissa with a wink. Melanie bit her lip as she winked back at her sister.

“For never is there a way of knowing which Mel is which!” the Mels recited together.

What the hell? Tess thought. Did the Mels rehearse this? Maybe she smoked too much grass earlier, she thought. Tess felt like she had left her plane of reality and was suddenly transported into a Lewis Carroll novel. The Mels seemed like Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum, and Tess was Alice, sitting in the middle of two confusing twins who nobody understands but each other.

“I share what’s hers, she shares what’s mine,” said Melissa

“All of our assets intertwine!” said Melanie.

“But enough of us! Let’s drink some wine!” they both said simultaneously, while each reaching over to both sides of the couch and producing two bottles of red wine and three glasses. They each poured themselves a glass, and poured Tess twice the amount each of them had.

“A toast to us!” said Melanie.

“And to our new friend,” said Melissa.

“Stephen’s pretty concubine!” they said together. The twins clinked their glasses together and laughed. Tess was thoroughly weirded out by this situation. They couldn’t possibly have rehearsed this, but it felt all too surreal for it to have been natural. Soon, Melanie noticed Tess’ discomfort. All of her discomfort.

“I’m sorry darling,” she said. “My sister Mel and I…”

“...can read each other’s minds,” said Melissa. “And Mel and I love…”

“Simply love,” added Melanie.

“Messing with new friends,” they both said.

“Oh,” responded Tess. She really had no idea what to say. The experience she’d just had with the sisters had left her literally speechless.

“What’s your name, darling?” asked Melissa.

“Um, it’s Tess,” she answered.

“Tess what?” Melanie interjected.

“Tess Karuna.”

“Tess Karuna!” the sisters cried, clinking their glasses again.

“A lovely name, I must say, Mel!” laughed Melanie.

“I must agree, a fine name, Mel!” giggled Melissa.

“Miss Tess Karuna, please drink up!” Melanie insisted.

“Oh, Mel, leave her alone,” implored Melissa. “She was with Stephen last night. She’s probably hung over.”

“Yes, you’re right, Mel,” Melanie admitted. “How about some tea? We’ve got quite a variety here.”

“Oh, uh,” Tess replied, starting to realize that maybe she was pushing her bladder too far. “No thanks, I’m fine for now.”

Tess looked over at Stephen, who was still setting things up with the band. They were all talking to each other, paying no attention to the girls on the couch. Stephen glanced over at Tess. He smiled and waved. Tess waved back before Stephen went back to setting up his gear.

“Oh, Mel, she’s perfect for him, don't you agree?” Melanie asked her sister while watching Tess and Stephen interact.

“More than perfect, Mel,” Melissa responded. “In fact, I’d go so far as to say they’re soulmates.”

Melanie touched Tess’ arm. “She has just the right skin,” she said.

Melissa brushed Tess’ hair. “All the good graces.”

Then, the Mels gently stroked their hands down Tess’ sides, moving down her hips and up towards her lower stomach. “And just the right curves in just the right places,” they said in unison. When the Mels reached Tess’ bladder area, they pressed down on it. Not hard, but her bladder was so full that just a tiny bit of pressure caused her to tense up. Tess was getting very uncomfortable. Mel and Mel looked at each other and gave each other a smirk.

“Tess, I’ve had a thought; and Mel would certainly agree,” said Melissa. “Miss Tess, you’re fidgeting around - you’re jumpy as a flea!”

“You’ve barely drunk your wine and you refused a cup of tea,” said Melanie. “And Mel and I have seen your legs crossed as tightly as can be.” Tess suddenly noticed how tightly crossed her legs were. She tried to uncross them, but as soon as she did, her hand involuntary shot in between her legs.

Both sisters gasped, covering their mouths with their hands and staring at Tess with wide eyes. “Dear Miss Tess Karuna,” they whispered in unison into her ears. “Are you, perhaps, desperate to pee?”

Tess turned bright red. She tried so hard to hide it but these two just figured her out instantly. Now, suddenly, she didn’t feel like she wanted to hold it anymore. She really needed to go. In fact, she was starting to regret her hubris earlier in believing she could hold it as long as she had. She was completely, utterly desperate. She was on the verge of peeing all over the couch. Fuck. She needed to piss. NOW. She tried to stand up.

But nope.

She couldn’t.

Mel and Mel were holding her down. Just by her arms. They were stronger than they looked. Tess couldn’t budge.

“Oh Mel, I think our dear friend Tess just may be one of those,” Melissa remarked. “A girl who’d rather hold her pee than go powder her nose.”

Melanie gently stroked Tess’ bladder bulge as she continued her sister’s rhyme: “If Tess released this pent-up piss, she’d piss a fire hose! We can’t just let that happen, Mel! It’d soil our good friend’s clothes!”

“And don’t forget that sexy curve her bladder does display,” added Melissa. “What kind of friends would let our Tessie piss that curve away?”

“Since Stephen loves his curvy girls, her piss curve must remain!” Melanie decisively declared. “If Tess Karuna empties it, she won't find love again.”

“Don't worry, dear Miss Tess Karuna,” the Mels declared in unison. “My sister Mel and I will help you hold it in!”

Tess, trying to be as quiet as possible to avoid disturbing the band, tried to convince the sisters to let her go.

“Okay, you girls got me,” she confessed. “I came here needing to pee. I do like it sometimes. But I need to go so badly now. I really can’t hold it.”

“But you’re holding it right now,” Melanie pointed out.

“No, my bladder is completely full.”

“Nonsense!” laughed Melissa. “It can definity get fuller.”

“Girls,” Tess pleaded as quietly as possible. “I am seriously about to wet myself!”

“You are seriously about to keep holding it,” Melanie informed her.

“And what if I lose control?” Tess asked.

“You won’t!” said Melissa. “We can cork you up so you can stay dry!”

“I promise, miss Tess Karuna,” said Melanie. “You’re in good hands. We won’t let a single drop come out of you. Not in front of Stephen.”

“This is what you get, Tess, this is what you asked for,” she thought. But she didn’t want this. She liked holding her pee on her own terms and peeing when she wanted to. She wanted to be the one who controls her own bladder. She wasn’t prepared to have these two otherworldly rhyming women she just met control her bladder for her.

Soon, Ronnie came back inside. “Okay. Everyone all set up?” he asked.

Mel and Mel stood Tess up and very quickly started walking towards the door to the rest of the house, each of their arms holding Tess’ arms. Standing up and walking so quickly was almost as if her bladder was electrocuted

“Go right ahead, boys!” Melanie exclaimed.

“The ladies just have to nip to the loo!” Melissa clarified.

As Mel and Mel strong-armed Tess into the house, she could hear the sound of the band playing. She felt the vibrations of the music in her bladder.

Tess dreaded what was to come.

*016*2022-03-14 13:28

Hey everyone! I'm still planning to continue this. Just been very busy with work and life! Glad you're all enjoying it so far!

