The Football Game

Author: Bladder_Queen

*000*2018-10-30 22:32

Football was never my forte. I never understood the game, why they throw flags, why it’s okay to tackle each other. Basically the whole concept of football is a blur to me, but when a cute guy at school asked me to go, I decided I was definitely going to this game, no matter how confusing of a night. David had been talking for awhile, and I know he’s interested in me, and this football game was going to be the sign off on us dating.

I showed up and parked myself in the stands with a warm mug of coffee and a big blanket for us to share. I sipped slowly on the coffee, until I saw him walk up to the stadium. I waved him over and he had a big smile on his face.

“Is that for me?” he said, reaching for the coffee.

“It’s what’s keeping me warm right now! I don’t wanna share,” I giggled and put it between my legs.

“Here, let me fix that,” he leaned in and sat down next to me. He pulled a portion of the blanket over his shoulder and slid his arms around me. I snuggled up next to him and we watched the game together. He let me ask any questions I had about football and held me the entire time.

I finished the coffee, so he went up to concessions and got us water bottles with our school logo on them. I chugged mine before he could even open his.

“Thirsty much?” David laughed and sat back down.

“I’m always thirsty, I have no idea why!” I hit him with the side of the water bottle flirtatiously.

During halftime, one of the clubs walked through the stands, selling hot chocolate as a fundraiser. David waved one of them down and bought me a cup, which I sipped on slowly, but still finished quicker than him. He made fun of me again for drinking so much, but I told him it was completely normal for me to drink so much.

“Won’t you have to use the bathroom?”

“No… I don’t pee at all throughout the school day. I guess I just trained myself to not think about that,”

“I think I’ve got an idea…” David said, reaching into his back pocket for his wallet.

“Uuh.. what?” I didn’t know what exactly he was thinking, but he got up and grabbed my hand, pulling me down the stands and to concessions. He put a 20 dollar bill down onto the counter and asks for 5 water bottles. I followed him to underneath the stadium stands and he sat down, spreading the bottles in front of him.

“Chug.” David said, handing me one of the bottles.

“Dude, this is a really weird first date. Do you make all of your girlfriends do this?”

“No… but it seems you have a talent, and I wanna see how far you can go,” he shrugged his shoulders and motions me to start my mission “Now go ahead and start!”

I cracked open the first bottle and started to chug it. Once I finished that one, I kept going one after one, finishing each bottle until we ran out.

“How do you feel?” David scooted next me and put his hand on my abdomen, feeling my bladder.

“It kind of aches?” I pressed his hand down “I definitely need to pee now” I giggled and stand up.

“Uh.. where are you going?” David took my hand and pulled me back.

“To the bathroom?”

“No! Stay here for a bit longer?... Please?”

“I’m gonna come back? I’m not ditching you?”

“I just… I want to… Nevermind. You wouldn’t understand,”

I raise my eyebrows, more confused than I was watching football “No, what is it?”

“You can’t judge me, okay? You have to promise not t judge me, or I’ll feel disgusting and I’ll be too embarrassed to ever talk to you again,” he squeezed my hand a little harder.

“Yeah, of course! Just tell me!” I urged him. I sat back down next to him and leaned in really close

“I… I enjoy watching girls hold their bladders… and then pee everything out… So I thought it would be cool to see what you could do, but your bladder is huge, and I just wanna watch you handle all the liquid you just drank,” David didn’t even look at me while he told me this, but it was way more interesting than the game on the other side of the stands.

“So you want to watch me hold my pee?” I said, pulling his chin up to look at me “That’s okay, David. I’m not gonna judge you! If it makes you feel any better, I have a thing for calves… Like really muscular calves are really attractive to me.”

“So you don’t think it’s weird?” he looked up and smiled.

“No, not at all! People have their own things they find attractive, and you like girls with big bladders.”

We moved closer to each other, and I could tell we were both more relaxed. About half an hour went by, and all the water that I drank hit me.

I started squiming and grabbing my bladder. He noticed I was beginning to struggle and he smiled.

“Your bladder isn’t so tough anymore?” he put his hand back down and presses on my bladder. I winced and let a soft moan out. “Oh come on, girly. How badly do you have to pee?”

“10/10 David… My bladder feels like I’m gonna burst open,”

“Okay.. let’s play a game-”

“After I pee?”

“No babe, before you pee…” David placed his hand behind my neck and kissed me. I closed my eyes and kissed him back, putting my hand against my bladder. “Nuh uh…” he grabbed my hand “No touching”

I bit my lip and kissed him together, trying to distract myself more than before. The more I kissed him, the more the water seemed to push on my bladder. I whimpered and wiggled, David grabbed onto my hips and pulled me on top of him. I straddled his legs and pressed my hands against the cold pavement beneath him. I look around and no one is coming near where we are, and I get the idea the go a little harder on him. I started grinding against he crotch, which not only got him hard but subsided my bladder for a few moments. His breathing started getting heavier and his grip on my hips got harder.

I slid down his body and get between his legs. I rubbed his hard cock through his sweatpants and he started moaning. I raised my hips up into the air to ease some of the pressure from my bladder. I tugged down his bottoms and exposed his cock. I licked up between his balls to the tip of his cock and he convulsed.

“You okay?” I giggled out, stroking his cock.

“Huh?... Yeah, I’m fine…” he looked down at me and smiled “This isn’t like my usual first dates…” I sucked on his cock, rubbing the inside of his thighs. His moans and thrusts into my throat drove me crazy, and the hornier I got, the more pressure was pushed into my bladder.

Soon, I could feel urine, leaking slowly down my thigh. I quickly grasped myself and sat up.

“David… I’m going to pee myself…”

“Okay, we can stop! Go to the bathroom.” I stood up and felt a little more leak. I grasped myself a little harder and started running in place

“Nuh uh David… I’m not gonna make it. I have to go here…” I push my thighs together and start moaning.

“Are you comfortable enough to go in front of me?”

“Yeah yeah yeah… is that okay?”

“Be my guest, girly”

I sighed with relief and quickly unfastened my jeans, pulling them to below my knees. I turned around and faced away from him, as to be sure I didn’t make any embarrassing faces. I squatted down and began releasing my huge flood of pee. Right as I started feeling relieved, I heard a deep unfamiliar voice.

“Hey! What are you two doing down here!?”

I quickly cut off the flow and pulled my pants up, looking around. One of the security guards they keep at the football games was approaching us.

David leapt up and got in front of me “Sorry sir! My girlfriend just wasn’t feeling well around all those people, so we came down here to calm her down.” The pressure in my bladder built up again, so I squeezed my thighs together and tried to compose myself.

“Oh… Okay… Don’t spend too much time down here. Does she need anything?”

“No! Just a few more breaths will do her good. She was just feeling a bit overwhelmed up there. Thank you, though!”

The security guard left us and once I saw he was clear, I pulled my pants right back down and completely let out my bladder. It puddled and flooded at my feet and once I had released every last drop, I wiggled my hips and pulled my jeans back up.

I turned towards David and his jaw was wide open. He grabbed my hips and shook them back and forth.

“You… My dear, are a bladder queen!”

“Excuse me, but did you say I was your girlfriend back there?” I blushed and wrapped my arms over his shoulders.

“With a bladder like that, I’m never letting go of you,” David kissed my forehead and I got up on my tiptoes and kissed him harder. “Let’s go watch the ending of that game, right?”

“Or we can go make out in my car?” he said with a smirk.

“Or we can definitely do that.”

*002*2018-10-31 05:08

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that story it was excellent

}}

Thank you so much!

