The desperate female Plumber (my first ever attempt at writing an omo fiction)

Author: Bilingual guy

*000*2023-06-14 19:23

Hi everyone, I've been wanting to try writing an Omo fan fiction for a while now, and I've finally decided to go ahead and do it. I don't consider myself to be a good writer or anything, but I usually did good on papers for English class in college, so I'm gonna test my skills. Any feedback is appreciated. I'm not too knowledgeable about plumbing, so I'm sorry if some of the plumbing information is incorrect. Without further ado, here's the story:

Characters

Alexis: 28 year old Caucasian woman. Height is 5',6" weighs about 135 pounds with an average figure (not too curvy but not too skinny), with D cup boobs, and black hair with brown eyes. For how attractive she is, you wouldn't think she's a plumber.

Jamie: 30 year old Caucasian woman. Height is 5',8' weighs about 150 pounds with a curvy figure but thin waist. She had DD breast size, short blonde hair, with bright blue eyes

Alexis, a 28 year old aspiring plumber, was as hard working as they come. Her father had been one of the best plumbers in the state for his entire 30 year career, and although the industry predominantly consisted of men, she was determined to become the best female plumber in her state. Her studying and hard work paid off, as she landed a job at America's Best Plumbers, a major plumbing company in the area, where she's been working for the past few months. She was even recently rewarded her own company van for her to go do jobs independently due to her high quality work. Her usual work attire consisted of a pair of khaki workman's boots, a pair navy blue jeans, and a black collard shirt with the company logo on it. She also always wore a utility belt around her waist.

On this particular day, Alexis had been swamped with work all day. A fully booked schedule combined with a plethora of emergency calls, had even forced her to skip her lunch break. On top of this, a heat wave was striking the area creating a think blanket of humidity in the air. Not to worry though, as Alexis had made sure to drink plenty of water to avoid getting dehydrated. This troublesome combination however, had left her in dire need of a bathroom break.

At last the day was coming to an end. At this point, Alexis urgently needed to relieve herself, and planned to drive straight home to pee. Suddenly her phone rang. It was her manager. A last second emergency call to fix a broken sink had been requested, and the manager ordered Alexis take it. Due to her being a fairly new employee, she couldn't exactly say no, so she reluctantly agreed. She began to internally curse and complain about her much needed bathroom break being delayed, until she remembered that her van needed gas. She texted her manager that she'd go to the call after filling up her van, (and using the bathroom), at a gas station. Alexis arrived at the gas station, parked the van at a pump, then exited and briskly walked inside.

"excuse me, where's the ladies room?" Alexis asked the clerk. In a cruel twist of fate, the clerk informed her that the bathrooms were unavailable at the moment due to, ironically, a plumbing issue. Alexis's heart sank, as this meant that she wasn't going to get the relief she so desperately desired. With no other choice, she paid for the gas then returned to her van. Alexis could be seen doing a subtle yet noticeable bobbing motion as she filled up the van with gas while contemplating her next move. Rather than checking the store across the street to see if their toilets are working and risk being late to the appointment, she concluded that the most optimal solution was to go to the appointment and, despite it being unprofessional, ask the customer for permission to use their bathroom. As soon as the gas pump handle clicked off, she hopped into her van and sped out of there.

Things progressed smoothly, until she got to the street that led to the clients house. The battered and damaged road looked as if it hadn't been tended too in decades. Every pothole and bump she hit transmitted a pummeling sensation to her Bulging bladder. She grimaced in pain upon every impact, as she could feel the urine inside her sloshing around. Ultimately, she had to resort to driving with only one hand, as it was far too risky to remove the other one from her crotch. After what felt like an eternity, she pulled up to the clients driveway. "Finally, I'll be able to pee" she thought as she ran up and knocked on the door. A mildly curvy woman wearing a green tank top with Light blue jeans that showed off her hips and figure quite nicely answered the door.

"Good afternoon ma'am, my name's Alexis with America's best plumbers. I'm here to fix the sink. Um.., Actually, I hate to be so unprofessional right off the bat, but I was wondering if I could please use your bathroom before I get started?"

The woman gave her a puzzled look.

"what are you talking about? The sink is fine, its the toilet that's broken."

This came as a shock to Alexis.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I was told it was a sink. Give me a minute to figure out what's going on."

Alexis went back to her van where she called the Manager. It appears that an employee had written down the wrong appliance in the order ticket. He apologized and confirmed that it was indeed the toilet that needed to be fixed. Alexis groaned in frustration. Yet again, her precious relief was being denied. She crossed her legs and grabbed her pussy as she pondered her next move. The house was in a pretty secluded area. The nearest convenience store or gas station was a few miles away, and Alexis was too apprehensive to go pee in the woods. She concluded that the most logical answer is to continue holding her pee until she fixed the toilet, then use it. "All right, I can do this. Just fix the toilet and I'll finally be able to pee." She thought. She loosened her belt a little to help with the tension, then ran back to the front door.

"So sorry about that ma'am. I was just informed that there was a miscommunication in the office, but it's resolved now. If you could just show me where the toilet is and I'll get started right away."

"Wonderful. Right this way please. My name's Jamie by the way." She then led Alexis down a long hallway towards a wooden door where her bathroom was located.

Despite Jamie's outward calm demeanor, Alexis made a few interesting observations about her. She had her legs crossed the entire time they spoke at the door. In addition, she noticed a slight left and right swaying motion coming from her, and was surprised by how hastily she was walking to the bathroom. "There's no way.. right?" She thought. Her suspicions would soon be answered as they reached the bathroom.

"Here it is. I don't know what happened. My husband used it this morning, and when I went to use it this afternoon, there was a huge puddle of water by the base of the toilet. I called and you guys told me not to use it until a plumber took a look at it"

"I see.." Alexis replied. In all honesty, she didn't listen very well, as the sight of the toilet sent a tingling sensation throughout her body. She squeezed her legs together in order to stabilize herself.

"To be honest, I'm really glad you got here earlier than expected. I drank a considerable amount of orange juice this morning, so I've been dying to pee for the whole afternoon. I'd hate to come off as pushy or rude, but could you please hurry up and fix it as fast as possible? I really don't want to wet myself." It was here where Jamie ceased any attempt to conceal her desperation. She squeezed her crotch with her left hand, and her originally subtle bobbing/dancing around became more apparent.

"Oh don't worry ma'am, I'll definitely be sure to repair this as fast as I can."

"Oh thank you so much! I'll be out here if you need me."

@@After this, Jamie trotted away with her hand still on her crotch. Jamie's brazen attitude towards her desperation, signaled to Alexis that she too was having a pee emergency of her own, and that this situation could get ugly. "I'll cross that bridge when I get there. For now, my priority is fixing this toilet" She thought. Alexis got on her knees and leaned forward to examine the toilet base. Upon a quick inspection, she discovered that the issue was simply that the nuts that tighten the the toilet to it's flange became loose, causing the toilet to shift slightly, resulting in the leak. She was internally rejoicing at the fact that this would be a simple repair, when all of a sudden, a sharp piercing pain struck her bladder. She immediately slammed her left hand into her crotch to prevent any leakage. Here, Alexis came to a startling realization. Her bladder was going to turn what normally would be an effortless job, into a demanding one. However, Alexis wasn't one to give up that easily. She composed herself, grabbed the wrench from her utility belt, then bent over again and began tightening the bolts.

She lied down on her left side inside a tight gap between the toilet and tub and was forced to twist her body in order to be able to use her arm to tighten the nuts. In addition, the rusted nuts required extra exertion from Alexis in order to tighten them. This on top of her contorted body position, put immense pressure on her already aching bladder. Every crank of the wrench sent an intense punching sensation to her lower abdomen, like a battering ram was being vigorously thrusted against her brittle flood gates attempting to break them open. Alexis never imagined something as simple as tightening some nuts could be so painful. Despite this, she pushed on.

At last, only one nut remained. Alexis could finally see the light at the end of the tunnel as she began to tighten the nut. Just 1 more minute and she could finally release her reservoir of urine. She began to imagine the blissful relief that that awaited her, pulling down her jeans and emptying her pee into the toilet. However, in doing this she committed a fatal mistake. She relaxed.

@@Without warning, a huge wave of pee surged downwards slamming into her flood gates, nearly bursting them open. Alexis immediately sat up as both of her hands shot towards her vagina. " Ah.. No.. No.." she mumbled. Now, hunched over, practically curled up into a ball, she used her fingers to seal her pussy lips shut in a last ditch effort to stop the flood. By relaxing, the seal on her urethra had loosened up to the point where pee began to leak and dampen her panties. Was she ultimately going to wet herself despite everything she's done? Alexis used every last bit of strength she possessed to contain her pee. She tightened her legs, bit her lips, and even tried thinking about dry places. Her father had always taught her to never surrender in the face of a challenge, and she did just that. The pee receded, and the pressure subsided. She had regained control. Other than some moist panties, there was no noticeable damage. Now, with a new burning desire to not pee herself, Alexis took a deep breath, laid back down in her previous position this time keeping her right hand on her pussy for safety, and used her left hand to tighten the nut. With one last crank of the wrench, the nut fully tightened. Alexis stood up, flushed the toilet, and observed no water leaking out. The repair was complete.

A feeling of accomplishment and pride washed over Alexis. She'd successfully evaded an accident through her grit and determination, and would finally be able to enjoy the fruits of her labor. That is until, she remembered the second part to her predicament. Jamie also had to pee. Alexis was tormented at the thought of her precious relief being blocked yet again despite being near inches from the toilet. Although perhaps not the most morally correct choice, she knew what had to be done.

"I haven't heard her make any noise for a while. Perhaps she went outside. I'll just pee really quick before she gets back. Sorry Jamie, but I've already leaked into my Panties, and with the toilet right in front of me, I just can't say no."

In one swift motion, Alexis threw her utility belt on the ground then frantically undid the belt and zipper on her jeans. She turned around, and with her butt now facing the toilet, she placed her hands on the sides of her jeans, ready to yank them down and plop her butt onto the seat when she heard the ominous sound of footsteps approaching.

"Hey, I heard the toilet flush. Did you fix the issue?"

Alexis quickly zipped up her jeans and turned to face Jamie.

"Y..yeah. It shouldn't leak anymore."

"Oh thank god! Thank you, now if you could please exit the bathroom so I can do my business, I'd appreciate that."

Alexis had come too far to fail. She wasn't gonna give up without a fight.

"A..actually, I was wondering if you'd please let me go first. I've been busy all day, so I haven't had a chance to pee." Alexis grabbed her crotch while giving a pitiful look to Jamie to show her she was serious.

"O..Oh that's right, you did ask me for the bathroom earlier. W,,well I suppose you.. AH!" Suddenly, Jamie slammed both her hands onto her pussy and doubled over. Her eyes shut, and a pained expression formed on her face. "I.. I'm sorry but, I can't.."

"Please I'm begging you, I already leaked into my panties! I fixed the toilet, so can't you reward me and allow me to go first?" Alexis pleaded.

"Look, I'm sorry. I really am. But I'm also leaking here. Plus, this is my house, and my bathroom, so I think I should get Priority. Now please move."

Before Alexis could react, Jamie rushed in, grabbed her arm, and pulled her out of the bathroom. The flabbergasted Alexis couldn't even resist, as the sudden violent jerking motion forced her to also immediately double over and hold herself to prevent an accident. As she looked up, she saw the door slam in her face. "oh no.." Alexis whimpered. All she could do now is continue to wait until Jamie finished. Alexis could clearly hear everything Jamie was doing inside the Bathroom. She heard Jamie's frantic stomping as she unbuttoned her jeans, as well as an agitated sounding "oh my god.. c'mon.. don't..". She heard the clank of the toilet seat being thrown down, the rustling of clothes as Jamie hurriedly removed them, and finally, she heard the loud Thump of Jamie plopping her voluptuous bottom onto the seat.

What she heard next could only be described as someone shooting a firehose into the toilet. A deafening sound of pee being fired into the toilet resonated throughout the bathroom and hallway. "Ooohhhh my goood, finally!!" Jamie yelled, as she let out a loud moan of relief. Her aching Bladder could finally relax and safely empty all of it's contents.

@@Meanwhile, poor Alexis was still stuck outside the door doubled over, eyes closed, lips quivering, feeling helpless. She couldn't move or she'd risk wetting herself. To make matters worse, she couldn't cover her ears as removing her hands from her crotch would certainty lead to an accident. She had to stand there and endure the merciless and unique torture of listening to Jamie's thundering pee stream, while she herself was on the brink of wetting her jeans. Once again, she needed her will power and determination to save her. Unfortunately, Jamie's bladder was one to be reckon with. As her stream crossed the 1 minute mark, she was still going strong. "God damn! Did she drink the whole pitcher of orange juice or something!?" Alexis thought. Every second felt like an eternity for Alexis, as she could feel her seal getting weaker and weaker the longer she listened to Jamie peeing. At long last after another 40 seconds, Jamie's stream turned into a trickle, and then stopped. "Finally! and not a moment too soon" Alexis thought.

"Whew! My goodness, that was way too close of a call. I started peeing before my butt even hit the seat! I'll be out soon okay Alexis." Jamie said.

This is it, she was gonna make it. Even with all the ups, downs, and setbacks, Alexis had withstood it all. There was nothing else that could stop her from getting her butt on that toilet and achieving the relief she deserved. "Yes! I did it!" Alexis screamed internally. However, not learning from her prior blunder, she, once again, Relaxed..

@@Just as it had before, an enormous wave of pee rushed towards her urethra, this one more powerful then the last. Alexis, still hunched over, tightly crossed her legs and used her fingers to once again jam her pussy lips closed. "Ah.. oh no.. Please.." Alexis cried. However, the bigger sized wave, and the increased wear and tear on her seal from the strain of having to hold it for longer, were simply too much. "Oohh noooo.." She shrieked. The wave shattered her now fragile flood gates as pee exploded out of her bulging bladder. In a matter of seconds, her panties became inundated with piss, and a large wet patch formed on her Navy blue jeans. Her amber-colored pee glistened as it trickled down her legs soaking her jeans and boots. There was no point in resisting anymore, so Alexis just let it all out. She couldn't help but moan out "Ahhh, it feels sooo gooood.." as she finally alleviated the excruciating pressure that her poor bladder had endured all day. At this point, Alexis didn't care if anyone heard her moans or pee splashing onto the floor. She was in her own little heaven at the moment. Her eyes rolled back, and her knees fell to the floor as her legs began to feel like Jello from the orgasmic relief she was experiencing. She savored every second of it as the bulge in her bladder slowly shrunk.

"Sorry I took so long, The bathrooms all yo.. What the!?" Jamie exclaimed as she exited the bathroom while Alexis was still peeing. This snapped Alexis back to reality, as she rapidly realized the gravity of the situation she was in. She just wet herself in front of stranger in their own house. Relief turned into shock, then embarrassment as tears began to fill Alexis's eyes all the while the massive puddle underneath her continued to grow.

"I.. I'm so sorry. I just couldn't' hold it anymore. Please don't look.." Alexis began to cry as the humiliation set in. She'd never wet herself before, and yet even though she felt incredibly ashamed, she couldn't stop peeing.

Jamie's initial reaction of confusion and anger that someone was peeing all over her floor, quickly turned to sympathy after she saw how distraught Alexis was. After all, she fully understood Alexis's struggle having just lived through it as well.

"Oh dear. I guess you were more desperate than I thought. I feel kind of guilty now for being so selfish. I'm Sorry. But, don't you worry about a thing. Just finish peeing and then I'll help you clean up okay?"

@@Expecting to get a mouthful or angry outburst from Jamie, her calm and sympathetic reaction surprised Alexis. She thanked Jamie then continued flooding her jeans for another 40 seconds. All in all, she peed for a little over 2 minutes! Although extremely embarrassed, she felt much better. The clean-up was going to be difficult. Her jeans looked as if someone had thrown them into a pool, and the puddle of urine had spread about halfway down the hallway. However, Jamie offered to let Alexis use her washer and dryer to clean her Jeans while they worked together on mopping up the pee. Alexis thanked her as she peeled off her wet sticky jeans, put them in the washer, then changed into some shorts Jamie gave her. It took around 15 minutes for them to mop up all the pee, with Jamie even commenting "Wow, I'm impressed that a girl your size could pee this much. The mop bucket is almost half-full!" Alexis just Shyly laughed and agreed. While waiting for Alexis's clothes to finish drying, they decided to have a little chat, and discovered they had a lot more in common than they thought. 20 minutes seamlessly passed without them noticing, and Alexis's jeans were done drying. She put them on and headed to the door to leave.

"Again, I'm really sorry about all of this." Alexis said.

"Don't worry about it. When you gotta go, you gotta go. Ooh, I almost forgot. here." Jamie handed her a $50 bill.

"No, after what I just did, I couldn't possibly take that. I'll even waive the repair fee."

"Nonsense, here take it. After all, had you not shown up, I would've certainty wet my jeans as well. Consider it a gift. Plus, it was partially my fault you had an accident. It was fun talking to you and I hope we meet again someday."

Alexis ultimately accepted the money, wished her a good day, then went back to her van. What should've been a moment of degradation or outrage, instead turned into a rather wholesome moment of understating and friendship, and for that she was grateful. She vowed to always take a bathroom break whenever she reached her limit, no matter how busy she was, to ensure something like this never happens again. She began her journey home where she planned to shower, eat, then sleep for what's sure to be another hectic day tomorrow.

*002*2023-06-14 22:59

{{2 hours ago, Wildagram said:

Really awesome read man! I enjoyed it.

}}

Thanks. Appreciate it! Although normally translations are my specialty, I wanted to give writing a story a shot. I'm curious to see how many will like it.

*007*2023-06-15 14:20

{{5 hours ago, Ashlovesomo said:

SUPER hot!

This is some great writing, man!

}}

{{8 hours ago, Lameone24 said:

Amazing read, please write more.

}}

{{10 hours ago, SpaceWonderer said:

Great story, very successful first attempt.

}}

Thanks for all the support guys, It means a lot!

I'd also appreciate it if you could let me know what parts you enjoyed the most, and what parts (if any) could use some improvement, as well as how you would improve them. This is so I can improve my writing for any future stories I do, should I decide to write another one.

Same message goes for anyone else reading this comment.

*013*2023-06-19 02:02

{{On 6/15/2023 at 4:32 PM, TheDudeAbides said:

That was amazing! Are you planning to continue this story?

}}

Glad you liked it! I didn't think this would end up being so liked. At the moment, I have no plans to make a part 2 to this story, as I don't think it needs one. Although maybe in the future I might. I'm mainly planning to write a different story for now, that is, after I finish translating a couple of comics I'm working on.

