Long Taxi Ride

Author: Black_Engek

*000*2024-07-08 16:34

Hi! It’s my first omorashi story so I hope you like it! English is not my first language and I’m sorry for any mistakes. Enjoy!

###

A man sits in the back seat of a taxi. He's going to work. He sleepy and he's late for a meeting with his boss. He had to pee a lot. He forgot to pee in the morning.

He moans looking out the window. They have 20 minutes left. He tried to remain calm, his face reddened and his hands were pressed to his crotch. He had a few beers with his friends yesterday. He had a very weak bladder and it was strange that he didn’t wake up in the night to empty it. Suddenly, the taxi hit an obstacle on the road.

The impact seemed to cause the contents of the bladder to shift, causing even louder groans.

He muttered. When car hit the rock, the boy jammed and grabbed his penis. A few drops of urine flowed into his boxers.

- Oh my God! - he screamed, he looked very desperate. We are so close.. .. he groaned, begging the bladder to listen to him.

Within a minute he knew he was fighting a losing battle. A long, needy moan came out of his mouth as he held his crotch, his legs trembling.

- I can’t hold it any longer… - he sighed. The taxi was getting closer to the office every minute, but it seemed like too much time had passed. He was breathing hard, shaking all the time. He was moaning and moaning, struggling not to sneer.

- Can you hurry up? - he said to the taxi driver, but he could hear it too quietly.

Suddenly, as the taxi started to slow down, another drop of urine came out of his bladder.

The car stopped at a red light. The boy froze when he saw it. He was on the edge of endurance. He felt a stream coming out of his bladder. He grabbed his dick. It took a herculean effort to cut the chip off. His bladder was screaming at him, but he couldn't get wet. Not in a taxi not in front of taxi driver who is very handsome.

He started howling and moaning... he felt like he was about to explode. The pressure was too much. He had to pee... NOW!

Without warning, the taxi left. He screamed and grabbed his crotch as more urine escaped from his body. He wanted to do something other than peeing, but that only made it worse. He crossed his legs hard.

In the distance he saw the offices, and his eyes lit up. Just a little more and he'll be able to pee.

The taxi stopped. With trembling hands, he paid to the driver and jumped out of the car. He started walking towards the entrance. When he entered the building he had to stop several times to hold on. He prayed that the bathroom would not be occupied or idle. He saw the bathroom door and pulled the handle.

The door didn't move... someone was inside. He made a longing moan and knocked on the door.

- Can you hurry? I really need to pee!- he said in a trembling voice. He was breathing, he had to pee so much. He started dancing the sisiu dance. He couldn't stop himself. The 3-second urine flew out of his body, and he was barely able to stop it.

He started banging on the bathroom door!

- Please! Hurry up! I can’t hold it anymore! - screams. He really can't. He started whining. He didn’t care that people walking down the hall looked at him strangely. He had to pee!

The bathroom door opened and one of the secretaries came out. He pushed himself next to him and ran into the bathroom. At the sight of the toilet, urine flew into his urethra. He was shaking like a leaf. He won't make it! He began to run towards the bathroom, opening his mouth. Urine dripped from the tip of his penis. He went to the bathroom and relaxed his muscles.

- Oh, fuck... - He moaned in ecstasy. The relief was almost orgasmic. He breathed and sighed with relief.

He pees for about a minute before emptying his bladder. He had to lean against the wall to avoid falling over. He turned on the switch and washed his hand. As he walked out of the bathroom, he thought how close he was to wet himself…

