"I'm a big girl"

Author: Brittanybunny

*000*2017-04-21 15:20

(Hey guys another little roleplay text me and my lover did together, it got really hot)

It was another night, we had a long day and really just wanted to cuddle in bed. Tonight i wanted it to make it more interesting. I walked out with my regular white cotton panties on, his favorite kind on me. He always loves how they shape my ass. I come out with my panties on and see him in briefs. I sat on the bed close to him and blushed "I wanna be a big girl, big girls dont tinkle their panties".

He smiled and pulled me closer to kiss me and caressed my sides, telling me how sexy i looked in my little panties. We both began drinking glasses of water together, determined to hold it. We snuggled into bed, holdin hands, and i was wiggling into the bed (ya know when your bed is super cozy and you just wiggle and sink into it?). We pulled a blanket over our heads and began watching some gamer videos we loved. He held me in his arms tightly, enjoying how close i was to his side. I suddenly started to get a few urges to pee but ignored it as we laughed and kept drinking water.

As we drink more, we both start getting signals that tell us its time to pee, but we ignore it. I see him looking a bit different "You ok pumpkin?" I ask. He caresses my sides again and smiled "Of course sweetie, im just full, you doing ok?" I nodded "Yea im full too, but im enjoying your company, you are so warm and soft like a teddy bear!" I said as i nestled my face in his chest. He smiled and chuckled, loving how affectionate i am.

I pulled him closer to me and kissed his forehead, and began to scratch his back lightly to soothe him. We both relaxed until more urges came. We both began squirming, and i began to press my legs together. He noticed this and slowly began rubbing my leg. I couldnt help but moan and began to rub his as well. "You getting desperate baby?" He said with a wink. I giggled "Yea, but im a big girl, i can hold it" i said, he nodded and continued his motions saying he could do the same.

He slowly kept rubbing my legs, making me wet, and i could see him getting hard. Soon we both began rubbing each other as we were feeling or urges more and more to pee. I was throbbing and squirming around "Mmmmm i really gotta go potty babe, but im a big girl and big girls dont pee their panties". He smiled "I can hold like a big boy, but i wouldn't mind if you had an accident sweetie".

I squirmed at the mention of an accident, drops of pee were begging to escape into my panties. We began to hold each other close, trying not to oress on each others bladders. However that was futile as they did, we both felt a few drops leak out. My love began to rub his cock against me. We kiss and moan and I squirm even more. "Mmmm baby i really really gotta go potty, i should really go like a big girl". I said this but noticed he was still grinding and had a good grip around me as he held me, he wasnt letting go, he was in charge.

"I do too baby but...... i dont feel like getting up" he said. I couldnt stop squirming around, my need to pee was rising more and more. " im suppose to be a big girl in my panties, if i stay here ill have an accident and pee my panties, you wouldnt want that.. would you?" I said in the most innocent tone, knowing that is EXACTLY what he wanted me to do. "I.... wouldnt mind" he said trying to be coy as he rubbed my damp panties harder.

I moaned louder a bit and began shaking, ohhhhh i had to pee so bad! I was still rubbing his cock like crazy as he rubbed me and leaked again into my panties. "Ohhh baby if i dont move ill pee my panties like a bad little girl! What should i do?" I asked, trying to contain the flood. "Mmmm i love when you are a bad girl, i think we should stop trying to be good and be bad and let it all out together" he said seductively. I moan and hold his hand, my other hand pressed against my pussy trying to hold the flood. He started holding his cock through his briefs.

"Y..you want me to tinkle my panties and be a bad girl?" I asked as i leaked again. He nodded " I want you to wet your panties like a bad girl sweetie...i want to soak the bed with you..." he said seriously to me. The way he commanded me made me so horny and need to pee more that i didnt question it no longer. I knelt down and kissed his cock through his briefs to keep him hard then stood up a bit.

I began to hover over his crotch, showing off my cute panties to him and sat right on his lap, i could feel his cock throbbing against me and i wiggled my ass for him to be sexy. The feeling of him against me made me spread my legs wide, giving my love the greatest view. He moaned and rubbed his cock against me, leaking again in his briefs. "Ohhhh baby i love it, i can feel your cock pressed against my pussy and ass, i cant hold it in anymore, my bladder is begging me to let it all out into my panties....." i told him. " Mmmm do it baby, wet your panties like a naughty girl" he said as he leaked again.

"Mmmmm baby i wanna feel your cock explode in those briefs and on me like the bad boy you are.... how much of a naughty girl am i baby? I wanna know how bad you want me to pee my panties and be a bad girl, commanding me to pee cuz u know i want it, mmmmm babe" I said in the sexiest voice i could. He moaned and kissed me all over and began to grind against me. " Ohhh yesss you are my naughty girl, i love it when you are bad like this...i wanna feel your pussy burst warm pee everywhere right through your cute little panties..". We were both leaking every five minutes, grinding against each other.

He was a bit more dominant tonight and i loved it and played along. "Mmmm what do you want me to do baby? Tell me.... command me to do it, you are so sexy when you want me to pee this much" i begged him. He looked me in the eye and pulled me closer. "Pee for me baby, spread your legs and wet your panties like a bad little girl, i want you soaked!" He said as he kissed me passionately, about to loose control. I was sweating, squirming and grinding against his cock faster and faster, i was so horny and had to pee so bad. My man held me closer and closer and urged me and commanded me in my ear.

"Pee baby, pee"

Drip

"Mmmm pee baby, pee for me"

Drip drip

"Be my naughty little girl and pee!"

Drip drip drip, a new yellow wet spot forming on my panties " mmmmm baby i cant hold it i wanna pee! I wanna pee so bad! I cant hold it!" I said in a begging voice.

"I cant hold back either baby, spread your legs and pee, you know you want to, dont you?"

A spasm, a leak, i nodded and moaned "I do... i wanna spread them and pee like a bad girl"

"Then do it baby, pee for me!"

Psss

"Pee baby, C'mon"

Pssss

"Thats it baby, pee"

Pss pss

"pee pee pee"

"pee"

Pssssssss

"peeeee"

"PEE!"

"Its coming out! I cant hold it in any longer, its gonna come out!" I said with a gasp as pee gushes out into my panties, grinding on his cock as a loud hissing noise could be hear. A yellow wet spot slowly formed on my panties, bloomin from my pussy and soaking my panties faster and faster. "Mmmm baby i'm peeing my briefs" he said as he began to gush full force into his white briefs. We began grinding faster and faster, french kissing each other. He was peeing so forcefully it was hitting my clit, causing a warm sensation all over me.

"Mmmmm its spraying out from my pussy, im peeing, im peeing like a bad girl, i need to be put back in diapers i always wanna wet myself and be your bad little girl, i love you so much!" I tell him as i moan louder. " Mmmm i always wanna be your bad boy, i love you too baby" he said as he rubbed against me harder. A large hot puddle of pee formed under us as we went faster and faster.

"Am i a bad little girl baby?" I asked innocently. "Ohhhh yesssss you are my bad little girl forever baby" he said. He rubbed the tip of his cock harder into me through his soaked briefs, causing my body to tense up and shake. "Ohhhhh baby if you keep doing that im gonna cum!" He kissed me deeper, squeezing my tits and going faster " Ohhh me too baby i cant hold back around you". He grabbed my hand as we got faster, and faster, and faster. Suddenly we couldnt hold back no more and screamed each others names, cumming in our underwear. We panted and moaned and laid there, finally finished peeing, and fell asleep in our warm wet puddle with our soaked underwear on.

(Hope you guys enjoyed this! Let me know what you think)

