Story from a book at the library

Author: bibibibi

*000*2018-05-24 02:17

I recently checked out "Big Appetite: My Southern-Fried Search for the Meaning of Life" from my local library, and read this fabulous story.

Pee Rock

So, that was a glimpse into the old neighborhood and a look at the moms. Here's a glimpse into the first social club I joined and the early development of my social skills ...

In the spring of '58, Possum, Junior, and Chat were eight. Lexi and I were seven. Davy Crockett was all the rage. And general Mills knew it.

We begged our moms to buy boxes of wheaties - the big ones with the Davy Crockett special offer advertised on the front - and they did. As soon as Coco returned from the grocery store with the box, I ripped it open, stuck my hand in, and dug down to the bottom until I found a piece of paper. It turned out to be a coupon, which was a disappointment. But I dutifully sent it, along with a quarter, to someplace in Kentucky. The promise was that Davy Crockett's people would send me an official interest in the old Davy Crockett homestead and a certificate making me an official Crockett Ranger.

A few weeks later, a box arrived in the mail. In it was a tiny burlap bag that contained about a half cup of dirt. That was my interest in Davy Crockett's homesetad. And with the bag of dirt came a rolled-up certificate that was nice and official-looking. It named me, Sammy McLeod, a Crockett Ranger.

Bags of dirt and certificates in hand, Possum, Junior, Chat, Lexi, and I formed a club. We called ourselves the Crockett rangers of Nashville, Tennessee. And even though Lexi was technically a ggirl, she was one of us She was a club member just like the rest of us, mostly because she didn't cut little hearts out of pink construction paper, could throw as wellas any of us boys, and cared ont one whit for dolls or dollhouses.

Most of the time, we boys were oblivious to the fact that Lexi was a girl. We were gernerally aware the doctor had cut Lexi's wiener off when she was a baby to turn her into a girl, but none of us, including Lexi, cared much one way or the other. If she wasn't concerned about losing her wiener, why should we be?

We Crockett Rangers of Nashville, Tennessee, stored our club stuff in a cigar box. It was full of impotant club memorabilia, inclding our pop-battle-cap-collection, saved until we had enough bottle caps to get five tickets to the Saturday-matinee picture show at the Belle Meade Theater, where we'd see a Lone Ranger movie and eat Junior Mints. We kept our five bags of Davy Crockett homestead dirt in that box, too, along with our official Crockett Ranger certificates. We buried the cigar box uner a big rock just inside the entrance to the CAve.

From the Cave's entrance we had sweeping views of the entire valley. We could see neighborhood houses, farm equipment lumbering along the Big Road below us, and bedsheets rippling in the breeze on clotheslines in our backyards. Sunlight glinted off the surface of Moccasin Creek as it meandered its way under the canopy of ageless trees that lined its banks. And of course we could keep tabs on intruders.

Below the Cave was a big flat rock that stuck out of the side of the hill and hung just a few feet over the hillside below it - a small ledge. It was a good lookout rock and any other club would undoubtedly have called it Lookout Rock. But we called it Pee Rock.

Now, I can't ell you exactly how our peeing contests started. Innocently enough, I'm sure.

When nature called, we boys did wht boys in the woods are supposed to do: we unzipped our flies, pulled our little things out, and let fly wherever we happened to be. There was something unusually satisfying about peeing wherever we watned, without any moms around to call us down for it. There was a lot of freedom in it.

But as we all know, freedom carries with it certain burdens and responsibilities. We learned the hard way that we shouldn't throw our coats on the ground next ot where we wwere going to pee, because no matter how hard we tried, some pee always got on our coats, and even when our cats dried, we knew there were still pee germs. Your fellow Crockett Rangers would not let you in the cCave with pee germs on your coat.

Over time some club rules also came into being. For example, we agreed there would be no peeing uphill of the Cave entrance, because Possum had let loose from up there one afternoon and the wind had caught his yellow stream just right and his pee ahd blown right down onto the rest of us club members sitting there. And Chat had gotten some in his mouth, which caused him to fly into a rage, pin Possum to the ground, and force him to eat a leaf that had osme of Possum's pee on it. Possum's unthinking pee almost tore our little club apart.

Of course, Lexi was allwoed to pee anywhere she wanted, because peeing from a squat did not pose the same windblown risks. But even though she didn't have to follow the pee rules, she did anyway, saying that club members should all follow the same rules.

Well, as is true in any developing society, htese basic rules took on a life of their own until most of our afternoons at the Cave were spent arguing over rules and making up more of them. Eventually, the rules became so complex and unwieldy that we finally agreed: henceforth and forever more, all club members would pee from the Pee Rock, facing downhill, and into an area known as No-Man's-Land. It was a good rule.

Boys being boys, pretty soon wer ere engaged in daily contests to see who could pee the farthest downhill from that rock. We used a red-painted stick to markk the location of the longest pee, and the stick stood there until the spot was surpassed by an even greater Herculean peeing effort.

Lexi, a nonparticipant in our distance-peeing contests, was a good sport and volunteered to move the marker stick anytime a new record was set. By and by, she became our contest judge, standing downhill of the contestants on the edge of No-Man's-Land, observing pee distances, and placing the red-painted stick wherever she determined it should go. According to Lexi, her decisions were final.

Distance-peeing so captured our imaginations that we boys satated preparing for the competition long before it was to be held each afternoon. We gulped down water, Kool-Aid, and milk so that by the time we arrived at Pee Rock, we were chugged full of liquid. With overflowing bladders and knees knocking, we waddled onto Pee Rock while Lexi took up her spot. Then we unzipped and let fly - our distended bladders facilitating maximum pee distance.

While I cannot substantiate this claim, it is my considered opinion that, for at least the entire year 1958, we Crockett Rangers of Nashville, Tennessee, were the most accomplished urinators on the planet.

One day we arrived at the Cave, and before we could take up our positions on Pee Rock, Lexi announced that she wouldn't be judging; she planned to compete.

You can imageint eh looks and our amazement. We boys knew that wihtout a wiener, there was no way she could participate, much less win. Chat laughed out loud. But before we could say anything, Lexi pulled off her underwear under her skirt (yes, she normally wore blue jeans but sometimes showed up in a skirt) and proceeded to climb the old sycamore tree that hung out over Pee Rock.

She climbed as tlesat twenty feet before she stopped. She turned to face downhill with her back against the tree. She put one foot on a branch that shot off to the left and her other foot on a branch that shot off to the right, and squatted down, straddling the gap between tohse branches. Hiking up her skirt, she licked her finger and held it up in the air, waiting for a strong following wind. When the wind came up, Lexi let fly a stream of pee the likes of which you've nevver seen. It splattered well beyond the previous record held by one of us boys. It was a peeing effort for the ages.

And then, lickety-split, Lexi flew out of that tree and ran downhill to find the farthest point of pee moisture. She made a mark on the ground with the heel of her tennis shoe and then scampered partway back uphill to grab the rd marker, which she carried back downhill and stuck in the ground at the site of her new record.

We boys stood by the Cave entrance gawking as Lexi came strutting back uphill. She stood there in front of us with her balled-up fists on her hips and a faint smile on her lips. We could all tell a storm of protest was about to erupt, about breaking the rules and so on and so forth. You could just feel i in the air.

But surprisingly, not one of us boys said a word. Even at that age, we admired creativity and determination. And Lexi had just exhibited a heap of both. We just nodded our heads and smiled. Lexi nodded and smiled back.

And then we went on to other important club business.

Now, that would be a pretty good place to end this tale, with a little moral about women competing in a man's world, or the integration of men's clubs and breaking into the old boys' network, or how much more intelligent and creative women are than men when they put their minds to it. And all the female readers of this story could nod their heads in agreement and smile at the wisdom. But here's how it really ended: Next day when we boys arrived at the Cave, Lexi was there ahead of us. She'd moved the official marker back uphill to its previous world-record spot, a record set by one of us boys.

She said she'd thought about it overnight and realized there could be some argument about the legitimacy of her record. She wasn't too worried about that, she said, because she was the official judge and her decisions were final. But what did concern her was the simple fact that none of us boys would ever develop the bladder strength necessary to beat her record. which meant her record would put an end to our contests, an era in our club's history would pass and the championship peeing tradition we'd developed would die a sudden death. She didn't want her record to end our game, so she was withdrawing it and going back to being judge, because we were a club and tradition was important. That game was a part of what we Crockett Rangers were all about.

*003*2018-05-24 08:57

{{1 hour ago, Anubis said:

I would have loved having friends that I could do that kind of stuff with when I was a kid. Amazing story.

}}

Did you get to do it with a girl?

