Mary’s shopping accident

Author: bobwells55

*000*2019-11-25 19:46

Meradith was a 27 year old mother of 2. She was recently divorced, as she married the father of her children thinking she had to, not because she loved him. Now she was out of that relationship, with her two daughters and the happiest she had been in a long time, living with her boyfriend, a guy who she had been friends with back in high school. For the first time she could remember, she was in a happy relationship. She was still a beautiful woman. Short, at about 5’3 with sandy blonde hair and nice features. A big butt that caught the attention of men everywhere, and breast that had grown to 36 D’s since her first daughter at 25. She kept her vag fully shaved at all times, as she hated the feeling of hair down there and she knew how much her man loved it.

Today was a Saturday, and Mary needed to run into town to get some baby clothes for her friend Chelsey’s baby shower that afternoon. She got up and got dressed in a black shirt with a v neck that showed her impressive cleavage. Then she put on her comfy pink thong she had gotten on vacation that said “aloha” on the front and out on a pair of tight blue jeans. She had already drank one cup off coffee. She poured herself a second and then leaned into the bathroom where her boyfriend was showering

“I’m running in to town to the department store” Mary informed “I’m taking Riley and Anna with me”

“I should probably pee before I leave.” She thought briefly “but the bathroom is occupied. I’ll be ok”

Mary grabbed a bottle of cranberry juice out of the fridge, as her mouth was dry from the nearly entire pot of coffee she was in the process of finishing. She strapped her daughters in the their car seats and headed into town.

About halfway through the 15 minute drive, she had finished her coffee. Immediately she could feel her bladder filling, as Mary’s need to pee intensified. It was noticeable, but nothing she couldn’t handle.mary arrived at the department store and headed to the baby clothes section with her daughters by her side. As she browsed for the best gift for Chelsey, her need to piss became worse and worse. The pot of coffee and the bottle of cranberry juice had reached her bladder, and needed to escape and soon

“Riley! Stay over here by mommy” she said to her curious wondering daughter. While doing so, she was continuously crossing and uncrossing her legs. Even resorting to shoving her hand into her crotch.

“What’s wrong mommy?” Her 2 year old daughter asked “why are you dancing”

“Momma just needs to use the potty baby” Mary responded with a smile. Finally, rushing her decision a bit, Mary found some baby clothes for her old college roommate, and now she needed to find a bathroom, and quick.

“Come on Riley, this way.” Mary instructed. She held Riley’s hand with one hand and pushed Anna’s stroller with the other, as she power walked towards the restroom. As she reached her destination, she stopped as she noticed a troubling realization. A few plumbers were occupying the woman’s room.

“Umm excuse me” Mary said politely “I need to use the bathroom.”

“I’m sorry ma’am, but the main pipe has busted. Both bathrooms are out of commission for about the next hour”

“Oh fuck” Mary thought. She was at the point of emergency now. She raced to the front of the store. She needed to get home as quick as possible or she’d have a very public, very embarrassing accident. Mary was 3rd in line at the only open register.

“Come on please hurry” she whispered to herself as she danced in place, trying to force her screaming bladder to hold on longer. Finally, she was up. Mary unloaded her cart with one hand firmly pressed into her crotch.

“Aww cute kids!” The cashier complimented. “How old are they?”

In the back of her mind, Mary wanted to scream “JUST CHECK ME OUT SO I CAN GET OUT OF HERE BEFORE I PISS ALL OVER YOUR FLOOR!!” But she believed in being polite. Especially in front of her young daughters.

“This is Riley, she is 2 and a half. Say hi to the nice lady. And this is Anna, shes 10 months” Mary informed with a forced smile

“Well they are very cute. Your total is 52.43”

Mary got her wallet out of her purse. The seconds felt like hours as she waited for the machine to read her card. Finally, the process was over and Mary races to her car. She strapped Riley in to her car seat again. Then quickly strapped her youngest. As she folded up the stroller to slide into the back of her white SUV, she felt a little leak. “Oh no” she said as her pretty blue eyes widened. “I have to get home fast”

Mary got in and buckled up. She put peddle to the meddle. Every minute that passed, her need to piss got worse and worse and worse. About halfway, at a red light, she felt another spurt shoot out of her pretty shaved pussy and into her thong. This time, a little circle about the size of a quarter was visible on the bottom of her crotch. “Shit shit shit” she said, as she squeezed as hard as she could. Finally it turned green, and Mary hit the gas. Right before she got to the street to enter her neighborhood, another red light, and another leak, this time even longer. Her wet spot grew, it was now probably noticeable to anyone who would see.

“Oh my god, oh my god. I’m not gonna make it” Mary realized as she gripped the steering wheel. As the light turned green, Mary zoomed home. She pulled in her driveway. She had, for the most part, made it that far. But she couldn’t leave her kids unattended in the car, that was something she refused to do. As Mary hopped out of her car, another leak. Then another and another. Finally as she unbuckled Riley’s car seat, the inevitable happened.

“Oh fuck. It’s too late” Mary said. Finally, the gates had opened, and there was no stopping it. Mary felt her little pink thong overflow almost immediately, as her long held piss ran down her legs and out the bottom of her jeans, soaking her shoes and socks. Her jeans got darker and darker as her piss saturated all around her legs, half way up her ass, and all over her crotch. She stood there frozen for about a minute and a half as her bladder finished emptying. Mary looked down at the large puddle that had pooled beneath her feet. She stood there with a look on her face of both embarrassment and relief as the last of her pee slowed to a trickle out of her worn out bladder. Her younger daughter noticed something wrong

“Are you ok mommy?” She sweetly asked

“Yes baby mommas ok. She just had a little accident is all”

“You went pee pee in your pants”

“Yes sweetie. See even mommy’s have accidents sometimes”

“It’s ok mommy, I’ll give you one of my diapeys”

Even in her current state, Mary couldn’t help but smile at the sweet offer

Mary turned to her boyfriend who had came outside to see what was taking so long

“Uh oh” he said “could hold it?” He asked, holding back a smile

“The damn bathroom at the store was under repair. I got to the driveway then the floodgates opened.” She explained. “Will you get the kids? I have to go change”

Mary waddled inside, legs spread as she walked with pee still dripping off her pant legs. She arrived at the washer and took off her soaking wet pants and underwear, exposing her beautiful ass and bald pussy. As he boyfriend walked past, he gave her a little tap on the butt

“Don’t worry” he said “it’s not the first time you’ve done this”

Mary smiled, as she walked upstairs to shower

