Shannon made a mess in the car

Author: Bomber27

*000*2025-07-13 22:06

Warning: includes messing and humiliation

[Main subject Shannon is a 34 year old white woman with blonde hair, a little on the thick side with shapely hips and butt.]

I went with my coworkers/friends Shannon and Joe to a pro baseball game together one time. Shannon had some tall boy beers at the game and also pizza and nachos with cheese. This all came back to haunt her later.

As we were driving home, Shannon was jovial and fun and enjoying listening to the throwback music we had on and singing along. Though eventually, she gradually stopped singing and then got pretty quiet. I kept glancing in the mirror at her in the back seat and she was staring out her window and chewing her finger nails. Then she started shifting and squirming around in her seat a lot. I was a little worried she might have been getting car sick and could possibly throw up, so I asked if she was OK.

"Actually...I really need to go to the bathroom" she answered bashfully.

I said, "OK, are you good until we get off the highway out of the traffic and we'll find a place?"

She said "OK", but didn't sound too sure.

A few minutes went by, and she said "its kind of an emergency soooo the fastest possible place we can stop."

I said I'd do my best and I started getting over to exit. I kept an eye on her in the back seat and she was still sort of wiggling around a lot and was leaning to one side a little. She looked really uncomfortable by her facial expression and wouldn't stop biting her nails. I was thinking that her bladder must have been bursting and she was on the verge of wetting her pants, so I was scrambling my brain to think if I had a towel or bag or something that I could suggest she sit on...but I didn't want to embarrass her with the suggestion.

We took the next exit, and I pulled up to the light waiting to turn left towards some stores and restaurants that were about a mile away from the interchange. As we were sitting at the light, I heard Shannon groan and mumble "no no no" to herself. That's when i was quite surprised to hear her fart a few times right in a row, and the latter few sounded muffled and bubbly. I was stunned and thinking "is she...?" And then it was confirmed. Something began to really stink badly in the car, and then with a shaky, breaking voice, Shannon confessed "ok...I just went in my pants. I'm so sorry..."

I absolutely could not believe she really pooped her pants. The smell was absolutely brutal in the car and i could just see her in the back sitting up off the seat, holding herself up by her hands and bracing her back against the seat back, so she wasnt sitting in her mess. We had to roll all the windows down and Joe was leaning his head out the window and was intermittently coughing and gagging. I coughed a little bit but then started breathing through my mouth subtly and doing my best not to breath in through my nose. I could see that her face and ears were bright red.

I asked her "what do you need to do, do you still want to stop or do you just need to get home asap?"

She said "please take me somewhere with a bathroom."

I carried on driving towards the shopping area, and that's when i could see her face scrunch up and she quietly started crying. I felt terrible for her so I said "hey Shannon its ok...its totally ok. Don't worry. Anyone can have an accident, its no big deal."

She scoffed and said "yeah..." then sniffled hard a few times. She continued to cry while looking out her window. She added sheepishly, "I'm just really embarrassed... I'm really sorry."

I again reiterated that it was ok and she had no need to apologize for having an accident, but I know she was most embarrassed by the smell we had to endure. I was thinking that she definitely got a case of the bubble guts that came on hard and fast and it was just one of those urges that needed to be dealt with immediately, and I understood why she couldn't hold it in long enough to make it to the bathroom. I wondered if she may be lactose intolerant and it was the nacho cheese and pizza that did her in. I'm sure the beers didn't help.

By the time we got to a place to pull over for a bathroom, she stopped crying but was still sniffling a little and her face was red and puffy. We stopped at a Target, and she slowly and gingerly climbed out of the car. She stood there a moment and then turned and asked me "hey...do you think you could come in with me and get me new leggings while I go in the bathroom..? I need to change my pants..."

I of course agreed to help her any way I could, and she handed me her debit card to pay for them. I got out and she started walking carefully, and then she stopped again and she said "um..walk in front of me." I guess she was worried about me seeing her accident. I said to her "well...if you would rather, i can walk behind and give you cover so no one can see what happened." She thought it over a second and said "...just dont look, ok?" I nodded in agreement...

Of course, once I was behind her I obviously looked down at her butt. She was in black leggings with a visible panty line, and right in the middle of her butt at the top of her thighs was a smooth saggy bulge the size of a baked potato, and there was a wet brown stain seeping through the fabric. But there was also a bonus, second surprise...the entire seat of her pants was sopping wet, so it seemed she also peed herself.

Once we got inside, which took a while with her delicate waddle, I kept giving her cover until she got all the way into the "family" bathroom which has more privacy, and she asked me to just get her another pair of black leggings. I asked if she needed a change of underwear too, and she looked down blushing again and said "that's ok, the leggings will be fine to get me home." I was a little disappointed about not being able to pick a pair of undies for her, but nevertheless I commenced with getting the leggings.

She spent about 20 minutes in the bathroom cleaning herself up. I waited outside of it after getting them so I could give them to her when she was ready. I kept hearing the sink turning on and off several times, as well as the toilet flushing every couple minutes. Finally, I felt my phone buzz and saw she texted me asking if I was close to the bathroom. I said "yeah I'm coming to the door". A minute later she slowly cracked open the door and reached her hand out, and I gave her the bag with her change of pants.

Once she was finally done, she came out of the bathroom and had her poopy wet undies and leggings balled up in the shopping bag. I was surprised she didn't just throw them away in the bathroom but maybe she didn't want someone to find them. She seemed a lot calmer now that she was all cleaned up, and she said "ok...let's go."

As we walked back to the car she said "thank you for your help..and Im so sorry again, this is so embarrassing." I just told her once more not to worry about it, it happened and now it was over and dealt with. She sheepishly thanked me again, and we reached the car. She was understandably quiet for the rest of the ride, and when we got to her apartment I told her to feel better and told her again to not worry and that she could laugh about it someday. She smiled a little and said "...maybe. bye, thanks for taking me to the game!" 

She headed off into her place, and I just turned to Joe and we both looked at each other and said "wow.." and he just shook his head and said "women aren't supposed to do that." I rolled my eyes and laughed at him, and told him not to tell a soul about it. He swore he wouldn't...but Joe is a notorious gossip at work.So of course he told people, and at work on Monday I had a couple people approach me and discretely ask "did Shannon really shit herself in your car???" I just told them to take everything Joe says with a grain of salt, and left it at that. But even so, the story spread around work like wildfire, and that's how everyone found out the Shannon pooped in her pants at 34 years old.

*002*2025-07-17 02:44

&&

