Dear Diary - A Story of Discovery

Author: Bulge_Lover

*000*2017-05-26 18:09

Thursday, February 16th, 2017

Dear Diary!

Something really strange happened to me today. Let me start from the beginning... This morning, I was at school just waiting for football practice like usual. The only decent thing about the bloody place. I drank a bottle of Gatorade at lunch like I always do before practice, but today they were serving my favorite sort of tea and I drank four cups of it. Of course I needed a wee when practice began an hour later, but we were already out of the locker rooms and it wasn't too bad, so I just played.

When practice ended, I was bursting. The other girls always need to go afterwards as well, so there was a bit of a rush for the locker room. I needed to wee so badly that I couldn't run properly, and by the time I got inside, Jen and Tessa were already on the toilets. I undressed while I waited for them to clear out, but then Rachel turned on one of the showers...

I just couldn't hold it with the shower going. The pressure was unbelievable. I've been desperate to go before, but this was something new. The other girls were busy with their own stuff and I bolted out of the room. It was the girl's time in the gym so I knew the boy's locker room would be empty, and I didn't really have any choice. I went in there and made for the toilets, but...

I don't know why I'm so embarrassed just writing to myself, but I actually started leaking before I even got half way across the room. I panicked and pulled my shorts down and just weed on the floor... The relief was so intense, and this is where it gets really weird... I actually had an orgasm right there. At least, I think that's what it was...I've never had one before, but it was just so intense and amazing. I couldn't even keep my footing. At least I was smart enough to fall backwards so I didn't roll into my wee. I kept going hard for such a long time and it felt so good...

When I finally finished, I stood up and turned on all the showers for a minute to wash all my pee away. Luckily the wet spot on my shorts was small, so nobody could see as long as I kept my legs together. After I turned off the showers, I walked back to the girl's lockers. Everyone questioned where I went so I made up a fib about needing a drink from the water fountain in the hall. I'm really lucky that nobody saw me. I still can't believe that I had my first orgasm just from peeing. It honestly felt better than anything I've ever experienced before. I feel like I should maybe investigate this further.

*****

Tuesday, February 22nd, 2017.

Dear Diary~

It happened again today. I was hanging out at the mall with Kelly and Amy and we decided to go see a movie. We watched Lego Batman first, but then we decided to see John Wick 2 as well. Through the movies each of us drank two large sodas. By the time the second movie ended, we were all dying to wee. It was late at night and the theater had locked up tightly, including the toilets. We went outside and headed to the car, but Kelly and Amy couldn't hold it. They both just peed in the parking lot, but I figured I could make it home. I was frantic the whole ride, trying not to wet myself in Kelly's car. However, when I was holding myself, I got SO TURNED ON it was insane. The feeling of my hands against my vagina while I was so desperate almost made me get off in my seat. For some reason, having a really full bladder seems to make me incredibly sensitive down there. It hurts...but not in a bad way. Just awesome pressure that enhances every feeling tenfold.

Anyway, we made it to Amy's house and I was still dry. Well...DRY isn't the right word for it. I hadn't let any wee out yet, but I was so turned on that my knickers were soaked. I could hardly walk so Amy helped me into her house so I could wee. I barely made it into her loo before I started wetting my leggings. I sat on the toilet but I left a huge puddle on the floor first. As I relieved myself, I had another orgasm! It just felt like my vagina exploded with pleasure, I could feel it all through my legs and belly, it's so amazing! I always knew it would feel good, but it's so much better than I ever imagined.

I cleaned up my puddle and Amy wasn't upset. She gave me a pair of her own leggings so Kelly wouldn't know what happened when she drove me home. After I got back into my bedroom, I started playing with myself, this time remembering the sight of Kelly and Amy, with their skirts pulled up, emptying their full bladders on the concrete. Even though I no longer needed to go, the vision of them in my head was enough, and I had my third orgasm ever.

At this point, I knew that I needed to fully explore this. I wanted to see just how desperate I could become, and I wanted to feel even stronger sensations than I already did.

*****

Sunday, February 26th, 2017.

Dear Diary~

Today was indescribable. And yet, I'm going to describe it to you. Because you're a diary, and that's what you're bloody for, innit?

My parents left for church at like eight in the morning, and then they were going to meet friends for golf, so I had the house to myself the entire day. I knew what I was gonna do as soon as I woke up. I dressed in my pajama top and pink knickers and headed downstairs and filled like ten big glasses of water, then set them up on my desk. I started watching Steven Universe and drank a glass during every episode. I already had to wee after six episodes, and I was squirming after eight. I was too distracted to pay attention at that point, so I grabbed all the empty glasses and brought them to the sink.

Obviously I had to hide the evidence, so I rinsed the glasses, dried them, and put them back in the cupboard. Running the sink was torture, I had to twist my legs up so hard to stop myself from weeing right there. Once that was done, I grabbed my two remaining glasses and went up to my room. Climbing the stairs was painful, but I made it up dry. I couldn't believe how badly I needed to go already, but I couldn't yet. I really wanted to see how far I could take it. I drank another glass of water and laid back on my bed. I felt so full and desperate, and when I poked my belly where all the pressure was, it felt SO GOOD but hurt so bad at the same time. It's such an insane sensation, and it's ssoooo intense.

My vagina was so sensitive that every time I moved my legs, just my knickers brushing it sent shivers up my spine. I started playing with myself, but something started nagging at my mind. “I wonder how much wee is in there,” I thought. I wanted to measure it. I hobbled downstairs and opened the cupboard again, grabbing our measuring cup. It only went up to 250 millilitres, and I knew it wouldn't be enough. I didn't want to risk pouring it out and filling it again, because I didn't think I'd be able to stop weeing once I started. Now that I'm not desperate and out-of-my-mind randy, the obvious answer would be to just wee in a big pan and then pour it into the measuring cup as many times as I needed to.

However, desperate me decided the better idea would be to walk to the shop a half kilometer down the street and buy a bigger measuring jug. I went back upstairs and put on a proper blouse, and I decided to wear a long skirt so it wouldn't show if I couldn't hold it the whole way home. In fear of wetting myself while I was in the store, I pulled down my panties and put in a maxi pad. It wouldn't stop a real accident, but it would save me from a few leaks.

As if I wasn't being crazy enough, I drank the last glass of water. I did the math, I drank two and a half litres of water before I left the house. That's so much! I looked online and read that the average human bladder capacity is like five hundred millilitres. I almost stopped there, certain that I would wet myself if I tried to do this, but I guess desperate me has way more courage (or insanity) than normal me.

So I stepped outside with an absolutely bursting bladder and started walking towards the store. The maxi pad was rubbing against my vagina with every step I took. Obviously I've worn pads before, but I never felt them like this! Being so desperate had my nerve endings on fire. I could feel my blouse rubbing my nipples. I had to fight really hard not to have another orgasm. I knew if I did I would fall over and wet myself. I kept thinking of all sorts of horrible things to calm myself down.

When I was about half way to the store, I leaked for the first time. There were people around and it took all I had not to yelp and hold myself. I kept walking steady and managed to regain control. I placed a hand on my belly as I walked, oh god it felt so hard and full. I didn't even push on it, but just touching it sent a huge pulse all around my body. I felt so hot and flushed too, I was absolutely coated in sweat and my chest was on fire, my heart beating so fast. I don't know if it was from the effort of holding it or if it was just because I was so turned on, but it felt like I was standing on the sun. I finally got to the store and made a beeline for the baking isle. I found what I needed easily enough, a huge jug that I think is supposed to be used for storing flour or something like that. It has lines up to two litres and it only cost three pounds.

I went for the register as fast as I could without bursting on the shop's floor. Thankfully there was only one person in the queue before me. She left quickly enough, and I placed my jug on the belt. The cashier rung it up – And that's when I realized that I FORGOT MY BLOODY PURSE AT HOME! I was so frantic that I completely forgot the need to, you know, PAY FOR GOODS.

I just stood there stammering. I wasn't holding myself or crossing my legs, but I was nearly bent double and I know that I was bouncing involuntarily. Anyone with half a brain would know that I was dying to wee. I was burning with embarrassment and I was about to just sprint away in shame, probably wetting myself in the process. However, a guy who was in the queue behind me caught on that I forgot my money, and he immediately offered to pay. In any other state of mind I would have declined, but I just nodded shamefully and thanked him. As I grabbed my jug, he told me: “Good luck.”

It was a weird thing to say. Good luck with what? Good luck getting home without wetting myself? Good luck with whatever I needed the jug for? Did he know that I intended to wee in the jug? Good luck aiming properly with girl parts, then? It's really hard to imagine that he DIDN'T know that I was on the verge of an accident. There was just no hiding it anymore.

I hobbled out of the shop and started the half kilometer walk home. As soon as I cleared the shop's lot, I started leaking again. I had to stop this time or I really would have lost control. I weed for like three seconds, the pad felt so full, I was really afraid of overflowing it. There was nobody around, and I took a big chance. I slid my left hand through the waistband of my skirt and down the front of my knickers and held myself tightly. It was so wet and slippery, and the feel of my fingers against my vagina almost forced me into another orgasm. Trying not to get off was almost harder than trying not to wee. In fact, I'd say that it actually was harder. At least I had some control over my bladder, but I knew once I hit a tipping point, I wouldn't be able to stop myself from cumming.

I forced myself to pull my hand out and keep walking. I leaked every few steps for almost the whole trip. They weren't huge spurts like the first time, just tiny drips, pushed out because my bladder had to be at its absolute maximum capacity. I was maybe a hundred meters from my house when I felt the first little stream slide down my thigh. The pad had reached its limit. By the time I entered the driveway, my knickers and both my thighs were very damp, but it was nothing compared to the bucket of wee still inside of me. I got inside and tore off my blouse and skirt. I swear, I looked pregnant, there was just so much wee in there.

I twisted open the jug and immediately squeezed it between my thighs, but there was still a part of me that wanted to keep holding it in. I wanted to feel it, I wanted to feel my absolute limit. There was also a much larger part of me that NEEDED to cum before I let all my wee out. Despite the unfathomable pressure and pain I was feeling, I removed the jug and made for the stairs to my room. I had to climb them on all fours, the effort of lifting my weight with my legs alone wouldn't allow me to keep holding. It took almost five minutes just to get upstairs. I somehow made it into my room, and I reached into my knickers and tore the pad out. I tossed it into the rubbish and leaned back into my bed, my legs hanging off the side.

I was safe now, away from the public eye. I reached between my legs, and within half a second of touching myself through my knickers, I had an explosive orgasm that blew my last one out of the water. I lost all control of my limbs, my legs shaking violently and my chest heaving. If it wasn't for the contractions in my privates, I would have weed on the carpet. As soon as I regained the slightest bit of control over my body, slid off the bed into a kneel and shoved the open jug between my legs again. And I held it in, I kept holding it for as long as I bloody could. Ten minutes passed, and I was almost screaming from the effort of holding it, biting into my bra strap to suppress the sound. I had another orgasm right then, and I managed to turn around and lean against my bed so I wouldn't collapse. And then it happened again.

The way my body was feeling, it was completely unreal. I never could have imagined that pleasure like that could possibly exist. I didn't even feel human, I felt BETTER than human. I was unaware of my actual body, I was just a cluster of nerves firing on all cylinders as I came again and again without even touching myself. Even though my vision was blurred, I could see on my bedside clock that I had held it in for FORTY MINUTES after I got home. My bladder was screaming, all my senses completely consumed by my need to wee. I reached fifty one minutes before it finally happened.

I honestly didn't even notice at first. The sensations consuming my body were so strong that I couldn't feel myself weeing. I heard it first, the splattering under me. I rubbed tears of pleasure out of my eyes on my blanket and looked down, and I couldn't believe the torrent that was flowing through my knickers. It was seriously like a waterfall. I pressed myself really hard against the opening of the jug so none of it would leak out past my butt. I didn't want to pull my knickers aside because I might lose my grip on the jug if I let go of it with one hand. Eventually, the feeling came back between my legs, and I could feel the warmth of my wee flooding through my knickers. The relief was...it was just out of this world. I was too spent to cum again, but finally emptying my bladder legitimately felt better.

I now wish that I'd turned on the stopwatch on my mobile. I wasn't even paying attention to my bedside clock anymore. There's no way to tell, but I seriously think I peed for over two minutes. It just went on for so long. Eventually though, it came to a stop. I couldn't even move for a few minutes after. I was just so exhausted. It took maybe ten minutes before I could slide off of the jug. I sat down in the carpet, my soaked knickers leaving a stain that luckily dried by now...

I looked at the jug through hazy eyes, trying to make out the measurements. One thousand, two hundred and fifty millilitres, it said. At the moment, I couldn't believe it. I had more than DOUBLED the 'average' capacity that I'd read about. I was ecstatic. However, I now find myself disappointed. After I recovered, I went online and started searching for other people who might share the same love of holding it that I do. There's actually a huge community out there, thousands of videos, pictures, and stories. There's so much about my sexuality that I never knew. It's so overwhelming. So far I've seen videos of women weeing more than one and a half litres, there was even one that did TWO WHOLE LITRES! I might be far above average, but there's so much room for improvement.

I will make it, though. I'm gonna become a better holder than any of them.

*008*2017-05-29 18:59

{{1 hour ago, randomkath said:

So, any plans to continue this? I'm particular interested in tough, self-imposed bladder training regimens, and detail accounts of desperation-fueled solo sessions.

No sure how much time your magnum opus leaves you....

}}

Sorry but no, this is just a quick standalone story I came up with and typed in like an hour. Focus is still on Dungeon.

*010*2017-06-25 02:46

{{On 5/29/2017 at 3:10 PM, randomkath said:

Awww, bummer.

Then again, Dungeon is awesome, so I'm sure as hell not going to complain.

}}

I suppose it's POSSIBLE that I'll add more to this. It won't be for actual ages though. It does have potential, I likely won't forget about it completely.

