Brigitte and D.va's Day Out

Author: Blindfight

*000*2021-11-26 11:21

Here's a bit of Overwatch omorashi fanfic for everyone!

"Thanks for coming to help me out, Brigitte!" D.va cheered as she embraced her friend.

"Oh, no problem! It's not everyday that the legendary D.va asks you for help. And co-piloting a tandem prototype mech-- count me in!" Brigitte beamed. "Plus, I look great in this outfit you got for me." D.va was wearing her usual purple and black one-piece jumpsuit and had provided a matching one in yellow for Brigitte.

"L O L, heh heh. It's gonna be epic. And you can call me Hana. Don't need to be so formal."

"Oh, okay! So how do we get started, Hana?" Brigitte asked as she inspected the mech they'd be testing out. It was larger than the one she'd always seen D.va flying around in, but it wasn't quite twice the size as she had expected. "Looks a little cramped," Brigitte observed as she noted the small cockpit.

"It'll be a tight fit, but we'll manage," D.va assured her. "You climb in first and I'll head in after you.

"Can do!" Brigitte replied as she seated herself in position. "I guess hop on in and get comfortable," she laughed. D.va seated herself shortly after, though not without some struggle. "Wow, you're basically sitting on my lap," Brigitte remarked.

"It's cozy," D.va giggled. "Get ready, we're about to be go for launch."

"I was born ready, I'm pumped! I've never flown a mech before but if I already understand engineering it should be a cinch, right?"

"I like that positive attitude. There's a bit more to it than just pressing buttons though," D.va replied.

"It'll be fine. I mean, how hard could it be?"

(1 hour later)

*Error* *Error*

*Power reserves depleted*

*Proceeding to standby mode*

"You just had to say it'd be easy, didn't you?" D.va sighed.

"Hey, I'm not the one who started throwing all the experimental switches," Brigitte responded.

"That's the point of testing them out!"

"You accidentally locked us in though! And now we don't even have enough energy to get back. We're going to be out here for days!" Brigitte took a moment to collect her breath and her thoughts. "It's okay. It's fine. We'll just stay calm and figure this out together."

"You know what, you're right. No reason to get tilted. We'll put our heads together on this one," D.va said as she shifted in her seat to adjust some of the mech's settings. D.va's movement pressed against Brigitte in a way that she wasn't expecting and Brigitte noticed pressure mounting inside her.

"Oh. Oh no, don't do that," Brigitte warned.

"What? I'm trying to solve our problem."

"We'll, I'm afraid we might have a new one," Brigitte blushed. "You just pressed down on my bladder and I just realized I've really got to pee soon."

"Oh no, not in here- this thing is brand new!" D.va responded.

"I know, I'm going to do my best to hold it but who knows how long we'll be stuck? I knew I shouldn't have had that extra cup of coffee this morning. And you know... if we're in here too long you might run into the same problem," Brigitte added. She squirmed a bit to try to alleviate some of the pressure but still found herself uncomfortable. D.va being on her lap did little to help the situation.

"O M G, I didn't want to say anything because I was hoping we could get out of here soon, but it's going to be a problem for me too," D.va admitted.

"Okay, then let's focus. What do we need to do?" Brigitte asked, trying to suppress her newfound desperation.

"If we can reroute the remaining power maybe I can force the hatch open with it," D.va explained as she attempted to cross her legs. She found it next to impossible with what little legroom she had though.

"Maybe you can eject us?" Brigitte asked as she squeezed her legs together. Each passing moment only added to her discomfort.

"That's one of the many features malfunctioning right now, unfortunately," D.va sighed. "I'd much prefer to make sure we do this safely."

D.va proceeded to make some adjustments to the controls in the hopes of rectifying their situation. Brigitte hoped that whatever D.va was doing would be quick though because every slight bit of movement set off little ripples of pressure on her already full bladder.

*Activating thrusters*

"Damn it!" D.va exclaimed. The mech bolted forward for a few seconds and then tumbled onto its side. Brigitte and D.va, likewise, found themselves laying side by side in the cockpit.

"Oh no, that's about to do it... I'm... I can't believe I'm going to wet myself in here," Brigitte whined.

"That almost set me off too, but hold it! If you let it all out now then it's Game Over GG for me too, I just know it," D.va wailed.

*Powering down*

"Well that's less than ideal," Brigitte joked. "These suits are absorbent, right? Maybe it'll hold everything in like a spacesuit or something." As if to test her theory, Brigitte felt a small spurt escape which dampened her panties.

"It's a flight suit, not a wet suit!" D.va chided. She could feel herself starting to lose control which was only exacerbated by the light bit of wetness she could now feel behind her.

"No, we can't do this here. It's so embarrassing. We've got to hold out. We can do it!" Brigitte tried to keep her upbeat attitude even though she felt like she'd have to let it all out any second.

"I can't hold it anymore!" D.va shouted. "Brigitte, I'm sorry! I'm so sorry..." D.va buried her face in her hand and a steady stream of pee started to leak out of her. She used her other hand to press down on her crotch in the hopes of stopping the flow.

Brigitte wrinkled her nose as the aroma of D.va's urine filled the cockpit. She could feel the wetness against her body as D.va's pee started soaking into both of their flight suits.

"Wow. Wow, that smells salty. What on earth did you eat?" Brigitte laughed. She knew she was only moments away from sharing her friend's embarrassment so she tried to make light of the situation.

"About 5 cup ramen," D.va blushed. She elbowed Brigitte slightly for poking fun at her. They both laughed at the exchange.

"Oof. Oh no, here it comes," Brigitte warned. She didn't have the luxury of holding anything back with her hands since D.va was pressed against her so closely. She felt a small spurt soak through, then a larger one.

Brigitte closed her eyes and resigned herself to her fate. A steady stream of urine pooled between them as Brigitte let it all go. The sound of droplets against the metal bits of the mech were reminiscent of rainfall hitting the roof on a rainy day.

"Oh no, not you too. This is so awkward." D.va said.

"Ahhh, at least that's one less thing to worry about," Brigitte chimed in. "It's okay, Hana, just let it out. We'll deal with getting cleaned up after we get out of here."

The last remaining bit of D.va's willpower eroded and she joined Brigitte in thoroughly and completely wetting herself. They both sighed in relief for a few moments as their pee soaked into each other's clothing and the excess puddled beneath them. The torrent of urine lasted for a full minute before subsiding to a trickle, and then, nothing.

"I can't believe I just pissed myself in front of someone else," D.va said, breaking the silence.

"Hey, you're not the only one," Brigitte reminded her. "At least we're in this together. I'm just glad no one else is here to see us like this."

"S M H, that's a brilliant idea, why didn't I think of that sooner?"

"Oh no, please don't tell me you're thinking of-"

"Calling someone for help!" D.va interrupted. "We can use the last bit of power to send out a distress call to someone on the team!"

"I don't like where this is going," Brigitte added. "We can't call just anyone. Who did you have in mind?"

"Torbjorn would be able to get us out of here in no time," D.va suggested.

"I can't let Papa see me like this, I'd be mortified!" Brigitte protested. The idea of anyone seeing her soaked in her own pee was embarrassing enough without adding her father into the mix.

"Who do you suggest then?" D.va asked.

"Maybe Winston?" Brigitte suggested.

"Oh no, he'd just make dumb jokes about it," D.va replied.

"Same goes for Baptiste."

"Tracer would just laugh at us nonstop," D.va surmised.

"Too true," Brigitte acknowledged.

"I've got it!" D.va shouted. "Let's call Orisa."

"Oh, dear, sweet Orisa. She'd have the know how and she'd be so kind to us about everything. Orisa is a go!" Brigitte agreed.

D.va flipped the switch to turn the mech back on, hoping she'd have enough power to send out her message. She wasted no time in calling Orisa as soon as the display lit up. She adjusted the camera to make sure just their faces would be visible and not the entire embarrassing scene.

"Greetings, D.va. And Brigitte as well. What do I owe the pleasure?" Orisa said as the video feed went live.

"Orisa, we've got ourselves in a bit of trouble!" D.va started talking a mile a minute. "Brigitte and I are about an hour's flight North of my workshop and we've been trapped inside my new mech for awhile now and I really need you to come here and find a way to get us out as soon as you can. Pretty please! Oh, and come alone. No reason to worry anyone else on the team-"

"Hana!" Brigitte butted in.

"Sorry, what?"

"The power dropped already. She's gone," Brigitte informed her.

"How much of that do you think she got?" D.va asked.

"I think somewhere between us being in trouble and where we're at. She's smart though, she'll figure it out." Brigitte replied.

"I hope so."

(2 hours later)

D.va and Brigitte waited patiently for Orisa to arrive. The once warm sensation of the urine which coated their clothes and the cockpit had turned much colder in the time between. Just when they were about to give up hoping that Orisa actually got their message, the mech started to shake and right itself.

"O M G, we're saved!" D.va shouted gleefully.

Her cheers filled the cockpit for just a moment as the hatch sprung open to reveal a full strike team of Overwatch members standing before them. At a glance they could see Soldier 76, Lucio, and Tracer all at the ready.

"I heard you were in distress but the message was cut short. I assembled the team to prevent further harm from coming to you," Orisa explained.

"Oh no!" Brigitte shouted as both she and D.va tried to cover up their accidents.

"Your fluids appear to be leaking, and your faces are flush," Orisa observed. "Do you require medical attention?"

Soldier smirked but said nothing. Tracer tried to stifle a laugh but failed and then doubled over, cackling all the way down.

"I'm so embarrassed right now..." Brigitte whimpered.

"Gg," D.va hung her head and gave up trying to cover herself.

After a few awkward moments of silence Lucio finally stepped forward and gently placed his hands on Brigitte and D.va's shoulders.

"Come on, let's go get you two cleaned up."

"Thanks, Lucio," Brigitte smiled. "You're a real sweetheart."

