Kelly's Bursting School Day (Story Trade!)

Author: Bees

*000*2018-01-26 22:45

“Ahh…” Kelly smiled and stretched as she woke up for school. 7:00 sharp, as she always did. A tomboyish, tan, fit 18-year-old girl, her red hair hung down to her shoulders. She wore a simple t-shirt and panties combo to bed, and nothing else. She felt if she wore too much she’d get too hot at night. As Kelly woke up, a familiar feeling hit her. She had to pee REALLY badly. She always did when she woke up, it was always inevitable. No matter what she tried, she could never stop herself from having to pee. She ran to the bathroom but realized it was locked. “Ohhh…” she moaned and banged on the door, crossing her legs hard, she didn’t think she could hold it.

“Who’s there?” her sister Melanie yelled from inside.

“It’s Kelly, open the door! I’ve gotta pee!”

“It’ll have to wait!” Mel yelled out, “I just found out I’ve got the flu!”

Kelly heard the feint sounds of her sister being sick in the bathroom. She knew she couldn’t wait, but she decided to be nice to her sister and walked back into her room, trying to find something to take her mind off of it.

And she did find something. The clock that said 7:50.

“Oh my god, I overslept!” Kelly quickly got dressed and ran out of the house, putting her bladder on hold.

Kelly, now dressed in a purple t-shirt, black leggings, tights, and a pair of black flip-flops, with her red hair in a ponytail, ran to the bus and got on. The bus ride to school was torture. She sat there squirming hard, crossing her legs to try and keep it all in. She was a bit too shy to hold herself in front of everyone on the bus, but her quivering legs told them all they needed to. She was ready to explode.

As the bus arrived, Kelly thanked whatever deity she believed in that she hadn’t leaked yet. She quickly got inside… well, at quickly as she could without spilling, and found the closest bathroom. On the verge of bursting, she walked into the bathroom, only to see, in horror, that all the stalls were occupied!

She couldn’t believe it, 4 stalls and none of them had any vacancy! Kelly squirmed hard and, since nobody was around, grabbed herself, trying to hold it all in. Her face showed great pain, she felt agony as her bladder pulsed with every passing second, the pee being pushed to the hole, and her having to snap it shut!

Soon a toilet flushed. It made her moan and grip herself tighter, crossing her legs tightly and shutting her eyes, but it had a good side to it. Soon the girl came out of the stall, and Kelly quickly ran inside to take her place. Pulling her tights down, she finally got her sweet relief! It felt amazing, she had never experienced anything like this before. She had never let it get this bad, and she had never released this much pee all at once. It was almost orgasmic… almost. One thing was for sure, though… If she had released this much onto the floor of the school, she would never have lived it down.

After seeing her boyfriend, Bruce, and he gave her a soda, she drank it down quickly. She needed to get to class, and they didn’t appreciate sugary drinks in the classrooms. It was a policy that she thought made a lot of sense, if it spilled it would attract bugs. So she finished it quickly and went to class.

After her first class was over, she took a big drink of water from the fountain. She was parched, drinking a whole soda actually made her mouth sticky and kinda dry. Afterwards, she talked with her friends a bit.

“So,” she said, “I almost didn’t make it!” she was telling her friends about her experience. “I had to pee SO badly, and the bathroom was occupied, I actually came here with a full bladder!”

“Wow,” her friend Mandy said, “You made the full, 10-minute bus ride here with a bursting bladder?”

“I sure did!” Kelly said, smiling, sort of proud of herself, in a way she never really had been before.

“You should be careful,” her other friend, Penelope, told her. “You could lose it at any time if you hold it in for that long, especially with how much you’re drinking!” Penelope had a tendency to get really concerned about her friends, but it proved that she cared.

Kelly shook her head. “No need to worry about me, Penny. The school’s got plenty of bathrooms!” She smiled, taking one last sip from the fountain. “They’ve got all I need.”

“I-if you say so…” Penelope nodded and blushed a bit. She was a very shy girl. “Just… be careful? Please?”

Kelly chuckled a bit and nodded. “Okay, okay… for you, Penelope.” She smiled at her as she left for her second class. She ignored her friend’s advice, passing right by the closest bathroom in order to get to class.

As Kelly’s second class was really boring. As the teacher droned on about some geography nonsense, the redhead started to notice a twinge in her bladder. She put her hand up and the teacher let her go to the bathroom. She sighed happily and got up, getting to the bathroom soon, but as she pushed the door, it only went partway. She listened in, and heard some girls talking. “Aah…” she knocked on the door. “H-hey, can you let me in!? I’ve gotta pee!”

“Too bad!” one of the girls said. “You’re not allowed in here!” Bitches. They wouldn’t let her in because she wasn’t part of their little group.

“Aah…” she put a hand in her crotch. She was so close to the bathroom, but she couldn’t get in! She squirmed, bouncing up and down in place, trying to keep it all in. She was right there! She needed it so badly! She knocked on the door, but there was no response. Kelly held herself as she tried knocking 2 more times, before finally giving up. She knew she wasn’t getting anywhere. She looked around for another bathroom, but didn’t see one around. She shivered a little, bouncing in place and moaning to herself, and slowly walked back to class.

Kelly looked at the clock. 20 minutes left. She decided to try and hide it, she was sitting near the middle of the classroom, and beside her boyfriend. It would be embarrassing to wiggle in desperation in the middle of class!

Kelly held as still as she possibly could. She did squirm a little bit, but it wasn’t really noticeable, and luckily nobody turned to face her.

The 20 minutes went by surprisingly quickly, especially for someone who had to pee, but Kelly was focused on a goal: after class she was going to go! Penelope was right, she didn’t want to burst in the middle of class!

She got to the closest girl’s bathroom and sighed in relief, but then stopped. “Hold on…” she said to herself, “I’ve got to be stronger than this!” She remembered that morning, when she held a bursting pot of pee the whole bus ride to school, AND with a couple minutes of a completely full bathroom, waiting her turn patiently! She could keep holding… and she would! Kelly passed the bathroom, on the way to her third class of the day, luckily a bit more of an engaging one this time.

By the end of the class, she was nearly bursting again! She squirmed, despite her efforts not to. She tried and tried to stay still, but she couldn’t. But it was enough not to draw anyone’s attention, at least for the moment. She shook a little as she stood up, after the bell rang. She headed for the bathroom, but ran into Bruce.

“O-oh, um… h-hey honey…” she looked up at him and smiled, trying to keep her composure.

“Hey Kel!” That was his nickname for her. She found it cute. “Wanna walk to class together?”

“U-um…” Kelly’s heart sank. She’d have to wait even longer to let all her pee go! It was already hurting. “S-s-sure…” She tried as hard as she could to hold it without grabbing herself, and she was managing, but it took almost everything she had. She clenched her muscles as the two walked together, Bruce smiling obliviously. The two passed a bathroom, and Kelly moaned a bit.

‘You okay Kel?” Bruce heard her!

“U-um, fine!” she blushed hard, looking down at the floor. “Just, um… got a cramp…”

Bruce nodded. “Oh, okay. Better now?”

Kelly nodded. “Yeah, I-I’m… f-fine…”

Period four was about an hour long, but it felt like an eternity for the busting redhead. She didn’t even try to hide it anymore. By the time she was halfway through class, if she didn’t hold herself she was going to leak. She shivered in desperation as she looked around the classroom, at all the other students. Her flip-flops ended up slipping off from how much she was shaking. The now barefoot girl looked at the clock. “Th-thirty minutes l-left… c-come on, Kelly, you c-can do this…”

Twenty-seven minutes later, she was ready to explode. It felt like it did this morning. Maybe even worse. She couldn’t tell. All she knew was, if she didn’t have both legs double-crossed, with her hands buried in her crotch, she’d explode all over the floor of the classroom. “Aah… I-I need to h-hold on… I-I need to make it… three more minutes a-and I can pee…”

That’s when it happened. The announcement.

“Attention all students and staff. There has been a severe plumbing malfunction. The system somehow burst, so all bathrooms will be temporarily out of service. Thank you for understanding.”

“N-n-no!” Kelly gasped, her aching bladder sticking out. She shivered harder in desperation. Everyone stared at her as the realization sunk in. She couldn’t pee. She needed it more than she ever did before, and she couldn’t do it. She almost cried. She needed the toilet so badly. It hurt. It was beyond hurting, it was agony. “I-I can’t hold it! I need it now! Oh, why didn’t I go when I had the chance!?”

After class was over, the bell rang for lunch. She walked to the cafeteria, passing a bathroom and wincing as her bladder reminded her of how badly she needed it. As she sat down with her friends, she took a look around to try and distract herself from her heavy, busting bladder. Though nothing really helped. In fact, a lot of things made it worse. A few kids had water bottles, outside there was a custodian watering some plants, and of course there were juice boxes. She held herself, still not trying to hide it. She crossed her legs. “I-I hope they f-fix the bathrooms, and fast… I-I-I’m gonna e-explode!” she admitted to her friends.

“Damn,” Mandy said, “Is it really that bad?”

Kelly just nodded, not wanting to try talking again. If she sounded as desperate as she felt, then she didn’t want people to hear her like that. She overheard some people talking. “So she was sprayed with the hose, water went everywhere!” they laughed. Kelly squirmed, starting to sweat from how hard she was working to keep it all in.

“Aah… I-I can’t t-take it… a-at this rate, I-I’m going to b-burst!” She ran out of the cafeteria, her boyfriend following her.

“Kel, wait!” He found her and stopped her. “Let’s not do this now! People are eating out here. Plus, they haven’t fixed the bathrooms yet.”

“T…true… okay, good thinking…” she walked back in, waiting out the clock. She shook in desperation as she waited for the grueling hour-long lunch period to end.

Kelly managed to get to the next class, somehow, but she walked past it. She saw the door out of the school and ran towards it. She could pee outside in a bush, nobody would know! Then she could return to class and everything would be fine. She ran out to the door, but was stopped. “Huh?” It was a teacher.

“Kelly, where are you going?”

“J-just… um… enjoying the breeze?”

“Get back to class, Kelly.”

She squirmed. “S-sir, may I please… aah… g-go relieve myself first? I can’t concentrate like this!”

He looked at her, and noticed how much she was shaking and squirming. He nodded. “I agree. But I’m afraid there’s nothing we can do. The bathrooms are being repaired, you’ll just have to hold it.”

“H-hold it!? N-no, I can’t! I-I can’t!” She pushed past the teacher. It was something she didn’t like to do, but she needed this.

As Kelly left, she ran out into the hall, and soon found a garbage can, smiling a little, then tried to take off her tights. “W-what?” she pulled and tugged, but they wouldn’t come off without ripping. Her bladder had come out so far, her tights were catching on it! She almost got them down, when a teacher came around the corner. “Oh, nooo!” She squirmed more, jamming her hands back into her crotch, holding herself closed as they teacher approached.

“What are you doing out here?” he asked.

“Um, n-n-nothing, s-sir…”

He nodded. “Very well…”

She squirmed even harder, and ran around the halls for a bit, trying in vain to find somewhere private and appropriate to pee. She soon ran into something she really wished she didn’t… she got into the gym, and saw a bunch of kids playing with water balloons. They burst, and she clutched herself, tears forming in her eyes from how desperately she needed release. She ran into what she thought was the hall, but it turns out was the shower room. She saw all the shower heads running and it nearly made her lose it. She leaked a little, getting some drops in her panties. She had to get out of there!

She ran out of the gym and stopped. Not because she wanted to, but because her body forced her to. She got a huge wave of desperation and needed to stop. Soon, however, she was joined by Bruce. “N-no… n-not now…” she looked up at him, her legs crossed tightly, her hands pressed into her crotch, as they had been before.

“Kel… I’m so sorry…” Bruce frowned. “I’m sorry this is happening to you.”

Kelly looked up at him. “I-it’s okay… th-thanks…” she smiled, almost too desperate to pay attention to him. She got another wave and gasped, crossing her legs even tighter. She clenched her teeth, sweating and shaking as she tried not to let her bladder pop like a water balloon.

After a few minutes, a few more students came out. Kelly looked up at them. She was walking very slowly. The cold school floor on her now-bare feet wasn’t helping the matter at all. She was on the verge. She felt it.

“Aah… B-Bruce… th-this is i-it… i-i-if I take a-another s-step, I-I’m g-g-gonna b-burst!”

“Let me help you!” He smiled, kissing her gently. She blushed and leaned into the kiss. And for a brief moment, she forgot about her aching bladder. She sighed happily. It was a really good distraction.

Too good.

All at once, Kelly’s torrent of hot pee erupted from her body! Her bladder had burst, in front of what had to be at least two dozen students, as well as her boyfriend! She looked down and screamed.

“AAAH! NOOOO! PLEASE G-GOD, N-NOO!” Kelly gripped her crotch again, covering the increasingly-big wet spot on her tights and trying to slow the flow, but to no avail, as she closed her eyes, tears forming in them as she sat down in the puddle she created. Her panties turned a dark colour, slowly but surely, spreading out quickly. They were getting soaked, as were her hands. She shut her eyes tightly as the yellow puddle formed around her. This went on for a good minute and a half, the puddle getting bigger, more people crowding around, some staring in awe, some taking pictures, others trying to contain their laughter.

Finally she stopped, looking up at Bruce with a mixture of sadness and embarrassment. She looked down at the puddle she made and frowned, knowing her tights were soaked now too.

Bruce frowned. “Oh, Kel…” He blushed, helping her off the ground.

“B-Bruce…” she hugged him, crying into his chest.

Later that day, Kelly was at home, now in dry clothes, and Bruce had come with her. She was sitting on her bed, her boyfriend standing next to it.

“Don’t feel bad,” Bruce said, “We all make mistakes.”

“Not like that!” she said.

“Hey…” Bruce leaned down and hugged her. “I love you. I’ll always love you.”

Kelly smiled and hugged back. “I love you too.”

“Plus,” he said, “…It was kinda hot.”

Kelly blushed. “Thanks, babe…”

The End!

(This is half of a story trade with Rick Dixon! Hope you all like it! ^_^)

*002*2018-01-27 00:24

Thank you. :D

