A journey begins with a single step

Author: betanumeric

*000*2020-08-05 20:36

A journey begins with a single step

The scene: a railway terminal, in the banking district of a major city, in the Festive Season. A few have spent the day at work, it being the week between Christmas and New Year; of those few, rather more of them have spent the afternoon in pubs and bars than in the office and, at closing time, it shows.

Dramatis Personae: a cast of two. One's forgettable: she would be worth a look if she stood a little better, tried a little harder, was herself instead of being somebody's best friend...

...Who is indeed Some Body, standing next to her: long blonde hair and long, long legs, shining lycra tights, knee-high boots and a short, short skirt.

She is trying very, very hard not to wee into her tights.

Three or four feet away, droplets on the floor tiles and a puddle with a bootprint tell us that she needs to try a little harder.

Her best friend's holding onto her arm, for reassurance rather than for physical support: neither of them could be truthfully described as 'drunk' but you'd be right to say that they've been drinking.

Blonde Some Body's standing, steady in her boots - buckles, dolly-heels and all - but she's reluctant to take another step, towards the stairs and down into the Ladies'.

Reluctant? Very. Frightened, even: as if just one step will be a step too far.

With good reason: wee she will, and wee she must, and wee is running in her tights: a little trickle in the fabric, wetting her skin and disappearing into her boot.

Moving or not moving doesn't matter; she is wetting herself, and trying not to isn't working.

Her satin-black and shiny tights aren't as black as you'd have thought: a blacker line is running down from a butterfly pattern, spreading out from a swelling cameltoe, and underneath the creases of her buttocks...

Just, just visible beneath the hemline of her skirt.

...Little scatterings of bright yellow droplets flicker through the lycra, and an insistent finger of matt black is pointing down her other leg: an accusation saying "Look at this!" So we look, and see the darker line it drew into the fabric, curling round her thigh and ending in a flash of droplets at her knee.

The wet line is spreading out, fading, disappearing... And suddenly restarting, as a bright little stream that curls a little further, wandering onto the back of her calf before lifting out into the air as a wavering spurt, arcing in the light and falling free, separating into a staccato dot-dot-dot of droplets onto the floor tiles.

Tap, tap, tappity-tap, they patter into little splashes in a puddle, not quite big enough to show a circle of expanding ripples.

Her boot is getting splashed with tiny scatterings of droplets, bright little pinpricks of light beside a solid little trickle. Further up, the black ribbon of wee running in lycra is disappearing into her boot, sometimes: and other times it touches the lip of the leather and runs over, down her heels and down into the not-so little puddle.

The weeing woman shifts her weight, trying not to wee into her boot, and trying not to wee outside it, where it's adding to the puddle - big enough now, that people can see it! - and trying not to wee at all.

The spurt that's coming off the back of her knee suddenly retreats, curling off her thighs into the air a little higher, then a little higher still; it disappears, and now it's running off a tell-tale patch of wetness on her skirt - a soaking semicircle like palm-print slapped to her buttock, where the short, short skirt still touches lycra and her thigh.

If she was standing with her legs apart, even just a little bit, a line of wee would now be falling straight down from the cup of her pants into the puddle between her boots: and she really, really doesn't want to be the woman doing that for all the World to see. But weeing down her leg can only hide so much, and she's far beyond that now.

She had better move, and she had better not: there is a sea of wee inside her tights; soaking, sopping knickers and a hot pooling heat that cups her backside.

The weight of it drags her pants down, free of her skin, and forces through the fabric as a sudden rain of droplets behind her, glittering as they fall and pattering into the puddle.

She takes that step, and a thin, wandering stream of wee falls free, splashing on the floor from an all-too-visible cameltoe; it wavers left and right, and suddenly falls silent: it's found a leg to run along.

The rivulet curls around her, hissing in the crease of her buttock, and reappears in the light, meandering again and reappearing as a shower streaming off the handprint on the hem.

And this, this is a woman trying not to wee, holding back as hard as she can, to trickle, or to dribble, or stop, when her body wants to piss as hard as she can.

Her body wants to rush, and gush, and flood the station.

And so her bladder tries, tries, and wins: her best friend disengages and hops aside, daintily and just a little bit unsteadily, her shoes and stockings splashed.

Wet Girl stumbles, momentarily, and in the bustle of the station we can hear the hiss, the rush, as the backs of her legs erupt in droplets, then in streams of yellow, and the front of her skirt blossoms in a wet, wet stain.

Some Body, short skirt, long legs, dolly-boots, buckles and all, is wetting herself; and it couldn't be more public, in the middle of a busy railway station.

She pisses, and pisses, and pisses: legs together, knees bent and a waterfall clattering down off the back of her skirt, down the back of her legs; bright streams down the leather of her boots and flashes of reflected light on ripples in a puddle running out around her heels.

She pisses, shocked, shifting her feet and trying to stand upright: pisses with her legs apart, straight down, a splashing cascade into the puddle dead-centre between her boots; gasps, horrified at the spectacle of herself, and tries to silence the clatter by standing with her legs together again.

And she pisses in her tights, legs together and her hands squeezing her thighs, shining sheets of wee upon her legs and a river running over the toe of her boot.

The puddle's running down the stairs, towards the Ladies' Loos. She sees it, horrified, turns and tries to walk away - she can't show her face there, all the other women will *know* - and tries to run along the concourse to her platform and her train.

Tries to run, but she's still pissing. A rush of it floods up inside her underwear: another wet handprint appears on her skirt, up around her waistband at the front, hot and wet against her midriff... But more, far more, rushes down into the pool around her backside.

All of it comes flooding out, flashing yellow streams and a bright scattering of rain off the hem of her skirt, and off her backside; audible and obvious; and she is pissing in her underwear in public, with no hope of hiding what she's doing.

She shifts, makes half a step, and the piss runs off the front of her skirt - a curving trickle like a little boy peeing forward - half-another-step, and it's running off her backside again. Step forward, and her skirt swings forward, heavy with wee, and the little-boy-pee streams forward off the hem again.

Back and forth it goes as she tries to walk: little-boy-pee, splash; little-boy-pee, splash; pitter-patter splash, until we see her giving up and scuttling with her knees together, wee running down her legs and spraying off her boots.

She is followed by a rain of bright droplets and an accusing yellow water trail.

Wet bootprints track her to the ticket barrier, where she fumbles in her bag to find her season ticket.

As she stands, she pisses: it's not that she doesn't care, she can't help it and it isn't going to stop. Not so much a flood, now, just a steady stream, bubbling over the lip of her boot, and there's not a damn' thing she can do about it.

There is absolutely nothing she can do.

It's wet, and hot, and running on her leg, and she's forgotten what she's doing.

Bag. Unzipping. Looking. Weeing, and weeing, and weeing. Slower, but she's still weeing in her tights and she knows it.

She claps the ticket to the reader, tries not to meet the eyes of the platform staff, and they try not to notice - get her and her problem on the train and out of their station and she won't be their responsibility! - and at last she manages to walk as calmly as she can, to board the train and hop aboard, through the beeping doors as they slam shut behind her.

She spends the journey standing in the vestibule of the carriage, all the way to Colchester; wet, and visibly so, and everyone who leaves from that end of the carriage sees it.

Standing, trying not to wee into her tights, and mostly managing; and 'mostly' means there's just a little dripping and a wet bootprint, and not-quite-a-puddle. Wee is dripping off her, just a bit, and seeping out of her boots, a bit, and mostly she notices and pulls herself together when she spurts and rushes, ever such a little bit, straight into her panties with a shocking heat.

There are, of course, no loos in her carriage: and she can't bring herself to move.

If you were watching, you'd see black lines on her tights fading and drying, and not quite disappearing... And new ones running down, sometimes into her boots, and sometimes dribbling over them in little streams that run down one heel, or sometimes both. Mostly, you'd hear her gasp, and see the stream waver and fade as she realises she's pissing, again, and stops herself.

Some of those little black lines last for a long, long time: either she is unaware - too wet to recognise what's happening, and that she's getting even wetter - or just too tired to care.

By the time the train has nearly reached her station, she's standing in another puddle.

She has been avoiding her fellow-passengers' gaze at smaller stations on the route, as ones and twos and threes of them step over, or around, or in her puddle when they leave the train.

Walking through the train, just as it pulls up to the platform, avoids confronting her remaining fellow-travellers; a carriageful of them must know it was her - or would have known, if they had all stepped over her puddle while she was still standing in it - but everybody else aboard just glimpses her as she walks past, and sees a hint: a fading damp patch on her skirt and an uneven colour to her tights, but not the whole, wet, truth.

She has a short walk home: no minicab will take her in the state she's in - of necessity, the drivers are observant and they've seen this happening more times than you would think - and she no longer cares if anyone can see she's wet herself. But she can't quite bring herself to stop, upend her boots, and pour out all the piss in one, long stream: so it squelches and bubbles up at every step, leaving a trail of drops behind her.

She has no idea what her bladder is doing: overtired and irritable, and all she feels is the ache; and she knows that once she's wet herself she's *wet*, and her body's having none of this 'hold your wee', no matter what she wants. So she walks, knowing but trying to ignore it, that she's losing hot little spurts and long dribbling leaks that draw a warm line down her leg.

It's not too visible, but it's uncomfortable: the lycra dries in seconds but not all the way to 'dry' dry, and it's chilly in the cold December air.

Best to get a move on, then: a brisk walk to keep her warm. Trouble is, the wet, sucking squelch of the piss in her boots is loud and clear, and unmistakable.

So, too, is the trail of drips and little splashes on the pavement: sometimes from her boot; and sometimes, all too clearly, from her underwear: both the lycra tights, and her knickers in them, have been dragged downward by the slick weight of wee that she did in them when she lost control.

The short, short skirt's no longer teasing with a flashing glimpse of panties and a hint of cameltoe outlined in lycra: her underwear is clearly discernible and it is clearly wet, and every time a little spurt of wee escapes her, the world can see a shining little line of of liquid run down her, or a spreading butterfly of wetness spreading in the fabric as it cups the wee around her.

And she walks, because she has to; and ignores it, because what choice does she have?

Some things don't go away when you ignore them; and sometimes there are things that you body will insist you stop and do, right here, whether you wanted to or not.

Even when you're right across the road from your apartment, in plain view of the neighbours.

And so she stops, rooted to the spot, as the ache in her bladder becomes a sharp pain and a hot rush of piss.

Her pants fill up, heat pooling around her and rising, soaking up into the front of her skirt and dragging them down still further, running wet and hissing.

The pattering of piss onto pavement is clearly audible in the still and frosty air, for anyone to hear it: but the giveaway, the tell-tale to the street that a grown woman - skirt and lycra, dolly-boots, buckles and heels - is pissing in her pants in public is the curling wisp of steam rising off her leggings, as the dark little rivulet of wee runs off the kerbstone and into the gutter, cutting a black line through the glittering frost.

A long minute passes, frozen and motionless as it goes on, and on, and on.

She shivers, suddenly, and it falters and stops; spurts and restarts, squirts and stops again.

She mutters an obscenity as it starts again, a thin little widdle that insists on wetting the gusset of her pants again, and not a damn' thing she can do about it.

Her underwear is sopping wet and slowly soaking out into her leggings, running warm against her skin; then cold and wet, then damp and chilly.

They slip a little further, and she wonders if she should reach under her jacket and haul them up, knowing it'll squeeze the cold and sopping wee against her, before the liquid squeezes out and clatters to the pavement in another "I've wet myself" embarrassment.

Not yet.

That nasty little widdle is *still* going in her pants as she grasps the lamp post, leans and lifts her foot, bending her knee so the heel of her boot is level with her backside.

She holds it there with her free hand, a stretching exercise she used to practice as a schoolgirl ballerina, as the wee streams out of her boot and runs off her knee, a bright arc of piss pattering into the gutter.

The annoying little widdle falters and stops, dribbles as if it is determined to spite her, and spurts a sudden gush of wee, wetting her bits in a hot little rush that runs down into the cup of her pants, cooling as it trickles off her labia: bright wet liquid steams in the cold air as it soaks out into the lycra, on display to the whole of the World as she empties out her boot.

Wait it out, her boot will empty out eventually, there can't possibly be that much piss inside it.

The stream off her knee patters to a stop: a little bit runs back down, shockingly cold on her ankle, as she lowers her boot to the pavement.

Swap hands, swap feet, drain the other boot out; wait for the patter of piss off her knee to stop, and lose another rush of piss in her pants as her crotch, lifted up and on display to the world, slips and presses to her groin in a slap of cold and wetness.

She shivers and another rush of pee comes out of her, and runs straight into her boot.

Fuck.

She lowers her other boot to the ground: it isn't empty, but to hell with it.

She grits her teeth, braces herself, and rummages under her jacket, grabbing two good handfuls of her lycra leggings through the fabric of her top, and hauls the whole lot upwards, swallowing obscenities as cold, cold, sopping, pissed-in underwear pulls up against he backside and her groin and slowly squeezes out.

Her mini, mini pelmet of a skirt is pulled up with it and the rush of wetting down her legs, and the clatter of squeezed-out piss onto pavement, is blatantly on display to the whole of the street and the neighbours, if they're looking out to see if their overflow pipe is making all that noise.

She should of done this in the park around the corner but she had no idea how badly she would wet herself in plain view of her neighbours.

It's done now: no point hiding it.

She tugs down her skirt for what good it will do, and sets off across the road: looks left and right - no traffic, and no-one to be seen - and stops trying to walk normally. She waddles the "I've wet myself" walk, home into her apartment block, trying not to squeeze more piss out of her sopping pants as her boots bubble and squelch at every step.

Yes, she's wet herself: and "Yes, I've fucking wet myself" is what she'll say to anyone who meets her on the way in.

Luckily no-one does.

A good night out, and she got home all right, sort of, and nobody will say a word about it.

