Fallout (Female Courier x Cass omo story)

Author: BoiPee

*000*2025-07-14 07:56

The Courier and Cass were on their way to Vault 22 To download data for Doc. Hildren. Cass's backback was almost full of whiskey, and the two women drank a lot of it together. Both were already starting to feel an growing urge to go tinkle.

"How long is it until that fucking vault? I gotta go take a piss really badly." Cass asked.

"We should be relatively close soon. And shut up about peeing i gotta go too. But you know we cant stop now, you wouldnt want a cazador to suprise you with you pants down" Courier answered.

"FUCK! When we get there, im peeing first alright?" Cass said while loosening her belt a bit to relieve the weight on her bladder.

"There it is!" The Courier suddenly shouted pointing at a vault door surrounded by plants, sounding clearly relieved.

"FUCKING FINALLY." Cass shouted and ran to one of the bushes on front of the vault door, and started taking off her belt, when suddenly a plant tried to take a bite of her, Making her fall on the ground.

"WATCH OUT!" The Courier shouted and shot at the plant with a revolver, making it die.

"IT TRIED TO TAKE A BITE OF MY ASS" Cass shouted still on the ground.

"It seems we gotta find a safer place to piss" The Courier said nervously, holding her crotch with her free hand.

"And what could that place be?!? We both have drank like 60 whiskeys, and are gonna wet our pants in 5 minutes!" Cass said crossing her legs.

"Well atleast you can pull your pants off fast, do you know how much long a military grade riot armor takes to put on/off?!" The Courier responded.

"HEY, I have an idea, lets squat back to back with our weapons drawn, that way no one can suprise us" Cass said and pulled down her pants and ripped panties.

"I guess its the only fucking option" The Courier agreed, and started opening the buckle of her riot armor's pants.

The Courier got her pants down just in time, and the women squatted on the ground back to back. both started peeing a really powerful stream almost immediatly.

"This gives watering pants a whole another meaning" Cass joked.

Haha very fucking funny" the Courier answered.

Thank you for Reading, this is my first ever omo story hope you liked it :3

