Who could know ?

Author: Berger

*000*2023-12-31 06:38

«It should not be happening» was I thinking, as my legs became hotter, and my pants, drencher. It was not making any sense. I was coming back from my girlfriend’s home, she was living to her parents, we were 19 years old at that time, studying at the same faculty… Personnaly, I was living in a dorm, but I had friends with their own apartement. Every two weeks, the dorms were closed, I had no choice but to go back to my parent’s house except if I had a friend’s flat which could land me. This week, my good friend Gwladys left her keys for me. I could crush into her apartment if needed however the dorm was closed. 

It was beautiful, I could see my girlfriend without any worry. I mean she was living close to the faculty. She was at her parents. We lived beautiful days together but I had to get back to wherever I was coming from as each day ended. We were new into our relationships and yes, there was her whole family, I couldn’t just sleep there, and in the morning be like « hey. Great night last night, wasn’t it;) ? » …. We had sex sometimes if no one was there but we couldn’t be a couple. We had no absolute free time.

I discovered my fetish around 13. It was not much. I knew woman peeing their pants was pushing a button in my sexual brain. Nonetheless, I had a sexual brain. I wanted to make love. I wanted the naked body of a woman meeting my own naked body. I had a desire to be shared. I wasn’t concerned by this specific aspect of my sexuality. The pee aspect. I could neglect this if a woman loved me.I still think that.

We were seeing each other, exploring each other, building each other’s intimacy. She was the most perfect girl I ever met. Blond, long hair, neither tall, neither little. Perky breasts. Beautiful legs. A round face with deep blue eyes and lips made to be kissed. I was way taller than her but when we hugged it was as if we were the same height. I couldn’t indulge into my fetish. It was so superficial compared to the warmth of her love. Until this day. We were cool together. And I suffer sometimes from bladder anxiety. But sometimes. There are periods of year when I don’t care about my bladder, I can hold myself. Other times, I suffer from a real anxiety_ I don’t know wether I can hold it or not, and my whole life becomes determined by the length of my trips, wether I can hold it or not for 30 minutes.

But we don’t care about that and I didn’t care about that. Moreover, I wouldn’t care about that. I mean… sometimes it’s urge ; I really need to pee but… it’s psychological ! Then I pee and there wasn’t much ! How could I think I would pee my pants ? How paranoid am I, and why this focus on my bladder ? This day comes. I’ve spent the whole day with her. The night comes I have to go back to my friend’s flat. She went back to her parent’s home, she gave me her key. I say goodbye to my dear love. I go to the toilet before, to be sure. The anxiety. I walk. I wait at the bus stop. Time flies a bit. I walk in the bus, sit myself, I’m alright. The first half of the trip is alright. Suddenly, it hits me. I need to pee. I’m disturbed by this need. First I don’t belive it. I wasn’t feeling it until now, why would this be so urgent nowaday ? It’s psychological. I don’t need to pee that much. But still, I’m disturbed. My lap is heavy.

The bus’ journey was 40 minutes and I mean it’s alright. A young 19 year old boy shall held himself for that time. It’s stupid to be desperate to pee. For the 20th first minutes of the trip I knew my bladder nedded a release but of course I could hold it. More and more the pressure goes straight to my mind. I try to think it’s stupid. I don’t really need to pee that much. I’m sitting calmly. No one in the bus could guess I’m dying for a leak. I’m proud. I’m paranoid. It’s psychological. I don’t need to pee that much. My heartbeat says something else. I guess I’m becoming pale but I don’t want to believe it. In the end it becomes insufferable but I’m where I have to go. The bus stop I go out I feel like I am about to pee myself but it’s impossible. I’m so close. I’ll relieve myself. I shall not care about how desperate I am, so close I am from relieving. Toilet is near.

That was my mistake. I wouldn’t hold myself. So close was the toilet. I’m in front of the door of my friend’s flat. She’s a student, it’s not big. I open the door, I walk two foots, I pee. This doesn’t happen. I search for the key she gave me. I try to open the door and my penis bursts. I’m stunned. Pee goes along my leg I can’t control it. I’m peeing myself. I have an accident. I think I shall stop the flow. When I pee, I can stop. I can’t stop. Pee pours. Pee drenches my pant, my shoes, the ground. I turn the key. The flat is opened. The toilet was 2 meters away. I’m still peeing myself. It’s still hot in my pants. It flows. It doesn’t stop to flow. Finally, my hand goes to my crotch. I stop the flow. I feel stupid. I just had to acknowledge my urge and press my dick with my hand.. surely my pants would still be dry and I could have last those 10 seconds I lacked before I peed myself and then reach the toilet.

First of all I was wrong : my bladder was full to the brim, I wasn’t paranoid about it. As a proof : I needed time before I stopped peeing myself and then I still had a lot of pee to direct into the toilet.

Then : I had realised a fetish that was back in my mind for a long time. Since I dreamed about pee accident, I always thought about having one myself but it always seemed impossible. I would always not pee myself. However it happened when I didn’t want it to happen. As if the perfect erotic situation, what I couldn’t create by my own will.

Furthermore : I had a real accident, I need to masturbate to it. I won’t have a chance in years. It’s impossible as a grown up to pee oneself. I shall stop being shocked by what happened and go deep in my lust.

« - Gustave ? What happened ? » said my friend.

I had stopped peeing my pants and went straight to the toilet to relieve the rest of my bladder. I was thinking I was alone. She lent me her flat. She souldn’t be here. Why do I hear her voice. I’ m there, a boxer full of pee, a pant full of pee, a mind disturbed, I had an accident, I didn’t want it to happen but still, it’s a big turn on for me. It’s hard for me to process. And when i thought I was alone, I’m not . Someone will know and see me in this state of absolute humiliation. I get hard and hate getting hard from this. Gwladys come to see me. She comes close to the toilet. I put on my drenched pant as fast as I can. We look into each other eyes. She stares at my scrotch, she looks at the trail I left behind.

« -Did you just pee yourself ? » she asks

I’m giving up on myself. I’ve put my drenched pants back but I still have to pee. I was releasing myself. My pants is now glistening. I’m again peeing myself in front of Gwladys, my friend. She’s little, quite fat, her breasts are gigantic. I’ve never thought of her sexually but now I’m a beast. I’m seen, my consciousness declines. A puddle is created in front of her toilet. I open my mouth but no sounds comes out of it. I’m far away. I’m torn apart. My lust explodes my mind however I know I’m in danger.

« -Hi Gwladys », I say, in a weak voice, smiling, trying to contain myself, to be the friend she knows, « seems like I had an accident » I said, still growing the puddle under my feet.

I gushed my pee. I was a pervert at that moment. If I hadn’t be surprised I would have finish in the bowl. Here I was seen and something snapped in me and I let me go.

To talk about Gwladys : she was a long time friend. We were good with each other. Since we were 14, we’ve been friends. She was laughing at all my jokes, we were partner in crime but there was nothing romantic, ever. We were simply good with each other, which allowed me to crush in her flat when she wasn’t there, so I could spent time with other people. Afterward she would befriend them and everything would be alright, we would build a strong group of friends and I’ll be the main character in all of that, I would be in control.

But at this moment, I was all but in control. I just peed myself. I was peeing myself in front of her. Moreover, I got hard. There was a tent in my pant pouring pee across the fabric. I was so strange. I was ashamed like I never was and excited like I never was. I didn’t know how to act. Finally, I hadn’t any more pee in me. I was soaked. The feeling of my dick against the fabric of my boxer was quite good, but I hated my socks and shoes to be peed in. It became even cold around my crotch and I was fast surprised that this pleasure I was longing to was so fast to disappear.

But my penis is capricious. Why was Gwladys there ? She missed her train. She didn’t tell me. However I wouldn’t have checked her message but now we were here. She thought we would just joke, then sleep, and everything would be alright. But I’ve soaked myself in front of her.

I could not explain how it happened. I saw lust in her eye, checking on my wet pants, I jumped on her lips. Her hands touched every parts of my pee stained trousers. I was so hard I came in my boxer. She laughed about it, i felt so happy. I put down my clothes, she put down her clothes too. I loved her initmity, I became hard again, and we made love for hours.

It was 6 a.m., I woke up suddenly and thought:I had cheated on my girlfriend whom I love very much, she trusted me : I need to kill myself. Then I thought about the fact that I let another woman know that I have a pee fetish, a secret no one should know, I felt like I had to kill myself moreover. But I was naked, in the bed of my best friend, naked too. I tried to not think much and gather her into my arm, when I felt somethng in between my leg. I had my head into her shoulder, my hand around her boobs, my legs into her legs and I felt it. She was wetting her bed. I got hard. I kissed her cheek. I let pee flow and closed my eyes once more, thinking tomorrow maybe eveything will change.

