Princess Peach's Panic Room Panic

Author: Burgers

*000*2023-07-25 17:53

In the scorching heat of the Mushroom Kingdom on the hottest day of the year, Princess Peach Toadstool found herself in an unfortunate predicament. As she entered a room in her castle, the door slammed shut behind her, trapping her inside. To her dismay, she realized that the room was unbearably hot, with no means of escape.

She remembered getting up in the morning of the hottest day of the year, feeling so hot at a ridiculously early hour in the morning, she thought the AC was malfunctioning. She got up out of her bed, removed her sweat-soaked 1990 Milli Vanilli T-shirt and TriForce pajama pants, tossed them in her laundry basket, leaving behind a small trail of sweat on the hardwood she then had dried by rubbing her socks on them. Her room was an ugly mess, but it’s not like she had time to clean it herself with a Kingdom to rule and protect. She dressed herself neatly in her summer dress, which she would normally use for tennis and golf, and walked over to the thermostat. 71, it said. “Well, that’s not good enough.” She grumbled. “It feels 10 degrees hotter in here.

Usually, she was very happy-go-lucky and a delight to be around, but in this heat, it’s hard for even the most saintly of people to keep from becoming even a slight jerk sometimes. She almost regretted holding the big weekly castle barbecue today of all days. Mario, Luigi, her girlfriend Daisy, and every one of the Toads who worked at the castle had been invited. The more people in this large building, the hotter it would get, she thought to herself.

Hoping the air would feel a little cooler outdoors, she made her way through the castle corridors, greeting good morning to all the Toads she passed, and finally walked out of the large wooden door.

There was a slight wind, but otherwise probably sweatier than before. Disappointed, she walked back into the castle foyer. Tables with trays stacked with food sat in front of the large upper staircases, then, there were empty long tables with foldable chairs for people to sit around and talk. In 3 hours, the event would start and everyone would being arriving, and she would have to take charge. She breathed deeply and went into the kitchen for some of her favorite peaches. After helping herself, she went into the fridge for the coldest bottle of water she could find and chugged it down like her life depended on it. Just to make sure she kept hydrated, she chugged down another. And then another.

Finally, knowing she probably wouldn’t have time or space to eat during the event, she went into the foyer to prepare herself a cheeseburger. She grabbed a paper plate and a white bun, then used a metal tong to grab one of the brown meat Patties with yellow American cheese on it, and placed it neatly on the bottom bun before squirting a bottle of ketchup gently on it. Suddenly, she froze as she was struck by an idea. She was a little too stressed. A little too hungry. One burger wouldn’t do it, but she didn’t want to be caught carrying two burgers for herself, unless it was for someone else. That was too much to eat in one sitting and it would take too long for her to continue her duties, unless it was a double cheeseburger.

“Of course!” She thought to herself. “I always have a double cheeseburger before a match during my tennis season. Gives me something to work off.”

She turned her head cautiously, left and right, her heart pulsating, making sure nobody took notice. In a careful haste, but not too quick as to drop the patty on accident, she grabbed another bun, and then took another patty with her tong and placed it on top of the unoccupied bottom bun she just grabbed. Next, she removed the top bun to place the newly crafted burger on top, leaving behind one unused top bun. Then, she sprayed a bit of mustard on it. Embarrassed to eat in the center of the foyer with all the Toads working tirelessly, as well as her uncharacteristically large appetite on such a hot day, she went to find a more private room to eat in. Then, she remembered she had a fire-proof panic room ready in case Bowser were to break into the castle, to protect the Toads so they wouldn’t be harmed if she were to be taken hostage.

@@She turned the knob and pushed the door open and walked into the room, carefully balancing her paper plate on one hand, the sole top bun slice barely staying on. There was a square table in the center with some chairs and board games to pass the time. She moved the board games aside, placed her plate on the table, and sat down comfortably. Then, she realized the door was still open. Desperate for a little privacy, she walked gently back over to the door and firmly closed it, taking no notice of the sound of a lock latching itself, then made her way back over and seated herself comfortably back in the chair. She breathed deeply through her nose and out through her mouth in a sigh of temporary relief. Alone in a quiet room with her thoughts, which was very rare for someone busy as her. She quickly shoved the unused top bun slice into her mouth and chewed until it was good enough to swallow, then gulped it down. Now that her appetizer-to-be was over and done with, she gently but firmly pressed down on her double cheeseburger so it could have a slightly better chance of fitting in her mouth, but gently so that none of the juices would squirt out.

Finally, she grabbed the burger firmly with her small hands, twisting the bun ensuring the ketchup would stay on the bun and not fall out, and took the biggest bite she could. She sank her teeth hard into it, as the meat was a bit hard and crispy, but deliciously seasoned. The flavors dancing in her mouth as she chewed her food. She held her gnaw tight and carefully ripped the piece of her burger away with her teeth.

She closed her eyes, savoring each bite, as the worries of ruling temporarily faded away. The burger was a simple pleasure, a reminder that even princesses deserved to indulge in the occasional guilty pleasure. As she continued to eat, a small smile played on her lips, and her heart felt light.

Princess Peach's regal demeanor momentarily forgotten, she devoured the dual-layered burger with gusto, relishing every mouthful. Her uncharacteristic display of appetite echoing through her delightful moans. Then, some ketchup fell on her nice dress, and her heat-induced frustration returned, her joy once again being eclipsed by her stresses. She grunted, realizing, in her haste, she forgot to bring a napkin and maybe some more water to wash her early lunch down with.

She got back up in a haste, hoping her stain wasn’t permanent, and pulled on the door. To her shock, the knob refused to twist, and the door remained tightly shut. Thinking it was merely stuck, she twisted the round golden knob harder opposite the crack and pulled with more strength. Nothing. She felt herself start to panic as the heat in the room started to increase, the room’s AC’s cooling settings failing to subdue the summer heat.

As the temperature rose, Peach's frustration grew. Beads of sweat formed on her forehead, trickling down her face. She wiped her face, breathing heavily, and approached the door once more, her anger fueling her determination to break free. With a forceful grip, she grabbed the doorknob and pulled with all her might, hoping to pry it open.

But the door remained stubbornly locked, refusing to yield to her efforts. The perspiring princess’s frustration turned into anger, her face flushed with exertion and the heat of the room. She raised her right fist and pounded on the door with every ounce of her strength, hoping someone would hear. She’d call out for someone, but she was much too embarrassed at her situation to let them know who it was in this situation, and didn’t want to startle anyone with her heat-induced anger. She tugged at the door repeatedly, her muscles straining, her typically cute happy face reddening like a plum, her pearl white teeth gritting, sky blue eyes straining but it seemed as if it was mocking her, refusing to budge.

As the heat intensified, Peach's pink clothes clung to her body, drenched in sweat. Her hair stuck to her forehead, and her breathing became heavy. Despite the discomfort, she refused to give up. She continued to pull on the door, her determination unwavering.

With each unsuccessful attempt, Peach's anger grew, and bottling up her uncharacteristic negativity didn’t help matters. She shouted in frustration, her voice echoing through the room. The heat seemed to amplify her emotions, intensifying her resolve to escape. She refused to let the oppressive heat and locked door defeat her.

As Princess Peach's frustration reached its peak, she took a step back, her chest heaving with exhaustion. Beads of sweat dripped from her brow, her face a mix of determination and frustration. She knew she had to find another way out, even if it meant enduring the sweltering heat a little longer, but this room didn’t have any windows, and there weren’t any vents big enough to hold her. Her phone was low on battery and there was no reception.

She ran up and furiously began pulling and pushing against the door handle, hoping to maybe force it open. Maybe someone would finally hear and take notice. Perhaps a Toad who needed a bathroom break. Speaking of bathrooms, she thought to herself, she hadn’t gone all day, and she had a lot of water this morning. She grunted loudly with every failed budge, until finally, her full bladder, without warning, began relieving itself of all its retention. Her natural liquid waste gusted out in a hissing geyser, hitting the ground below it and creating an ocean of her urine, what became of all the water she drank to keep her cool in the hottest days of summer.

Peach was embarrassed, but held close to the door, tugging and pulling hardest she could, the door quaking loudly in response, hoping, at least, that the urine would leak out and someone would finally take notice.

Finally, all the urine drained, Peach gave three more heavy pulls before keeling over, panting heavily. Finally, she noticed a small screen with fingerprints. She remembered this panic room wouldn’t open without her or a guard Toad’s fingerprint. Embarrassed, and no longer hoping someone would notice her, she pushed her finger on said screen and the door creaked forward, almost magically.

She walked out, almost running her way back to her room, threw off her soaked summer dress, and changed into one of her many duplicate summer dresses. It was her favorite of the season after all. She made her way back to the foyer, never speaking of what had happened in the panic room.

*001*2023-07-25 21:06

This was made partially with ChatGPT and then edited and added on by myself.

Proof that AI won’t necessarily alone put humans out of a job, but it can help as a tool to provide a template for those who struggle a lot with writer’s block such as myself. For stories, ChatGPT provides the bones and the user adds the meat.

