Roden x Sage/Jaron

Author: BlueBirdNails

*000*2022-05-14 13:48

This is based off of a series(the false prince), but if you haven't read it, basically two boys are sitting in a wagon cart attached to a truck. The adults and one other kid are in a castle (this is based off the medieval ages)

Starting:

I was laying down in the wagon, trying to sleep. But I felt Roden's hand on my crotch. I instantly went red, and tried to move it, but he suddenly squeezed down and I couldn't move his arm. "Roden!"

I looked over. He was asleep. "Damn it..." I muttered. Another squeeze. I moaned. Of course that woke him up.

"What was..that?" He asked sleepily. I pointed at my crotch, blushing. He looked down. Saw his hand. He swiped his hand away. "Sorry..." he said, pink in the face. I nodded. He looked around. "Where is everyone?"

"They're attacking a castle, idiot. They're not gonna come back till tomorrow evening." I pointed at the chains on our legs. They were long enough to move around, but we couldn't get out of the wagon.

"What if we have to pee?" Roden asked. I raised an eyebrow. "Do you have to?" I asked. He clenched his fists. I smiled. He had started it, honestly. Touching me like that. Now it was my turn.

I grabbed his waist. "Hey!" He started, but I cut him off by smashing his lips with mine. His eyes widened. I stared at him and he stared at me as I licked his lips.

He was refusing to let me enter his mouth, so I quickly squeezed his thigh, making him gasp, and giving me the perfect opportunity to slip my tongue in. "Sage-" He muttered through my lips.

"You still have to pee?"

He hesitated, but nodded. I stopped kissing him and grinned. I laid down. He stared at me like I was a mad man.

"Sit on my face, baby." I said simply. Roden's face turned red. "W-what?" He asked.

"Come on, please?" I grinned. He blushed. "You really want me to?" He asked. I nodded instantly, and licked my lips. He was hesitant, but soon stood up and sat on my neck.

"Keep your clothes on, please," I said. "It's hotter that way. He blushed but obeyed. He scooted up so his crotch area was in my mouth.

I licked his pants. He moaned, way louder than necessary. "Tap my thigh when you want me to go." He said. I immediately slapped his thigh, and he smiled.

Soon the delicious taste of piss was in my mouth. Roden was a moaning mess, because I was licking and biting his pants as he peed. He started going more heavy, and I sucked and sucked.

The yellow liquid was spilling everywhere, but it tasted so good. Finally, after about three whole minutes, he whispered, "Um...Done."

He moved off of me and sat criss-cross across from me. I sucked my fingers, which were dripping with pee. "Thanks." I said, smiling. He didn't say anything, just kissed me again. It wasn't like the other time, it was just short and sweet.

I chuckled. "We should do that again some time, hm?"

