The Sandy Series

Author: Melificentfan

*000*2019-05-02 02:10

Sandy Part 1

Evelution of a huge bladder

By:Bubba

Not my Story but its one of my favorite stories

"Sandy, would you like some coffee?"

Sandy looked up from her cluttered desk and politely declined. "Thank you Doreen, but I had better not." Truth be told, Sandy, along with the rest of the crew working on Senator Hazelwood's re-election campaign, could definitely use a caffeine jolt as the day continued past 5:00 into the young hours of the evening. With only a week remaining until the election and early polls showing a near dead-heat between the senator and his vivacious challenger, everyone at Hazelwood's camp was putting in heavy overtime. "Are you sure?" Doreen persisted. "You look like you could really use one." Sandy sighed. "Yeah, I probably could, but I don't like to drink caffeine later in the day. It makes me too jittery, and I, we, cannot afford to lose any sleep tonight!" Doreen, shrugging her shoulders, retreated to the break-room to enjoy some half-day-old java, and Sandy, suppressing a yawn, went back to her paperwork.

@@Sandy had been telling the truth: coffee did make her uppity, at least it did the few times in her life she had indulged, but this was not her main reason for declining her colleague's offer. Certain authorities had told her at a young age, mostly doctors and her parents, to avoid coffee, tea, soda, and chocolate, because caffeinated substances could upset her "condition." At eight years old, Sandy had been on a horseback riding adventure with her parents, when something in the distance spooked Sandy's horse, and she was thrown off as the frightened animal galloped away. Her terrified parents had raced Sandy to the hospital; careful not to move her neck and head from the position in which she had landed. Fearing the worst, Sandy's parents watched in anguish as their daughter lay comatose for three days before regaining consciousness. As bad as the blow was, Sandy was incredibly lucky not to have had any spinal damage or serious head trauma. However, the accident disrupted the functioning of her pituitary gland, leaving her with a condition known as diabetes insipidus, or "water" diabetes. This rare form of diabetes does not affect the pancreas or insulin levels, but rather does not allow much of the water taken into the body to be absorbed, and therefore it passes right out. From the time of the accident up until young adulthood, Sandy's life had been water. There were times when she felt she could never get enough, and her parents would have to pry water bottles away from her just so she could get some air. As a result of her almost non-stop drinking, Sandy needed to use the restroom practically all the time. Her teachers, after speaking with her parents, had been sympathetic to her case, and allowed Sandy to use the bathroom as much as she needed, which could easily be several times an hour. The students at her schools, from elementary through high school, had been kind to her for the most part. Many of them knew Sandy at the time of her accident, and her friends would explain her condition to those that questioned her leaving all the time. Being that kids can be so cruel, Sandy was still not without her fair share of tormenters over the years. One girl in particular, a snotty, well-off brat named Traci, always gave Sandy a very hard time. "Why can't you hold it like me? I never leave to use the restroom," Traci would snicker. She nicknamed Sandy "leaky," even though Sandy never had any accidents, and even went so far as to trip Sandy once as she was walking down a class aisle. More than once, Sandy arrived at home in tears because of Traci's abuse, leaving her mother with the task of consoling her. Despite these instances, Sandy led a normal life and was ultimately a well-adjusted, happy girl.

@@One Saturday afternoon, all of the students in Sandy's class grudgingly gathered to take the PSAT, the practice version of the dreaded Scholastic Assessment Test needed for admissions to most colleges. Sandy had always been a very bright student, and, being a good test taker, was not particularly concerned with the exam. The testing environment was set up to resemble as closely as possible the conditions of the actual SAT test. Sandy's counselors explained that while Sandy would be allowed to use the bathroom without hindrance, an adult escort would be provided to make sure no cheating occurred. In addition, Sandy would not be given additional time to complete the exam, as this was seen by the state as an unfair advantage to the other students. The test contained two sections, math and verbal, and each section was to be completed in two hours, with a 15 minute break scheduled in between. Sandy hadn't realized just how difficult the exam was to be, and, try as she might, she had to leave the class three times per section, costing her valuable time and causing her to finish barely over half of each unit. Once the final bell rang, Sandy lowered her head and began to sob. Her best friend, Alicia, tried to comfort her, but Sandy knew she had done very poorly. Feeling like a victim to her condition for the first time in her life, Sandy spent the evening crying on her mother's shoulder. Sandy's poor mother, not knowing what to do, consulted their family doctor for advice. Since Sandy's disease was so rare and medical professionals were only beginning to learn how to effectively treat DI, he could only recommend that Sandy work on increasing her bladder capacity by letting it fill and performing kegel exercises. Sandy, upon hearing of her doctor's advice, decided to give it a valiant effort. Sandy's bladder was not actually small, in fact it was bigger than average, but simply couldn't cope with the amount of liquid her kidneys were pumping each minute. Drinking less was not an option, because proper hydration was essential for her organs to function correctly. And it would be an extremely difficult ordeal to challenge the state to allow Sandy to take the test without being timed due to the nature of the politics and bureaucracy involved.

Sandy hated the feeling like she was handicapped in some way, and made it her goal to only leave the SAT during the official break.

@@Over the course of the year, Sandy managed to build up her capacity so that she was leaving each class fewer and fewer times. Her teachers commended her for trying to reduce her number of bathroom visits, and Sandy found that it was much easier to keep up with her assignments since she was missing less class. The following summer, Sandy continued her exercises and steadily increased the time between each bathroom trip. Shortly after celebrating her 19th birthday, Sandy was able to last an entire hour without needing to visit the toilet. Once reaching the hour milestone, she was certain she could manage to last two hours by the time the SAT rolled around that October. She treated her kegel exercises like she did her studies, very seriously, with perfection being the only satisfying result. With three weeks remaining until the gruesome exam, Sandy was able to last over two hours without peeing. She practiced on old tests to make sure her need to pee wasn't too much of a distraction, and found that she could just complete a section before her bladder frantically cried for relief. Finally, in late October, the Saturday arrived to take the critical exam. It was a particularly cold morning, and the heating system in the old schoolroom was barely keeping the temperature warm enough to concentrate. At 8:00, the math section of the exam was promptly administered. Sandy made sure she had enough to drink to last until the break, and had downed a liter of water beforehand to make sure she was hydrated enough to perform at her best. By 9:00, Sandy was very much feeling a need to pee. The cold temperature combined with her overall nervousness was playing havoc on her bladder. Fortunately, she was well over halfway done at this point, and could take her time on the remaining questions as well as check over the entire unit before the break. With only 15 minutes remaining, Sandy had finished the test and was almost through double-checking. Feeling like she had done well, she allowed her mind to focus on her now bulging bladder, which felt as full as it ever had in her life. Even though she could have left at that point if she wanted, she felt obligated to live up to the goal she had set early on, which was not to visit the restroom until the official break. After a seemingly eternity, the bell finally rang, signaling that pencils were to be placed down and people were free to leave the room. Sandy and Alicia, also needing to go badly, hobbled to the nearest ladies' room. Having consumed almost three liters of water since the test started, not counting the liter beforehand, Sandi felt as if her eyes were floating and was sure her bladder would explode. Praying for an available stall, she mouthed "thank you" into the sky as she raced into the middle stall of the surprisingly empty restroom. She removed her undergarments quicker than a flash of lightning, seated herself, and released a torrent of pee that she thought the whole school could hear. To Sandy's right, Alicia started her own pee, her small, maxed-out bladder producing a slight stream, which she could barely hear over her friend's monstrous output. After a meager 12 seconds, Alicia finished, breathing a sigh of relief as she re-dressed, flushed the toilet, and left the cubicle. Still hearing Niagara Falls from her friend's stall, she knocked on the door. "You ok, Sandy?" questioned Alicia. "I...I...had to pee" Sandy replied over her deafening stream. "I STILL have to pee!" Truth be told, Sandy didn't even feel as if she was close to finishing this much-needed pee, now going on for close to a minute. As Alicia went to wash up, she noticed Traci enter the restroom and occupy the stall she had just left. The arrogant strawberry-blond 18-year-old more resembled a fashion model than a high-school senior, and unfortunately, she knew it. Praising her large trusty bladder, Traci began to pee a strong stream straight into the water below. She was aware that an even stronger stream was spraying the toilet to her left, but she thought little of it. As the second hand of the clock went aroun

@@d one and a half times, however, Traci couldn't help but pay attention to the incredible noise next to her. Having a bladder as large as she did, Traci was not used to anybody but her peeing for so long, let alone an even more powerful stream. Her friends would always comment on her prodigious bladder when they were together, and would often gather outside of her restroom stall, waiting for her super-long pees to end. Sandy was aware that someone had taken Alicia's former stall, as she could barely hear her new neighbor's pee over her own din-rattling stream. After another 45 seconds, Traci's stream began to lose strength, stopping altogether some 15 seconds later. Traci cleaned up, flushed the toilet, gathered her belongings, and left the stall, only to hear the same violent gushing emanating from the middle stall as when she first arrived. Peeing for two and a half minutes may not have been her best effort, but it was certainly way longer than almost all other girls peed, and she couldn't help but question the mystery middle stall occupant. "Oh my God, who is in there? You've been peeing for, like, ever, and it sounds like a frigging fire hose!" Sandy smiled and blushed simultaneously from inside the stall, recognizing that the voice belonged to Traci, one of the biggest tormenters of her schooling years. Too glorious a moment to pass up, Sandy responded. "Traci? Is that you? It's me, Sandy! Sorry 'bout all the noise. I guess my bladder is just way bigger than yours and takes much longer to empty. Hmmm, I suppose this means you can't make fun of me anymore for having a weak bladder, huh? Unless, of course, you'd like to challenge me to a peeing contest sometime?" Traci, her mouth gaping, stood momentarily in shock from what she had just heard, before leaving the room in a huff. Alicia, who had witnessed the whole event, began laughing hysterically, and Sandy, failing to suppress a smirk, patiently waited another 35 seconds for her bladder to finally finish draining.

Chapter 2: To Pee or Not to pee

@@Sandy's much increased bladder capacity allowed her to earn a remarkable 1430 points out of a possible 1600 on her SATs, permitting her admittance to a top-ranked ivy-league school. Her parents couldn't be prouder, and frankly, Sandy couldn't have been more pleased with herself for conquering her illness. Throughout the remainder of high school and the first two years of college, Sandy rarely missed any class on account of her bladder. There were still some days when her thirst would be too great and she would still need to leave occasionally, but those days were few and far between. She continued working on her kegel exercises, and only visited the toilet when absolutely necessary. Even when bursting, she would still wait patiently in the bathroom line during passing period, gossiping with other students about clothing, boys, and other typical girl-talk, before entering a cubicle and drowning all other sounds with her thunderous urination. Students began to recognize when Sandy was in one of the stalls by the tremendous sound and incredible duration of the urine stream she produced.

Some girls even began to place bets about how long she would pee for, or how many times the stalls to each side of Sandy would turn over before she finished.

Sandy could hear the comments and snickers, even over her own strong flowing stream, and although mildly embarrassed at times, she considered her bladder a point of pride, something that she had worked hard to control, and her massive output demonstrated this fact.

During the latter part of Sandy's 2nd year in college, a new drug entitled DDAVP entered the market for treatment of DI. This drug allowed much consumed water to be absorbed by the body and not simply passed out, and was essentially a godsend for people affected with DI. For the first time in her life, Sandy was drinking slightly less than a liter of water an hour, as opposed to the 3-4 liters that had ruled her past. For once, it was not her that was asking for a bathroom break during road trips or leaving football games to relieve herself. Her capacity granted her several hours without peeing during both day and night, allowing her to sleep better than she ever had in her life.

It was around this time that Sandy had finally chosen a career path in the field of political science, and was accepted to work as an intern for the local congressional office the following summer. It was here that Sandy was introduced to Robert, a returning intern who attended school north of Sandy. Both Robert and Sandy were instantly attracted to one another. Robert admired Sandy's intelligence and was turned on to Sandy's somewhat shy yet witty disposition. As a lover of taller women, Sandy's 5'10" (1.78m) tall stature was also not overlooked by Robert, nor was her ample bosom. Sandy found Robert's sense of humor hysterical, and found herself falling for his charming, yet not arrogant persona.

The two interns began seeing each other on nights and weekends, having typical dinner/movie dates, playing games with friends, cuddling on the porch swing, etc. They simply could not get enough of each other. During one particularly hot summer afternoon, while sipping lemonade by the pool, Robert excused himself for the second time in two hours to use the bathroom. "Damn it! Gotta pee again. Hey, how come you never have to go?" Robert's eyes glanced towards Sandy's nearly empty 2-liter water bottle and half empty glass of lemonade. Sandy tried to avoid the question.

@@Robert shrugged and left the poolside to relieve his tiny bladder, while Sandy was left to ponder the scene that just occurred. Why was she embarrassed to tell him that she had a gigantic bladder? She thought maybe she was afraid of bruising his fragile male ego if he found out that she could pee more in one go than his entire family combined (whom she had heard peeing on more than one occasion), and still have plenty in her bladder to take on her former nemesis Traci in a long-peeing contest. She thought she was probably over-analyzing the situation, perhaps putting too much credence in the introductory psychology class she had just completed, but she came to the conclusion that she did not want to risk their relationship in any way. Things were going too perfectly, and as ridiculous as the whole idea seemed to her, she just didn't know how Robert would cope with her endless pees. So far, she had been able to easily hold her urine while she and Robert were together, which had never been more than a few hours. However, she and Robert had discussed spending the night with one another, and while she desperately wanted to, she knew that she would have to pee at least once in his presence. Once again, she felt that her bladder was dictating her life, although in a much different sense this time around. She realized that she could pee often around him when she didn't need to go, but he had already seen that she was capable of lasting long periods of time without urinating, and she did not want to undo the capacity that she had proudly built up. Knowing how silly of an issue it was that was keeping Sandy from being intimate with Robert only served to drive her crazier.

@@One weekend towards the end of the summer, Sandy met up with her best high school friend, Alicia, and the two both caught-up and reminisced while spending the day swimming and enjoying a meal at their favorite caf� that evening. Alicia's small bladder filled, she headed to the single unisex bathroom in the back of the restaurant when the meal was over. Sandy, feeling the effects of several glasses of lemonade and bottles of water, as well as a large soda which she so rarely allowed herself, followed her friend into the tiny yet clean restroom. Alicia, needing to go quite badly, wasted no time in lowering her panties and spraying a wild stream inside of the toilet. Fifteen seconds later, her short pee had ended, and, after cleaning herself, allowed Sandy to take her place on the commode. The antithesis of Alicia, Sandy's stream started off somewhat weak, yet organized, and built up over the next few seconds to a level of intensity that did not seem possible, cascading into the high water level below and resonating loudly throughout the cramped room. A minute and a half later, Alicia practically yelled "God, Sandy, I forgot just how much you could pee!" Sandy blushed slightly, then, remembering her fears about Robert, decided to broach the subject. "I'm worried about peeing when Robert's around. He's never heard or seen how much I can go." Embarrassed to continue, Sandy forced herself to go on. "I'm afraid he'll think I'm a freak or something and won't want to see me any more." The thought of her not seeing Robert anymore caused her face to fall. Alicia didn't quite know how to react. It seemed absurd for a relationship to end based on one's peeing ability, yet that certainly wasn't a problem she had ever had to deal with, so she couldn't write it off as being completely ridiculous. As a psychology student with an emphasis on relationship counseling, she knew that while she was pretty sure that Robert, if he was at all a decent guy, would not end a romance for something so trivial, the fact that Sandy felt so strongly about it was enough for her to break away from Robert and ultimately end their relationship.

Alicia knew that Sandy didn't have all that much luck with guys, and had never seen her care about a man as much as she did about Robert, so she was determined to help her friend out as best she could. She essentially told Sandy exactly what she had been thinking. "Sandy, if Robert is the kind of guy you believe him to be, do you think he would have a problem with you peeing way more than any racehorse I've ever seen?" Alicia was smiling, forcing Sandy to smile and shake her head. "And, if he did have a problem with something so stupid, would he be the kind of guy you would want to be in a relationship with?"

@@Sandy again shook her head no, but still didn't feel completely comfortable with the whole idea. "But if he dumped me, wouldn't that confirm that I'm some sort of freak"? "Only if YOU believe you are," Alicia replied. "You've worked way too hard in life to place your self-worth in the hands of some guy. If he can't handle some aspect about you, that's his problem, not yours. And vice versa. You wouldn't get rid of him if the situation was reversed, would you?" Sandy tried to imagine the idea of Robert urinating in a urinal for ages, while guys on either side of him came and went. The thought actually turned her on slightly, and she quickly tried to brush the idea out of her mind. "No," Sandy finally replied, "I wouldn't" "Then why expect any less of him"? The last statement finally clicked in Sandy's mind. "I shouldn't" she replied. Sandy suddenly smiled. "Wow, you're going to make a really great therapist someday! Thank you so much!" Sandy started to stand up to give Alicia a hug, but stopped herself as she realized what she was doing there in the first place and indeed, what she was still doing. "Oh, right." Sandy commented, her pee stream mightily pounding the porcelain as evenly as when it started almost four minutes ago. "God, sorry, I'm on here so long sometimes that I forget what I'm doing. When I have to go this bad, sometimes I wonder if I'm ever going to stop!" Sandy blushed again. Alicia smiled broadly and proclaimed, "That certainly makes two of us!"

Chapter 3:Roberts Awakening

@@A week later, with only two weekends remaining before heading back to their respective schools, Sandy informed Robert that she was ready to take their relationship to the next level and spend the night with him. Both Sandy and Robert were extremely nervous yet excited about the idea, as they had both been saving themselves for the right person, and it seemed that their waiting would finally pay off. Robert spared no expense in planning the perfect evening. A quite impressive cook for a college student, he prepared a candlelight dinner of salmon and steamed vegetables, followed by white chocolate mousse for dessert, both served with plenty of punch. Neither Sandy nor Robert was keen on alcohol, Robert because he simply could not stand the taste and Sandy because it would upset her DI. Sandy took notice of Robert leaving the table after dessert was finished to use the facilities. Her own giant bladder, having been emptied before she left for Robert's house, was not feeling full in the least, despite her consuming nearly four large glasses of punch over the course of the two-hour meal. Leaving the dishes to be tended to later, the hopelessly in love couple walked hand-in-hand up the stairs of Robert's guest house, where he had been living during the summer months. Once inside, the two embraced each other passionately, kissing and hugging the way in which only a couple madly in love could do. Removing each other's clothing and throwing themselves on the bed, Sandy allowed Robert to explore every inch of her body, fully aware that her large breasts captured most of his attention. Sandy admired Robert's slim yet toned body, nearly giggling like a schoolgirl when she saw Robert's manhood standing up at attention. The evening together was like a dream, neither one realizing just how wonderful it was to be. Although still somewhat early in the evening, both Sandy and Robert were exhausted from their fervent lovemaking. After relieving himself again in the single, tiny guesthouse bathroom and retrieving a couple of 2-liter bottles of water for his sweetie, the two lovebirds cuddled together, with Robert falling asleep almost instantly. Sandy, downing one of the water bottles as she usually did to stay hydrated through the night, followed suit.

@@During the middle of the night, Sandy was stirred when she felt Robert leave the bed to use the toilet. Feeling thirsty, she pretended to be asleep so that Robert wouldn't feel as if he had awoken her. Crawling back in bed after his usual short pee, Robert kissed Sandy on the cheek and fell asleep quickly, allowing Sandy to down the second bottle of water. Feeling that she had to pee, although not too badly by her standards, she opted to go back to sleep and wait until morning to take care of business. She didn't want to stir Robert by getting out of bed, and moreover, didn't want to take a pee during the middle of the night that her sister, Morgan, had recently remarked could "wake the dead." Over the last couple of years, as Sandy's bladder capacity increased almost exponentially, her mother and sister had good naturedly teased Sandy about her extremely long, very noisy pees, and Sandy had good reason to worry about waking someone when she let loose. The previous summer, during a road trip to visit Yosemite National Park, Sandy had unknowing awoken her mother and sister in their motel room while taking a particularly monstrous pee during the middle of the night. Finally emerging from the toilet, she was greeted with pillows thrown at her face by her disheveled family. It was all in good fun, though. Her family knew that she had worked excruciatingly hard at overcoming her DI, her marathon pees were proof enough to anyone who questioned that fact. Still, it was always an interesting situation for them to go into public restrooms with Sandy. Sandy's mom and sister could take a pretty good pee, longer than most women they knew in fact, but they would nevertheless be finished, hands washed, waiting outside of Sandy's stall, listening to the drone of a very loud, hissing pee that showed no signs of wavering, and indeed seemed like it would go on forever. It was even more remarkable in crowded restrooms, where bursting women would be lined up waiting for available stalls, acutely aware of a furious pee stream emitting from one of the cubicles. Minutes would pass, stalls would turn over, and these same women, now quite relieved, would practically drill holes with their eyes at the same cubicle they heard when they had first entered, its occupant peeing as though she hadn't peed in years. Sandy's mom and sister, waiting patiently, would hear snickers and giggling, as well as see gaping mouths and women staring at their watch, unable to comprehend the amount of time during which this mystery super-bladder girl was peeing.

@@At 10:30 AM the following morning, Robert was finally awoken by a combination of sunlight shining in his eyes and birds chirping just outside the bedroom window. Glancing lovingly at the still sleeping beauty at his side, he carefully exited the bed and headed to the bathroom to relieve his full morning bladder. Finished after a full 30 seconds, a lengthy pee by his standards, he flushed the toilet. The gently swirling of the water and the slight groan of the pipes was enough to awaken Sandy, who sat up in bed with a start. She had been having a vivid pee dream, and was quite thankful that she was still dry. Though she hadn't had an accident in bed since she was quite young, she still worried that she might, especially when she was not in her own surroundings. That fear expelled, she became aware that her bladder was very, very full, and would need to be emptied soon before she really did have an accident. Realizing that she hadn't peed in over 16 hours and recalling all that she had drank in that time, she knew that she was about to take a big pee-an extremely large pee in fact, and the fear about what Robert might think hit her like a ton of bricks. Her morning pees were so huge that sometimes even she was amazed at her capabilities. Forcing herself to dismiss the idea of quickly leaving the guesthouse and finding another toilet, she got out of bed and greeted Robert in the bathroom, who had just finished filling the sink with water. "Good morning dear," Sandy greeted Robert, smiling at her own greeting, which made her feel as if she and Robert were wedded stars in a campy 1950's sitcom. "Morning sweetie" replied Robert, wrapping his arms around Sandy and kissing her forehead. "Did you sleep ok?" "Yes, thanks," said Sandy, glancing longingly at the toilet, her giant bladder crying for relief. "I, uh...need to pee" Sandy said nervously. "Oh, ok, I'll give you some privacy then" replied Robert, starting to leave the confined bathroom. "No, wait" Sandy suddenly proclaimed, probably louder than necessary. "I don't mind going while you're in here, if you don't mind," Sandy stated, feeling more confident with her new plan. She would rather pee in front of Robert and perhaps discuss her amazing peeing ability in person than have him listen, however unintentionally, from outside the door, wondering if she was part camel, pretending later that nothing was at all odd with what he had heard. "No, I don't mind at all," replied Robert, somewhat surprised by her brazenness. Peeing, after all, was generally a private thing. He actually liked the fact that the woman he loved didn't seem concerned about urinating in front of him. Everybody pees, right? While he was splashing water on his face and reaching for his razor, Sandy went ahead and hiked up her oversized nightshirt, lowered her panties, and seated herself on the toilet. Within a couple of seconds, her stream began spraying the water below. Sandy was surprised that she wasn't more pee-shy; after all, she hadn't ever peed in front of a man before (her father didn't count), especially not one she loved so much, but her overfilled bladder wanted relief far too much to care. Her unified stream gained strength, building and building, her urine shooting out of her faster and faster, until the hiss that she was making as her pee grazed her labia was just as loud as the incredible stream hammering the water below. Closing her eyes, Sandy sighed slightly, her relief finally under way. Robert, his face now lathered, forced himself to stare straight ahead at the mirror, trying, but failing, to ignore the amazing noise that his girlfriend was making simply from peeing. He had heard a few women pee before. For a time in high school, his father had been laid-off from his corporate job, and the family had been forced to live in a modest, single bathroom home. Having two sisters, one being a fraternal twin, the other slightly older, he had heard them pee quite a number of times in the shared family bathroom. But their combined streams couldn't produce even close to the noise that Sandy's was

@@making. Applying the razor to his unshaven face, he heard Sandy ask over the sound of her immense stream "so, what do you have planned for today?" "Not too sure," replied Robert. "I need to get my mom a birthday present, and I really should register online for fall classes." "Yeah, me too," replied Sandy. "I always hate going through that process. At least this year I am guaranteed to be in my required political science classes." "Yeah, me too" replied Robert, aware that the mega-decibel pee stream to his left was still going on strongly. "Hey," Sandy said, "Maybe I could help you pick out a gift for your mom?" "Sure thing," replied Robert. "I could always use a woman's touch." The restroom then took on a conversational silence, the sound of Sandy's pouring urine filling the small area. Robert shaved, Sandy peed, until Robert, completing his task, replaced the razor and drained the basin. Not knowing what to do, Robert took in the situation that was unfolding in front of his eyes. Not only was Sandy peeing way louder than anyone, male or female, he had ever witnessed, but she was also peeing much longer as well, and showed absolutely no signs of stopping anytime soon. He had never timed how long it took him to shave, but he thought it had to be more than two minutes. "Wow, you really had to go, huh?" Robert stated, surprising himself with his blunt comment. "Yeah" Sandy replied, almost in a dazed manner. "Sometimes my pees take a while to finish." She didn't really know what to say next, but, feeling as though she hadn't even dented her mighty bladder, felt that it was time to spill her guts. "No, that's not true...all of my pees take a long time to end...a really, really long time." Robert stared at her in amazement at what was just revealed to him, but before he could question her, she went into a detailed monologue about her past history, an area that Robert had tried to bring up before, but which Sandy had been reluctant to discuss. Sandy explained it all: the horseback riding accident, the DI, the SATs, her new medication, all the while her pee flowing from her loins, her stream rising and falling in perfect rhythm with her breathing. She even told him that she didn't want to pee during the middle of the night for fear of waking him up, recalling the incident with her mom and sister in the motel, which he wouldn't have believed to be possible if he wasn't personally hearing her furious output in its full glory. Her story concluded, her pee everything but, Robert felt himself become aroused, seemingly without explanation, his penis extending as far as he had ever felt before. "Well, well, well, what do we have here?" questioned Sandy, her eyes staring at Robert's crotch, an impish smile spreading across her face. "I...I don't know" replied Robert, slightly embarrassed by his reaction, but feeling more turned on than he ever had in his life. "It's just that...I keep thinking you must finish at any time, but there's always more!" Sandy blushed, her cheeks turning quite red. This certainly wasn't the first time she had shocked someone with her endless peeing, but it was the first time, at least that she was aware of, that she had excited someone simply by doing what came so naturally to her. "Oh, there's much, so much more to come," Sandy retorted, purposefully pushing her stream out so hard that she actually felt splash back. Sandy had been worried about Robert's reaction to her endless deluge, afraid that he might label her a freak, but hadn't ever considered the possibility that he would be turned on by such a display. Remembering her own reaction to the image she held of Robert peeing forever, she was suddenly surprised that she hadn't thought about this type of response before. But then again, how was she to know that endless peeing would also turn on other people? She had thought she was weird in that aspect, but the evidence clearly showed that Robert felt the same way. Perhaps they were in the minority. Maybe it was fate that had introduced her to Robert. In the end, it didn't matter. She loved him, and he love

@@d her more than ever. Glancing up at the tiny wall clock, Robert suddenly yelled, "My God Sandy, you've been peeing for over seven minutes!" Looking down at her own spewing urine, feeling her urethra being filled with a practically endless supply, Sandy calmly retorted "yeah, I had a feeling this one might last a while. Do you have a book I could read? Perhaps the bible, King James version if you don't mind?" Sandy, of course, was joking, although there were times when she felt like she could make it through Genesis before finishing a big pee, but the effect on Robert was not lost: he was visibly shaking, about to collapse from excitement. "I think," said Sandy, gently pulling Robert to his knees, "that this is the start of a beautiful relationship." She leaned in to kiss him, her pee stream splashing the porcelain with the changing of her position, and the two locked lips, incapable of even imagining their experiences yet to come.

Chapter 4: A Pee to remember

@@Glancing at the elegant gold watch her parents had given her as a commencement gift (a newer car, she felt, would have been much more appreciated), Sandy was surprised to see that another hour had past. Looking up out the far window of the 17th floor, she was also not expecting night to have overtaken the day so quickly. Daylight savings time had been implemented only the previous weekend, and she, like most everyone else, was still adjusting. Honestly, the night did not appear much different from the just-ended day, which had been overrun with ominous clouds, destroying any chance of sunlight heating their quaint city beyond the freezing point. On a clear day, it was possible to see as far as 35 miles from the observation deck of their building, dubbed the "skyscraper on the prairie." This, however, certainly was not the case on this November day, where a light snow had been falling off and on, the wind blowing such that one would surely suffer from hypothermia if not protected by layer upon layer of clothing. No, Bismarck, North Dakota was not a setting Sandy would have ever expected to call home, but here she was, grinning and bearing a full day of constant freezing temperatures, the first of many, and wishing that such a job opportunity had opened up in a more climate-friendly state. Still, despite the weather, Sandy was quite happy with her new environment, and more importantly, was finally granted the opportunity to participate in a honest-to-goodness political campaign. After she and Robert were married the summer following their college graduation, both newlyweds had trouble finding careers in their fields, and had spent the next three years bouncing around jobs in a recessed economy, kissing up to superiors in the fields of marketing, sales, and customer service, working positions in which they were underpaid, under appreciated, and most importantly, did not feel passionately about. Therefore, when Sandy's former internship manager informed her that Senator Hazelwood's re-election camp was interested in hiring her to fill a newly opened position, she practically accepted the offer on the spot, knowing Robert would fully support such a move. By springtime, Sandy and Robert acquired a cozy two-bedroom apartment near the state capitol, and Robert was able to land a job in the local congressional office, which he thoroughly enjoyed. Life was good- hectic at the moment for both Sandy and Robert, but much better than it had been a year previously, and worth the absence of days where sitting by the poolside and patio dinners were feasible.

@@Despite the later hour, Sandy had no plans to leave her cubicle anytime soon. Her desk was piled with unopened letters from concerned voters, and her job was to ensure that each letter was answered in a professional yet personal manner, either addressing their concerns with the senator's four-year master plan where applicable, or thanking the would-be supporter for bringing a new issue to the senator's attention, promising to consider solutions and implementing the one providing the greatest benefit to the most people. Born and raised in the sparsely populated state, Bill Hazelwood had a very real connection with the people, and Sandy felt better knowing that the incumbent senator was genuinely interested in their concerns. With the race as tight as it was, every single vote counted in this 1992 election year, making Sandy's job that much more important to the senator's success, and ultimately determining her own. Sandy busily worked away, only slightly aware that the sound of wind could be heard screaming even from inside the enclosed area. She paid more heed, however, to the messages being sent by her throbbing bladder, signaling, as voluminous as it was, that it was near maximum capacity, and quite understandably so. Normally, Sandy only peed twice a day, once in the morning after she awoke and once in the evening a couple of hours before bed. Abiding by this schedule, Sandy ensured that she would not have to urinate at her work, which suited her just fine. However, Sandy had overslept on this day, largely due to her having a late night the previous evening, and was forced to forgo her morning pee in order to catch her carpool. Despite having not peed since the night before, Sandy had not visited the capitol's restroom throughout the entire day, nor did she have plans to do so, a remarkable feat considering the numerous water bottles littering her trashcan, their life-giving liquid consumed and existing in the vastness of Sandy's gargantuan bladder. It was one thing to pee endlessly in the privacy of her own home or even in the role she won as "restroom celebrity" in her college dorm community bathroom, but Sandy wasn't anxious to show off her unique peeing talents to her fellow coworkers. Pissing forever just didn't seem professional to Sandy, and although she couldn't really explain why she felt this way, she had no desire to become the butt of office gossip, which, she had unfortunately discovered, ran rampant throughout the adult office world nearly as badly as in junior high schools across the nation. She could almost imagine the conversations in her mind: "Have you ladies ever been in the restroom when Sandy is peeing?" "Oh my God! Yes! She must pee gallons at a time! And that stream! I have seen elephants let go at the zoo, and Sandy puts them to shame without even trying." "Ladies, I went in the bathroom once to have a, um, number 2 shall we say, which you know can take quite a while, and that fire hydrant was going the entire time I was in there. I wanted to see just how long she would go, but you can only wash your hands for so long before becoming suspicious. So I waited outside the bathroom, and do mean waited, for her to finally come out. Good gracious, I could cook an entire meal in the time it takes her to empty that mammoth bladder of hers." "You mean she actually DOES finish at some point? I had no idea." No, Sandy was content to keep such comments at bay. Besides, by saving her urine, she ensured some truly fantastic releases for Robert, who had come to worship Sandy's mighty bladder, leading to unforgettable sexual episodes. If Sandy had dug a little deeper within her mind, perhaps she would have realized that her magnificent peeing had become a prime sexual focal point for not only Robert, but herself as well, and mixing erotic thoughts into a professional environment was generally not a good idea, hence her apprehension about peeing at the office.

@@Sandy's attention was suddenly diverted to a ringing bell, and she looked up to see her manager, Kendra, standing in the middle of the room, waiting for each person's full attention. One of the few African-American females in Bismarck's mostly Anglo population, Kendra had been a strong supporter of Senator Hazelwood since he first entered politics. Satisfied that she had the floor, Kendra began her announcement. "The National Weather Service has issued a winter storm warning until midnight. It's going to get pretty nasty outside real soon. I would like for everyone to please go ahead and leave. I appreciate the hard work everyone has been putting in, but nothing is worth risking our safety, not even an election. Thank you." Kendra then went over to Sandy's cubicle to speak with her. "If it's ok with you, Sandy, I would like to finish a few things up here before we leave. I think it will be all right since we only have a short way to go." "Sure thing," Sandy replied, finding it ironic that Kendra was defying her own words spoken just a few seconds ago, yet glad to have some more time to continue her work. She, Kendra, and Doreen, the intern, all lived in the same apartment complex, and carpooled to and from work, alternating cars each week. Even if Sandy had wanted to leave, Kendra was driving this week, and demanding to be taken home immediately would not have been one of Sandy's wiser career decisions.

@@After another 45 minutes, with another three letters completed and snow now falling down in earnest, the trio of women made their move to exit the building. At close to 7:00 in the evening, with wintry weather more than knocking on its doors, the capitol was void of all but a few brave, perhaps foolish souls. Kendra pressed the down arrow button on the elevator, and the three waited impatiently for it to make the journey to their high-level floor. All three women were glad to be leaving, exhausted from putting in more than a full day, but satisfied with their outcome. If the election was lost, at least no one at the camp could claim the defeat resulted from a lack of effort. Sandy was especially glad to be going home, excited to see Robert, who should have left his office well before the storm hit. She imagined Robert would be anticipating her arrival, and she thought briefly about his delicious reaction to the especially huge pee she would take upon arriving. The doors finally opening, the three stepped on the practically silent modern elevator, which began its descent once the doors had closed and the "L" button had been pressed. Only a few seconds had passed before the three women felt the elevator abruptly halt and simultaneously witness the main cabin lights flicker off, replaced the next second with a dim emergency lighting system powered by the buildings low-wattage backup generator. Sandy, Kendra, and Doreen stood in silence for a brief while, taking in the situation, before Kendra exclaimed agitatedly "What the hell? Why did we stop?" This certainly was the question on their minds, but none had any answers, at least not any that could be proven within the confines of the now cell-like surroundings. Well before the days of cellular phones, the only means they had to communicate with the outside world was through the emergency call button, which would signal the fire department of their plight. "We should be out of here soon enough," Doreen said, trying to brighten the mood, but Sandy was a bit more of a realist than the perpetually optimistic Doreen. With the storm getting worse and worse, the priorities of the fire department would be to help stranded motorists, which would no doubt be plentiful, especially as swiftly as the storm had overtaken the city. A stuck gas-heated elevator, Sandy reasoned, would have to wait. She imagined their situation was caused by a power failure, and not by an elevator breakdown, simply because of the way the emergency lights clicked on as soon as they stopped. Leaning back against the carpeted walls of her jail, Sandy let out a barely audible sigh and closed her eyes. She hoped she was wrong about having to wait long. She really needed a pee.

@@An hour and a half later, Sandy realized that her initial thoughts had been correct. With still no communication from would-be rescuers, the trio had taken their seats on the surprisingly comfortable carpet of their new home, Sandy's long legs stretched out almost at the doors' edge. The three women had said little, and Doreen's mood had visibly deteriorated. Sandy thought that she saw her squirm a couple of times. "How long do you think we'll be trapped in here?" Doreen suddenly piped up. Sandy and Kendra shook their heads that they didn't know. "I hope not too much longer," Doreen continued unabatedly. "I shouldn't have had that coffee earlier. I really gotta pee." Sandy nodded, empathizing with the intern. Doreen was usually visiting the restroom every couple of hours. Her bladder, while only containing a drop in the proverbial bucket compared to Sandy's, was full, and Sandy, more than anybody, understood what that felt like. "Me too," replied Kendra, shifting her position on the elevator's floor. "I haven't been since lunchtime. Everything has been so hectic." "Geez, I could have never lasted that long, I'm always having to go." Replied Doreen, silently cursing her miniscule bladder. "Hey, Sandy, when did you last use the restroom?" She asked, not remembering Sandy's leaving her seat all day. "Oh, a while ago" Sandy said, avoiding the question yet certainly not lying. It had been a while ago, almost 24 hours by her watch, yet her trained bladder was holding on. Unfortunately, while Sandy could control her bladder for hours on end, her thirst still consumed her, not nearly as badly as in her youth, but enough that she was forced to remove one of the few emergency water bottles from her purse. "Wow, Sandy," Doreen spoke up again. "You are always drinking water, yet I never see you go to the bathroom. Your control must be excellent." "Yeah, I suppose so" Sandy lazily replied, thinking that while her control was definitely exceptional, it helped to have a bladder the size of a Yugo.

@@After another hour and a half, though, Sandy was really questioning her ability to hold on. Doreen was in visible pain. Sandy had offered to let her use one of her water bottles, which she thought she could make useable by cutting the top off to allow for a wider opening, but Doreen was saving such measures for a last resort. Sandy would have liked to use one herself, but she would need more like ten to gain relief, and the pressure of her stream would surely splash back out of the bottle. Kendra was feeling the effects of a very full bladder as well, but moreover, she felt responsible for putting the other two women in this predicament. "I am so, so sorry about this," remarked Kendra. Sandy and Doreen didn't blame Kendra for their predicament; if anything, they admired her work ethic and dedication, which they wasted no time in telling her. "Still," replied Doreen, feeling a bit better and greatly appreciated, "if you need to just pee in the elevator, I will take responsibility for it and have it cleaned up." Sandy imagined herself peeing and peeing in the elevator, amusingly thinking that she couldn't possibly do so because none of the women were equipped with scuba gear. Despite the jokes she made in her mind, Sandy realized that she needed to pee extremely badly, worse in her adult life than she had ever remembered it. She couldn't fathom how much her bladder was holding, but she knew the figure had to be astronomical. "So much for not peeing at work," Sandy thought to herself. She would have given almost anything for a toilet to open up so that she wasn't forced into flooding the elevator with her endless reservoir. Praying for a miracle, Sandy pulled her knees to her chest, assuming a sitting fetal position, trying to take some of the pressure off of her incredibly distended bladder.

@@Twenty minutes later, it seemed that all hope had been lost, and the women had resigned themselves to the inevitable. Kendra was practically doubled over, her own urgency increasing greatly at a rapid rate. Sandy was fighting with all her might, but felt that she was ultimately losing the battle. Over the last two hours, her bladder had reached new levels of urgency, filling greater than it ever had, perhaps greater than any other human being was capable of, yet her healthy kidneys were relentless in their quest to continue pumping liquid. She fought back a couple of severe spasms, yet she could not bring herself to let go just yet...there was just too much to consider. Her gallons of urine would probably ruin the carpet, and she respected Kendra too much to put her through that kind of scenario. Her urine would no doubt seep underneath the doors and fall either to the floor below, whichever one that was, or down the elevator shaft, creating a whole new mess for someone to deal with. Finally, she didn't want Kendra and Doreen to have to be exposed to that kind of messy situation, for there was no telling how much longer they would be incarcerated. After the carpet had soaked up all that it could, she guesstimated there would still be a couple of inches of urine completely covering the floor. They would have to stand the entire time to save their clothes, and would be forced to deal with the smell until they were finally rescued. Sandy didn't think her urine had much odor to it, because the amount of water she consumed made it mostly clear, but with such a quantity pouring out in a very confined area, she didn't want to take the risk. No, as long as she had an ounce of strength, Sandy would fight until the bitter end, putting her years of bladder endurance training through its most difficult challenge ever. "SHIT!" Sandy's thoughts were broken at the sound of Doreen's agitated expletive. "Quick, give me the bottle!" Sandy looked up to see Doreen in a half squat position, pushing her crotch with both hands using all her might, trying to avoid disgracing herself and knowing that she had reached her small bladder's absolute limit. Just as Sandy was handing Doreen the modified water bottle, its top removed just in case of such an emergency, the three women felt the elevator lurch and begin moving downward, at the same time seeing the main cabin lights click back on. "Good lord, the power's back!" exclaimed an excited Kendra, thinking of the lobby bathroom that lay just around the corner. "Oh God, oh God," Doreen was muttering to herself, trying to find strength to last just a bit longer, her dress hiked in preparation for her release. Sandy mouthed a silent "thank you" into the sky, fully intending to make good use of the building's facilities. "4...3...2..." The women were almost counting out loud as the descending elevator's LED panel lit up, the women's relief nearing closer and closer with each passed floor. "DING!" The elevator finally stopped, signaling it had reached its destination, and the two seconds it took for the doors to open was perhaps the longest in each woman's life. Wanting to sprint, but at best achieving a fast hobble, the women made their way to the bathroom conveniently containing three stalls, as if the restroom's designer had anticipated such a day. Plowing through the door first was Doreen, closely followed by Kendra, with Sandy at her heels. Knowing the unwritten restroom etiquette rule for this type of situation, Doreen made her way to the far-ended handicapped stall, with Kendra taking the middle and Sandy practically knocking the door off of the stall closest to the sinks. The desperate women began relieving themselves in the order they arrived. Doreen re-hiked her dress and snatched down her panties, her splatter starting before she was even fully seated. A split second later, Kendra's skirt was raised, her panties lowered, and she allowed her strong, hissing stream to completely engulf her with ecstasy. Thankful that she was wearing a skirt herself, Sandy followed Kendra's example and began he

@@r usual unified stream straight into the water below, which built and built as it typically did to where it was by far the loudest stream in the bathroom, indeed the strongest most women had ever heard. "Ahhhh" Sandy moaned aloud, not caring about anything except the relief she would finally get. Kendra responded with an "Amen" and Doreen stated, "I'll second that." The three women peed in silence, verbal silence at least, for the next forty seconds. Never in the history of the capitol's lobby bathroom had so much hissing noise been made and so much urine expelled in that amount of time before, and indeed would probably never happen again. Doreen was particularly proud that she had held on, and the length of her urine stream showed as much. She was usually all peed out in less than 15 seconds, and even when seemingly bursting, she had never delivered more than 25 seconds worth of urine in one go. Now, only after 45 seconds was her pee beginning to taper off, coming to a finally conclusion a few seconds later. Sighing, she began to tear off paper, only now realizing the immensity of the streams she was hearing to her right. What amazed her was that even though Kendra was in the cubicle next to her, peeing a strong stream in her own right, she heard Sandy's stream more clearly, which must have been spraying out with a force she could only dream of achieving. Flushing the toilet and exiting the cubicle, Doreen stood with her back against the wall, facing the stalls of the two still strongly peeing women. If this was a dual, Doreen thought, Sandy would clearly be the victor. "Girl, I hope you're feet aren't tired, 'cause I still got some peein' ahead of me," Kendra brazenly said to Doreen, who laughed at the remark. "I don't know, Kendra...it sounds like Sandy's gonna give you a run for your money," replied Doreen. "If you only knew," thought Sandy, whose bladder felt even fuller than when she first started peeing 60 seconds ago. She knew that she could stop after a couple of minutes, a very long pee by most anyone else's standards, and save the enormous quantity of urine still remaining for her loving husband, but the feeling of relief she was experiencing after being so incredibly desperate was practically orgasmic, nearly indescribable, and Sandy had every intention of prolonging the sensation as long as possible. There would be no cutting this pee short, and from the signals being sent from Sandy's bladder, she would be seated on the toilet for a long time, an unbelievably long time indeed. If the Guinness book had peeing records, Sandy was certain that this pee would win all of them.

@@"Mmmm...this feels so good." Sandy's thoughts were echoed by Kendra's statement. "I'm glad that I still have some company in here," Kendra continued over the flow of her pee stream. "Sometimes when I wait too long, I just can't seem to stop going." Sandy was almost dumbstruck for what to say next. She was somewhat surprised that Kendra would bring up the forbidden topic of peeing, viewed as such a private event by most women, yet Kendra was never known not to speak her mind, a quality which Sandy both admired and respected. "Yeah, I know what you mean," Sandy replied, knowing all too well exactly what she meant. "Obviously!" exclaimed Doreen, still waiting for the urinating women to complete their task. She was aware that Kendra had a fairly large bladder, having heard some of her peeing escapades at the office before, but what she was hearing with Sandy was unique. Never before had she heard a woman pee as hard as Sandy and sustain the stream for so long. "Sandy, if you don't mind me saying so, I don't know how you waited so long...I mean, it sounds like you're gonna break the toilet in there and you've been at it for quite a while now!" Doreen's statement of fact ended just as Kendra's stream came to an abrupt halt, lowering the decibel level in the room only slightly. The pipes carrying her significant output away, Kendra joined her colleague on the wall, waiting for their third member to finish urinating, the mounting duration of Sandy's pee not lost on either of them. "I'll say this," Kendra stated, "not too many women completely outshine me in the bathroom when I am as full as I was." "Uh, thanks," Sandy almost apprehensively replied. Then, beefing up her bravery, she added, "I hope you guys don't mind waiting...Like Kendra said, when I'm really full, sometimes I just can't stop urinating. I got a ways to go I'm afraid." Bewildered at such a response and thinking she couldn't possibly be serious- especially considering how much Sandy had already urinated, Kendra and Doreen laughed nervously, simultaneously listening to the incessant spray emanating from the far stall. As Sandy's urine stream continued, its pulse relentless, its intensity extreme, its source seemingly endless, the women began to believe Sandy's claim, yet with each passing second, thought that she must finish at any moment. But this was not to be. As the minutes ticked by, Sandy's pee surpassed the impressive, silly, and even ridiculously long stages, and still she urinated, unwavering in her quest, her bladder showing its true magnitude. Hearing nothing from her workmates, Sandy felt obligated to speak, almost feeling the need to apologize for spending so much more time of an already overlong day. "Sorry I'm taking so long guys. I was really desperate to go, I guess." Kendra, trying to take in the circumstances she was witnessing, was at a loss for words, a first for her it seemed. After a while, Doreen finally responded. "My God Sandy...how can you still be...?" Doreen asked, almost in a whisper. "Uh-oh," Sandy thought, realizing that she was putting her friends into shock with her non-stop urination. She had been told by her college girlfriends that her pees were hypnotic to the point where one could go crazy waiting for them to end, similar to the beating of the old man's hideous heart in Poe's famous literary work, so she was not too surprised by the reaction they were experiencing. Reaching up to unlatch the stall door, Sandy's unexpected move had the effect of breaking their trance. "I thought I had lost you two," Sandy exclaimed, a smile spreading over her face. "I'm sorry Sandy," Doreen said, embarrassed of her reaction to the simple act of another person's urinating. "It's just that, well...I've never heard..." Doreen trailed off, her gaze fixed on the inch-wide stream shooting from Sandy's loins, its sound even louder with no door to hinder its progression. "Me neither," Kendra spoke up, unable to explain her own pleasurable feelings, yet enjoying them just the same. "I'm not surprised," Sandy retorted, feeling that she had to explain he

@@rself. "I've never met anyone who can go as much as me either. What can I say? I have an enormous bladder, and I wasn't kidding when I said it was full." Kendra and Doreen certainly did not object to this statement, unable to comprehend how much Sandy's bladder was capable of holding. Sandy went on to explain the story of how her great organ came to be, all the while pee pouring into the commode. Noticing the significant water level of Sandy's toilet, Kendra was grateful that Sandy had waited to use the toilet instead of going on the elevator. She wasn't sure she could have explained how such a mess was created with any degree of believability, as she certainly wouldn't have bought such a story if she weren't witnessing such a monstrous peeing event for herself. "Wait, Sandy...you said that you hadn't peed in 'a while' on the elevator." Kendra's curiosity was overwhelming her. "Just exactly how long is a while for you?" "Uh, last night?" Sandy replied innocently, almost questioning herself on how she managed to hold her urine so long. Doreen's mouth fell open, but Kendra was there to ask the immediate question that formed in her mind. "And you said you drink about a liter or so of water every hour?" "Mmmm hmmm," Sandy nodded, "maybe half of that when I'm sleeping." Doreen was quick on the calculation, but quickly shook her head at the figure she came to. "No, it can't be possible...that would mean you've drank 20 liters of water in over 24 hours WITHOUT peeing." Yet Doreen knew from what she was hearing that it was indeed possible...unfathomable indeed, but her senses told her it was true. As if to accentuate the truth of the situation, Sandy bored down on her gigantic bladder, sending an ungodly powerful stream straight into the water below. "I'm sorry...what was that? You'll have to speak up," Sandy was smiling, her action understood by her stunned teammates, who suddenly broke out into a fit of laughter, causing Sandy to do the same, her pee stream shooting wildly into the bowl as her abdominal muscles broke their concentration of the task they began over eight minutes ago. "Whoa, calm down" Kendra said amidst her giggles. "If we want to leave here anytime soon, we had better let Sandy get back to work. With that, Sandy's stream built back up, and she leaned against the back of the toilet, sighing contently. Peeing out a full bladder felt so good, and she was blessed with the ability to experience this feeling for so much longer than other women. It almost didn't seem fair. After another minute, Sandy felt that she had finally reached her "slow-down" stage, which would last much longer and produce a stronger stream than most women were capable of when bursting, yet signaled that at least the end was within sight. "Not too much longer now," Sandy explained hopefully to her colleagues. "Ah, take your time girl," Kendra replied, eyeing her watch bug-eyed and not believing how many minutes they had spent in the bathroom. At long last, Sandy's unified pee stream faltered, and she dribbled for the next few seconds, coming to a final conclusion after peeing for 10 minutes, 34 seconds. Sandy reached for some toilet paper, and Kendra remarked "what, that's it?" "Yeah, Sandy...I thought you said you had to pee?" Doreen joined in, broad smiles forming over both their faces. "Ha ha, go ahead, make fun you guys!" Sandy good-naturedly replied, all too familiar with such comments from her family. As Sandy washed her hands, Kendra quipped from behind "Hey Sandy, you ever hear of those urine charged batteries?" "Uh-huh," Sandy replied uneasily, drying her hands and not sure where this joke at her expense was headed. "Well, I was thinking Bismarck could use some local power competition..." Kendra couldn't even finish her witty remark without cracking up, and was soon joined by Doreen. Even Sandy was amused by that one- she had to give Kendra props for originality, but that didn't stop Sandy from lightly punching her in the shoulder in mock protest. Leaving the confines of the restroom, the women were elated that the storm outside had

@@slowed down some, enough to where they thought they could drive safely to their apartment complex. Entering the automobile, the women began their journey home, listening to the radio announcer's explanation about the jackass drunk who slid on the ice and slammed into the electrical lines, knocking out power to most of the city. Kendra had another thought. "Don't worry...if the roads are still bad, we'll just have Sandy pee from the hood and melt the snow as we go." More laughter ensued. Sandy sighed, thinking what a bunch of comedians she worked with, yet she was content, relieved in more ways than one. As she entered her apartment, Sandy was almost bombarded by Robert, who had been worried at her absence for the past few hours. "Oh, thank God you're ok. I was so worried...why are you so late?" Robert questioned. "Sorry, sweetie," Sandy replied, kissing Robert on the lips, a mischievous smile spreading across her face. "I had to pee."

*002*2019-05-02 19:19

It is a great story

