Pee drama

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2017-03-17 22:14

"Oh god I hate math". Sixteen year-old Alexis Canaan thought to herself as she struggled with yet another question on her Geometry test. She continued to attempt to write away with her pencil as she desperately tried to work. She had never viewed herself as stupid, but she also never viewed herself as smart. Due to her mix of decent intelligence and decent looks, she was neither part of the cool clique or the nerds of the school. She had a group who remained roughly in the middle, away from the drama of the populars and the bullying of the nerds. She twirled her curly light brown hair on her finger as she attempted to find the angles of a triangle.

Her struggle was interrupted as she noticed someone with an even worse predicament. Samantha Parker, the head of the "cool clique" and the most popular girl in the grade was wiggling in her seat and tightly gripping her crotch in her skirt, showing she was horribly desperate to pee. Unlike Alexis, Sam was not even remotely intelligent and was probably doing far worse than Alexis. Mr. Crofft refused to allow anyone to use the restroom during his class, and everyone knew much better than to ask, let alone during a test.

"Oh no." Alexis thought to herself. Watching Sam bust made her start to feel a sensation in her own bladder. "No, no, no" She immediately began to regret watching Sam's desperation as she soon was developing desperation of her own. She slid a hand to her crotch and unzipped her jeans.

"Shit, shit!" She heard Sam loudly whispering to herself across the room.

"That's basically the same thing I'm thinking right now" Alexis decided to put her full effort back into her test to distract herself from the growing need down below. She managed to struggle her way to the end of the test with ten minutes still left in class, leaving herself to try and hold for ten minutes straight. She tried to restrain from wiggling or crying out because she attempted to hold a good image in the school. Sam on the other hand, could care less if people saw her holding as she viewed herself as better than all them anyway.

Finally the bell rang and the two bursting girls both sprang up and left the classroom. The heels of Alexis's red ankle boots clacked on the floor as she marched her way to the bathroom. Not surprisingly, Sam had run off to make a bigger deal of her predicament and laugh about it with her friends. "At least I get to pee." Alexis joked to herself abut her lack of competition. However, upon arrival to the bathroom she realized she was exactly wrong. Every stall was filled and she was left tapping her feet for an agonizing two minutes.

As pee pressed on her urethra, she could failure approaching. "Oh god please no" There would most certainly be no returning from the humiliation of having towalk around in wet blue jeans, and she was determined to avoid that. A flush finally came from the furthest stall and Alexis finally breathed a sigh as relief as the girl exited. However, the bathroom door opened right as Alexis was about to close the stall door and Sam came bursting in.

"Canaan stop Im leaking!"

"I really have to pee too Sam.. I.. I.." She attempted to stall, but she knew better than to mess with the self-proclaimed queen of the Tenth grade.

"I don't care Canaan, so let me go or ahhh!" Sam leaking into her panties and skirt. "Get the fuck out of my way bitch!" Alexis ran the stall and let Sam through, who dribbling constantly in her underwear as she closed the stall door.

"I'm not gonna have time to pee." She looked down at her phone to see only one minute remained until class. "Time to go learn about dead people"

Alexis barely made it too history class before the bell rang, ready to go with a long forty-five minute class and a full bladder. She could take some comfort in knowing she had lunch after that class meaning plenty of time to pee, the only issue was making it too class. She hadn't leaked yet but she was trying not to jinx herself.

"Please pass this paper back when you get it, this paper will outline this whole chapter so don't lose it please." Mrs. Carson spoke in her usual monotone voice. Alexis received the paper from the girl in front of her and took her own copy of "Chapter 9: The Russian Revolution full outline" Her overflowing bladder spasmed and forced her hands straight to her crotch.

"People have to be looking at me for sure." Alexis had no choice but to begin full on pee dancing in her seat. The class dragged on and her body begged for mercy. She looked at the clock, the minute seemed to not even be moving.

When there was only ten minutes left, Alexis removed her hands from her crotch for a few seconds to push her hair off her face, and almost instantly a small amount of pee escaped her urethra and soaked into her panties.

"Oh my gawd, oh my gawd" She said in a very quiet voice, catching the attention of a few people around her. She could feel her end coming, pee was flowing out, she closed her eyes and started to pee but was interrupted by the bell ringing. She cupped her hands to her crotch and cut it off. Her panties were soaked and she had a small wet spot the size of a penny. She quickly grabbed her things and headed out of the classroom.

To her luck, the girls bathroom for the floor she was on was locked, and she would be forced to wait until she got up the stairs to finally relieve herself. Every step she took was pure agony as she barely managed her way upstairs. She was ready to storm in and pee at least but the bathroom upstairs was the same as before, Locked shut.

"I can't believe I'm actually gonna pee my pants" She thought to herself as she pee danced in place in front of the bathroom door. At last she decided to go to the lunchroom and take her chances. In the lunchroom she heard a few girls complaining about the locked bathrooms. "Yeah you sure got it bad" The girl thought to herself. She sat down at her table, her friends blabbing on about something she didn't care about.

"If anyone wants to go outside you better go now cause there is limited seats at the outdoor tables!" Boomed the principal as she opened the door from the cafeteria.

"Outside... that's it" She grabbed her bag and began to walk alongside the people outside.

"Where are you going?"

"To take care of business" Her business, specifically. She got outside and she headed around the corner to the back of the school. She was right under the security camera in its blind spot, and was basically ready to burst. She ripped and her jeans and at last let loose. "Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh" She moaned under the relief. After almost two minutes straight of peeing, she could barely stand up as she shook with relief. "Finally"

"Damnit!" Samantha Parker watched the girl she had dubbed "the bitch that made me wet my panties" come around the corner from the cool clique table outside. She had gotten her friends to lock the bathroom in hopes of making Alexis pee her pants. "This isn't over Canaan..." She said to herself. "This isn't over..."

