Yuri!! On ice (Yurio omo) (Yurio x Otabek)

Author: BlueBirdNails

*000*2022-08-01 00:21

Yurio POV:

This is shitty.

I'm wearing a diaper.

I performed Welcome to Madness with one. The pants I was wearing were normal and not tight, so it wasn't noticeable. See, last time I ice-skated in a competition, while trained by Viktor, Afterwards I kinda, maybe, pissed myself. So now my grandpa's making me wear stupid fucking diapers.

I had to pee during the performance, but made it through. Even if it was urgent, which it wasn't, I was scared if I peed it would leak. So I didn't.

But as I was walking with Otabek to go eat, I suddenly went rigid. I mean, yeah, I could piss myself right there, but he'd find out, or hear it, or it could leak. Instead I excused myself to go to the restroom. "Aww, come on, there's a party going on, and I'm sure Yuri and Viktor'd want you to be there." He said.

"I don't give two shits about what they think." I snapped.

"Dude, please, just go there. It's only an hour away, I'll drive."

I hesitated. "Fine." I guess if it got too bad I could just go. But it wasn't even that bad yet, so...

"Awesome! Come on." He directed me to his car and I followed. I got in the passenger side while he cranked the music up. Good, I thought. If I pee he won't hear.

Otabek smiled. "So, what's up with you?"

"What do you mean? I'm an ice-dancer-duhh."

He laughed. "Just checking to make sure you weren't quitting."

"Not anytime soon." I assured him, earning me another chuckle. It made my heart pound against my chest. Wait. What?

After 15 minutes my bladder issue started getting more urgent. But not enough to say anything, so it was fine. But after another five, I said, "Hey, uh, how much longer?"

"Hmm? Oh, like 40 minutes, heh. You still need to piss? I can pull over if you want."

"No, I'm fine."

"Okay, whatever you say."

After another ten minutes I couldn't stay still. "Hey, I'll pull over. There's a gas-station in about 20 minutes-"

"I can't wait that long." I muttered.

"Dude, why didn't you let me pull over ten minutes ago?"

"It's embarrassing!" I barked, my face flushed. "It's fine. You don't have to pull over."

"What? But you just said-"

"I'm wearing dmmmpp...."

"What?"

"I-I'm wearing a d-diaper."

"YOU'RE WHAT?!" He nearly crashed the car. "Hey!" I snapped. "It's not that big a deal! I-"

"What do you mean? Kinky much?"

"It's not like that!" I shouted, now holding my crotch. "I peed my pants once and my grandpa makes me wear them now."

"Damn, harsh dude."

"Not really. He just didn't want me to get embarrassed," I paused, looking at him. "It didn't work."

He shrugged. "Well, if you've got one on...Should I still stop later? So you can put on a new one?"

"I won't need to put on a new one, idiot! It's a thing I only have during competition!" He laughed. "Okay, okay...But to be safe, maybe you should put another one on..."

"Why?!" I yelled.

"Because, we're probably gonna get drunk, and then you'd be full of fluids and not able to process things."

I huffed. "Fine. Pull over later, I don't ca-" I was cut off by a short spurt of piss escaping.

"Dude just let it out, I won't pay attention." Otabek said.

"No." I hissed. It was too embarrassing.

"Dude. Would you rather piss your pants in a gas station in front of strangers or in front of me?" I gulped. "O-okay fine."

He nodded and looked to the road.

My bladder erupted as soon as he looked away. I removed my hands and just stared down at my shaky thighs. I'd used a diaper before, but never in front of someone.

It felt good. Both the relief and the feeling of warm pee against my legs. It took everything in me not to moan. Piss kept coming, put soon I felt it dampen something other than the diaper.

"I'm fucking leaking." I muttered.

"What?" Otabek asked, concerned.

"I'M FUCKING LEAKING." My eyes filled with tears of shame.

"It's fine, don't cry-Just take your pants off. Keep the diaper on, of course, but take off your pants. So you don't ruin them and I still won't be able to see anything you don't want me to. Okay, Yuri?"

I wiped my eyes. "F-fine." I croaked. I quickly discarded my belt and then, hesitantly, my pants. Otabek kept an eye on the road.

I bit my lip as more pee came. "I'm going to ruin your seat." I said.

"I'll get a new one."

I huffed and looked out the window, my legs curled up to my chest. The diaper was completely useless at this point, I was just peeing on his seat. I kept thinking I was done, but I wasn't. I peed for another 2 minutes.

Two fingers were on my crotch to angle my dick down through the cotton. I tried to pee on the floor instead of the seat as best as I could, but in the end they were both soaked.

"Done..." I muttered shakily.

"Okay, we'll be at the gas station in 15 minutes."

~After 15 minutes~

I had put my pants back on and Otabek let me tie his jacket around my waist. I grabbed my backpack and we headed inside.

The gas station only had two people, aside from the cashiers, in it, and both were girls. It was a one person bathroom, so at least no one would be in there. But then I had a horrible realization.

"Uh-O-Otabek?"

"Yeah?"

"Uhh..." I couldn't fucking put them on by myself. I gulped. "Do...Do you need help putting them on?" He asked.

I sniffed, about to cry again.

"Shit, Yuri, don't-It's fine, I'll help."

"Really?"

"Sure."

So we walked in together and he said, "I'll try not to look the best I can, okay?" I nodded.

I sat on the sink counter-top and blushed, handing him my bag. He locked the door and pulled out the diaper. I was looking down, at anything but him.

"I can't put it on you like that." He said. He glanced at the baby changing station.

"I am not laying on that thing." I snapped. I still had a little pride left.

"Okay, it's just going to be hard." Otabek said, shrugging. I hesitated. "...Fine."

With no other words exchanged, I got up and he followed. I sat on the...Baby-changing station awkwardly. I only weighed about 90 lbs, so I wasn't going to break it or anything, it was just so...EMBARRASSING. I flipped my legs around and laid down fully, covering my face with my hand. Otabek sighed and pulled my pants down.

My face was super warm. "I'm gonna do it, ok?"

"Yeah." I muttered.

Slowly he pulled the diaper down, trying to look anywhere but at my member. He pulled it off, crumpled it up, and threw it away. I could hear him undoing the other one. I looked up, blushing miserably.

"L-lift." Otabek said. My face grew even hotter as I unwillingly lifted my ass so he could slide the diaper under. He pulled the front up and stuck the sides.

"There. Done." He moved back slightly, letting me get up to put my pants back on. "T-thanks..." I said, covering my face.

"It's fine."

~Later at the party~

Yeah. Otabek was right. I got drunk. I was currently sitting next to him at a booth, glancing at Yuri and Viktor (both also drunk) dryly flirting with each other.

He snickered. "How much you wanna bet they'll fuck?"

"Oh, they will." I said definitely.

He smiled and laid back against the seat. "Have to pee yet?"

"Yeah." I admitted.

He smirked, and grabbed my waist, moving me to his lap. "Okayyy...Just do it."

I normally would have shoved him off and ran away. But I was drunk. And gay. And he was hot. And also gay.

I peed.

It was so much less-shameful. This time I actually enjoyed it, moaning as he grinded against me. It didn't take long for me to leak again, but neither of us cared. I groaned again, rubbing my chest against his. He held me by the ass. After maybe 20 more seconds, I stopped, and leaned back against the table. There was a small little puddle of pee in our laps. Otabek smirked.

"I dare you to drink it."

I obeyed. He kept his legs crossed as I slid under the table and moved my head near his lap. He widened his legs and I stuck my mouth in. quickly gulping it down. I sucked his dampened pants, making him groan slightly. "Okay, okay." He said. "Let's not get too ahead of ourselves."

I nodded.

Otabek moved me back into his lap and eventually I fell asleep.

I woke up in the back seat of a car. He was next to me, holding me head to his shoulder. "I got an uber," He explained. I nodded, and drifted back to sleep. But first I asked, "Wait, are you taking me back to your house?"

"Yep."

"Can I sleep there?"

"Yeah."

"Okay..."

~End~


