I’m Sorry Professor

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2022-04-15 13:37

Miss Benedict stood in front of the projector, her fine body in full view on my eyes. Some people might consider it inappropriate to check out their college professor. But what can I do with a woman this attractive?

Miss Benedict was in her late twenties, probably about six or seven years older than me. She had glasses and a soft voice, so I figured she was probably a nerdy girl in high school who had grown into a very sexy woman.

It was nearing the end of class, and I couldn’t quite concentrate on the elaborate math problem being done on the board. My bladder was pretty full, due to me waking up late and not having time to make a bathroom visit. I had thrown on sweatpants and a sweatshirt and called it a day. If it wasn’t the middle of class I would grab my dick to try to ease the pain. What 20-year old guy pees his pants? Or at least who pees his pants sober.

I try to distract myself by looking at Miss Benedict’s fine ass in her dress pants. I’d do anything to see her with those off.

I grit my teeth as another wave of pain comes from my bladder. Thank god there’s only two minutes left.

I try to write down the end of the math problem. The answer is (x-2)(x-2). What the hell does that mean? Maybe if I had paid attention I would have known. Oh well.

“Alright class is finished for the day. If anyone has any questions you can ask now otherwise you are free to go.” Miss Benedict says. I quickly pack my things and get ready to beeline to the men’s restroom.

Suddenly, I hear my name called from the front of the room. “Can I speak with you please.” Miss Benedict says as everyone else piles out the room.

“Y-yeah ofcourse.” I hobble my way to the front of the classroom, my bladder ready to burst.

Once everyone had fully left she started to talk.

“You weren’t paying attention today. Nor did you turn in your homework. It seems your effort in this class is nonexistent.”

“I’m really sorry. Can I please just-“

“I’m not finished yet. If this continues you will fail my class. Do you really want that to happen? You know you aren’t in high school anymore. This is for real. Unless you’re just some little boy.”

Well that was pretty insulting. It was also strange to hear out of a professors mouth.

“I promise I can do better. Please Professor can I just go-.”

“I’m afraid I don’t believe you. I think you need some motivation.” She stood up from her desk and starting walking towards me. She pushed up her glasses from her nose like on of those old teachers.

“I’m afraid you’ve been very naughty. And naughty little boys have to be punished.” She said as her hand reached down and grabbed my cock through my sweatpants.

“Oh god.” I moaned out. I wasn’t sure if it was from pleasure or pain. My cock was erect but I still had to piss so bad.

“The little boy has to peepee so bad. But naughty little boys don’t get to go peepee.” She said as she squeezed my cock more.

Before I could moan again she leaned in and kissed me on the lips. At the same time her hand stroked the front my pants. My cock was absolutely throbbing. Nonetheless I knew I needed to go now. My bladder was basically out of time.

“Please let me go to the bathroom.” I managed to ask through my moans. Her hand still moving up and down the front of my sweatpants the whole time.

“The naughty little boy has to beg to use the bathroom. Say the words. Tell me your naughty little boy who has to peepee real bad.”

“I’ve been a naughty little boy. And I gotta go peepee real bad. I’m gonna wet myself.”

“Wet yourself like a what.” Miss Benedict had a sadistic grin across her face.

“Wet myself like a little boy.”

“You’re a naughty little boy who is gonna peepee in his pants. Maybe if you paid attention in class this wouldn’t have happened.” She leaned in and kiss me again. She pushed back her black curls as her head went in for the peck.

“Alright. I’ll let the little boy go.” She pulled her hand back and motioned towards the classroom door. I reached down and grabbed my cock and hobbled my way to the door, hand between my legs the whole time. My dick was still fully erect this whole time.

I didn’t realize I had been played. The door was locked. I couldn’t get out the classroom. There was no escape.

“Oh I forgot. You’ll be needing these.” I turned around to see her holding the classroom keys in her hand. The doors auto locked five minutes after class ended.

“Pl-please unlock the door Miss Benedict.”

“Or else what?”

“Or else I’ll pee myself like a little boy.” I could tell from her expression she certainly enjoyed hearing that.

“Alright, here I come.” She walked over, her high heeled ankle boots loudly clomping on the floor.

I grabbed my cock and squeezed hard. She walked over as slowly as she could, stopping to check her watch at one point.

“My next class isn’t for an hour. No naughty little boys in that class.” She said as she laughed.

I should’ve predicted what would happen next. When she reached me she held out the keys as if to give them to me, but as soon as I took one of my hands off my crotch to grab she took them away.

“Please I don’t have much longer.”

“Aww. Now I feel bad. I don’t want the little boy to peepee in his pants.” She reached her hand for my cock again, pushing my hands aside. Against my own judgement I accepted. Her hand moved up and down and up and down my crotch area, which had a small wet spot at this point, although I didn’t know what had caused the wet spot.

“This reminds me of when I peepeed in my own pants in college. I was a shy little girl. So afraid of the big professor and this place that looked so different from high school. My history professor was going on and on and poor little me was squirming in my seat, trying so hard to contain my little bladder. The professor was talking about Romans. You know they’re aqueducts? Transported so much water. Can you believe they managed to move all that water.” Her hands never stopped during her monologue.

“But listening to him describe at that water. All of that liquid just flowing and flowing. Oh it was too much for poor young Miss Benedict. I peed all over like a little girl. Do you know what that feels like? To go pee so much in your pees like a little child? When you just have to peepee so bad but professor can’t let you go because naughty boys don’t get to go. The only way to make up for being naughty is to just release.”

And my body did as she said. My light gray sweatpants started turning darker as my body finally let go. Pretty sure I came first, and then immediately after followed by the warmness spraying down my legs. The streams of urine ran down my sweatpants and into my Vans sneakers. I couldn’t help but moan as I felt the relief pour over me, followed by pure and utter humiliation.

Miss Benedict looked at me. And leaned in as if to kiss me but I moved first, grabbing her shoulder and pulling her in. It lasted about ten seconds before she pulled away. She unlocked the door and looked at me. “Better run along now. Don’t want anyone to see you went in your pants.”

I sprinted to my dorm as fast as I could. I don’t know if anyone saw me. Later that day I looked at my math grade to see I now had a A in that class.

*002*2022-04-21 05:27

{{On 4/16/2022 at 5:57 PM, rfthawne said:

I really liked this. Would prefer to know a little bit more about what Ms. Benedict was wearing to aid in visualizing, but it was very well written. Hopefully there will be a part 2!

}}

I am very glad you liked it

*004*2022-04-23 18:12

{{7 hours ago, Scalar said:

You should do a follow up of maybe the prof having to pee and the student getting revenge

}}

I’ve considered such but I’m not sure what power he would have to be able to do so

*006*2022-04-29 03:52

{{On 4/23/2022 at 3:40 PM, wether said:

Maybe he can stay for a few minutes after a lesson to ask some questions, and the classroom is closed by someone. Or he can close the door himself and throw a key away through a window. Or he might say "please explain me again because I don't understand" again and again until it's too late for her to be in time in the toilet...

}}

Hmmm I’ll do something to do with the keys I suppose

*007*2022-04-29 21:54

So this was a bit different than I originally planned.

———————————————

Miss Benedict was looking fine as usual today. Wearing a white shirt covered in underneath a tan suit with the buttons open, as well as a half thigh length black skirt and pantyhose combined with some pump heels. The perfect outfit for her to wear while I concocted my plan.

My mind had wondered if the events of two weeks ago had actually taken place. With her kind demeanor and personality, her sadistic torture seemed so out of place. I could remember the feeling of my wet sweatpants sticking to me as I sprinted to my room, but it just felt so surreal.

Out of everyone, why did she do it to me? Has she ever done it to anyone else? I never paid enough attention to see if she called for anyone else to stay after class. Would she do it to a girl?

I pushed away my thoughts as class was ending. I had my plan thought out. I had arrived extra early, which probably aroused some suspicion as I was usually late or just on time. Nevertheless I was ready to do what I had to do. By the front of the classroom there was an outlet where we could plug in our phone. It was very low to the ground and usually it was occupied, but today I got to it first. My phone didn’t actually need charge of course, but it helped to set things up better.

I had stopped at the stores nearby and gotten some diuretics. Conveniently enough she had left her coffee mug on her desk when I had first got there, and while she was talking to another professor I managed to get one in.

Finally class was coming to a close. When everyone was leaving I would enact my plan. Now came the next part. Going as a cop for Halloween had its benefits. Having a pair of authentic handcuffs was going to come very much in handy.

“Goodbye everyone, have a nice day!” Miss Benedict put on her kindest voice. She sounded like a totally different person than the one I was humiliated by. Knowing I see through her phony act would make revenge all that sweeter.

As everyone piled out I made my way to the front of class. She didn’t even notice, standing by her desk and look at her computer. I bent down and pulled my plug from the wall before looking back to see everyone had left.

The opportunity laid itself before me. If I was gonna do my plan it had to be now. I slipped the pair of handcuffs from my sleeve and attached one end the leg of the desk. The metal poll was almost perfectly sized. I took the other end and went for her leg, putting it tight around her ankle. By the time she felt it was too late.

“What the hell are you doing?” She said in a voice that was a mix of fear and anger.

“Payback.” I stood up and looked her in the eyes. She was about my height thanks to her boots. I grabbed her laptop and closed it up.

“What-you’ll be expelled for this.“

“Who on Earth will believe this? And I could just tell them what you did to me.”

“What are you gonna do, keep me here? I don’t teach class for another three hours. She desperately tugged on her leg but she was cuffed tight.”

“Don’t worry, it won’t be that long.” I couldn’t help but smile. The beautiful professor was mine now. She wasn’t gonna get away with what she did to me. It had been an hour since she drank that diuretic. Mixed with caffeine it had to have done a number in her bladder already.

I decided to take ahold of her laptop and put on a nice video, that of the sounds of a waterfall running for an hour straight. Her hands were down in her skirt holding her crotch so she couldn’t do much to stop me from playing it.

“Dawww, the young professor trying to prove herself to her bosses gonna wet herself like a little girl?” I said with bliss as she danced in place. I moved the laptop away so she couldn’t reach it. Her phone was also out of reach over in her purse in the far side of the desk.

“Look at you all, all dressed up. Thinking you’re a big girl. But you aren’t. You’re just a little girl trying to be big.” I couldn’t believe my eyes. This woman in her late twenties openly pee dancing right in front of me. Albeit one of her legs couldn’t move very much.

She rubbed her hands down her thighs and moaned.

“I need to go. Please.” She looked at me with sad eyes. For the first time I felt guilty.

“I can’t.” Even through her begging I had to stay firm. She wasn’t leaving this room with dry legs.

“Maybe I can, convince you.” She lifted her hand off her crotch and grabbed mine, feeling my cock through my jeans. I turned rock hard instantly.

In her bent down state I could see her ass sticking out from her skirt. It should be illegal for a teacher to be this sexy.

“Come on, let me get a kiss.” She said to me. She put her hand on my shoulder and pulled me in. Suddenly she was in control, but I was totally okay with it.

We started kissing and I reached my hand down to her bladder. I could fell it through the top of her skirt. I gave it a squeeze and she moaned as we kissed.

I started kissing her harder, pushing her against the wall. Her hand went behind my head, pulling me in. Her leg looked a bit silly, extended out past me like she was kicking since it was still cuffed to the desk.

“I’m gonna pee in my skirt like a little girl.” She whispered in my ear. I couldn’t hold back anymore. I came where I was.

She looked at me and smiled. “You gonna let me go now?” She asked, aware I had just busted.

“Ofcourse not.” I pushed down on her bladder. Pee come pouring out, running down her pantyhose clad legs and into her pumps.

“Looks like little missy didn’t make it.” I said as she just kept on peeing and peeing.

“Ohhh god.” She said as the stream finally came to a close. There was a puddle on the floor. Her pantyhose were stuck to her legs. I unlocked the cuffs from her ankle and she gave me another kiss on the cheek.

“You’re my favorite student I ever had. How about a 100 on the final exam?” She said.

“I would like that quite a bit.” She took off her suit jacket and wrapped it around her legs.

“Now you get to walk home with everyone seeing you wet.” I said, a smile forming on my face.

“Yeah, yeah get out of here before I change my mind and you get an F.”

I headed home and decided to study for my other classes. I never had to show up to Math Class again. I got an automatic 100 on every assignment the rest of the semester. I never saw Miss Benedict again.

