Persona 5-A splash in the pool

Author: Bob222

*000*2024-10-24 06:17

This was meant to be a lot shorter then it ended up being

Kirijo group water park-2PM

Makoto: “ok everyone, make sure to be safe, and keep sunscreen on” the phantom thieves had just arrived at the Kirijo produced water park in Japan. It was the middle of summer and they decided to spend their time having fun for the day.

Ann had already left to visit the stores selling cotton candy, with Morgana right behind her, claiming he had to protect her from guys trying to hit on her in her bikini. Ryuji headed for the lazy river. Makoto and Haru were setting up the foldable chairs and Yusuke was analysing the area to find a suitable vision for his next art piece.

The other members seemed busy with their activities, which gave Akira and Futaba time to visit the water slides together. Futaba still wasn’t fully used to wearing such a revealing outfit in public, but being there with Akira made her feel a lot safer.

Futaba: “I've researched all the water slides in this park and I've found the best ones for us to visit”. Futaba prioritised choosing rides with shorter lines so they could avoid waiting and avoid crowds.

Akira: “heh, well i’m glad at least one of us prepared…you know, i’m surprised you stuck with a bikini instead of a one piece swimsuit”.

Futaba: “a what?”

Akira: “a one piece swimsuit…do you not know what that is?”

Futaba: “I thought those were only normal for schools, that's what Ann said!”

Akira: “what, no, look there’s a group of people wearing them, hell haru’s wearing one.”

Futaba: “i thought she wore it cause it was a rich person thing, god i feel stupid”.

Akira: “hey, not your fault you don’t go out much and last beach we visited you barely focused on the other people”.

Futaba relaxed after hearing this, questioning whether she should invest in a one piece swimsuit for future beach and pool visits.

Futaba: “goddammit Ann, she owes me like 20 tit pics to make up for it.”

The two of them decided to leave the situation behind for now and focused on the rides. They went down several of the smaller rides as they tended to lack customers, which was good for Futaba.

After meeting back up with the group they decided to have a break to eat. Sojiro had made them some curry in the morning, he put it in containers to ensure it’d stay warm. The other phantom thieves had stuck to bringing their own food. The food itself was good, though Futaba thought Sojiro may have made it a bit spicy, her bland taste buds didn’t react well to it.

Futaba: “Jesus, did Sojiro put a pepper in there, this is spicy”

Akira: “really? I can’t taste it.”

Haru: “i think Futaba just isn’t very used to spicy food is all.”

Makoto: “you know Futaba, you should really watch your diet, I assume Akira’s been making sure your eating well.”

Akira: “Oh I have, a diet of mostly noodles isn’t exactly the best thing for her after all.”

Futaba: “hey!” the group laughed at her outburst. Futaba knew they meant well and didn’t take it to heart.

The group finished their food and went back to their activities, this was when Futaba noticed that the biggest slide was closing soon and practically dragged Akira over to it.

Akira: “something up?”

Futaba: “yeah, this is the only two person ride and it’s closing soon, I want to go on it with you” Futaba lightly blushed at the thought, Akira went along with it.

As they made it to the start of the line, an employee came over to close the gate, informing the other customers that the ride needed to close sooner than the others and that only those in line would be allowed on, thankfully, the two of them made it on time.

Futaba: “...that was too close”

Akira: “yeah, hope you can be patient, this line is pretty long” the two of them looked onward to see that the line was almost full, fortunately, this ride sent people down fairly fast.

As the two of them stood there waiting, Futaba felt an odd feeling in her stomach, perhaps her body wasn’t reacting well to the spicy curry, but she felt the need to go to the bathroom arise, it wasn’t too intense so she could easily wait.

After 20 minutes had passed, they were close to the top of the ride. Unfortunately, this was when the need to go hit Futaba like a truck. Her body was rejecting the food and was trying to get it out of her ass immediately.

Futaba: “ah…oh god” she whispered to herself.

Akira: “you ok?”

Futaba: “no not really, shouldn’t have eaten that curry i need the toilet”.

Akira: “oh, think you can hold it?”

Futaba: “I hope so, but it’s starting to escape” just as she said that, the people in front of her went and they got the greenlight to go. As the lifeguard pulled up the floatie for them to sit in, the floatie had two spots for people to sit in with handles on the side for support, they also lacked a bottom covering which meant going down the slide would cause the water to hit the riders ass and back.

Futaba felt the turd push against her ass. It was coming soon.

Futaba: “Akira, i can’t hold it, it’s gonna come out”

Akira: “shit uh, just hold it until we go down the ride and make a sprint for the bathroom”. He replied as the two of them sat in the floatie.

Futaba: “no really I don’t think-ahhh!” She was cut off as they got pushed down by the lifeguard.

As the two of them went down the ride, Futaba was clenching her body with all her might, however, it was all for naught.

Futaba: “nononononono” the shit started coming out of her, she closed her eyes to try and pretend like it wasn’t happening, which was when she felt a hand grab her ass.

Akira had reached over, Futaba thought he was doing it to support her, to help her through the embarrassment of pooping herself, when suddenly he grabbed the side of her bikini bottoms and pulled them down.

Futaba: “wa-wait what are you-kyaaaa!” she tried to speak out but got cut off as she felt the shit starting to flood out of her. Futaba was lucky that the curry had caused it to be mostly liquid as it began getting lost in the water. The stream of poop began to calm down as the two of them got close to the end, which was when Futaba began fiddling with her bikini to cover up.

Unfortunately, the ride had come to the end, and the constant moving from the both of them had meant that they didn’t slowly drift into the pool and instead aggressively splashed into it.

As Futaba was getting her mind back after going dizzy from the impact, she realised she was under the water, at the same time she also felt a hand grab her and pull her away from the slide. It was Akira who was pulling her.

When they got behind the slide they ensured no one was nearby as they emerged from under the water.

Futaba: “gasp, that was close, almost drowned there”.

Akira: “yeah, sorry about that, only thing i could think to do before someone realised that-” he got cut off by a child’s yelling.

Child: “ewww, mommy look someone pooped in the water”.

Mother: “ugh, do people have no standards in this place” they both said as they walked away from the area.

Akira: “yeah that” Futaba’s droppings must have fallen out of the slide shortly after they got away.

Futaba: “oh thank god, thank you that was too close, although, did you really need to pull my pants off”.

Akira: “hey, you accepted your fate in there, but I didn’t, it was all I could do”.

The two of them laughed off the situation now that they were safe, the situation was quite ridiculous after all. Futaba went to get out of the pool while Akira waited behind her, when suddenly, Futaba had begun to get out of the pool and Akira was face to face with her vagina. Futaba must have not noticed in the panic of the situation that she wasn’t wearing any, and that they must have gotten lost.

Akira pulled her back down into the water before anyone else could see and told her the situation. Futaba was confused until she looked down and blushed deeply.

Futaba: “ah shit, how didn’t i notice where are they” she looked around in a panic, only to see her bikini pants floating in the water, if she went to grab them people would notice, and Akira would look suspicious grabbing a girls bikini pants. Plus, people would likely realise the pantless girl in the pool was the one who had just shit in there.

As the two of them looked for a solution, Akira noticed one, behind the ride was a fence which they could climb over and sneak into the woods just behind the water park, from there they could sneak back to their hotel room. It was the specialty of the Phantom Thieves.

Akira explained the plan to Futaba, who reluctantly agreed to it, the attention to the poop in the water had meant a crowd had formed, which also meant they were safe to do this: “I really owe you” she said.

The two of them got out the water and quickly ran over to the fence, Futaba reached up to pull herself over as Akira lifted her up. While doing so, Akira got yet another face to face with her privates.

Akira: “i’ll never get used to seeing this”

Futaba: “heh, well consider my debt repaid” she said while smirking.

Futaba finished getting over the fence and snuck behind a bush as Akira climbed over. The two of them snuck into the woods while Akira ensured no one could see them.

While walking through the woods, Futaba noticed Akira’s very unsubtle glances at her rear end.

Futaba: “man you just can’t keep your eyes off me”

Akira: “heh, well with what just happened i thought i should keep an eye on it for you, make sure nothing else is coming out”

Futaba: “your banking on it aren’t you, well sorry to say but everything was left back there in the pool…tell ya what, if i gotta pee on the way back, i’ll let you watch, consider it thanks for helping”

Akira: “ya know, i’m not some degenerate who needs to see it every chance he gets.”

Futaba: “but do you wanna see it though?”

Akira: “......”

Futaba: “thought as much.”

The two of them continued to talk about mundane stuff as they approached the hotel, which they thankfully snuck into without being caught.

