A wet night (part 1)

Author: Babedut123

*000*2018-07-12 20:27

Caitlyn, Riley and Elisabeth were enjoying their average movie night with lots of fizzy drinks and fastfood. They were watching the new avengers in Elisabeth’s room, while they were home alone. After about an hour Elisabeth and Riley began to become desperate, but neither of them said anything because the movie was to exciting. As time went by and the desperation grew both girls started to wiggle.

Shortly after the wiggle started, Caitlyn made a hilarious comment about the Movie which made all of them laugh. Suddenly Riley stopped laughing and grabbed her crouch.

“I think I leaked into my Panties” she said, as she showed the other the wet spot.

“same” said Elisabeth and showed hers.

“Damn it, I feel so left out since im the only one who have not peed myself” said Caitlyn.

“well what’s going to stop you” Riley added

“well I am pretty desperate, I just have a stronger bladder than you 2” Caitlyn responded “but I give it a try” she said giggling as she stood op. she closed her eyes and tried to relax and soon enough, a wet patch showed on her shorts. It grew and grew and urine started to run down her legs and soak the carpet beneath her. She couldn’t stop.

“Caitlin you didn’t have to go all the way, you only needed to do a small spurt like us” Riley said giggling

“well since the carpet is already wet, I might as well… ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh” said Elisabeth as she emptied the remains of her bladder

“your turn Cai….oh nevermind” Caitlin was already in the middle of a wetting before Elisabeth could finish her sentence.

After the movie, before the girls went to sleep Elisabeth “borrowed” 3 diapers from her little sister’s room, so they could continue the fun overnight. They agreed that none of them were allowed to use the bathroom, unless they had to poop. However, they had to completely empty their bladder into their nappy before they could go.

Part 2 comming up later

