The Secret Life Of A Teacher

Author: Batman007

*000*2021-07-10 08:09

It was very early in the morning probably around 2-3 AM, Tracy O’Brian lay fast asleep in her bed naked. Tracy is a school teacher at the local high school, she taught gym class and was the most beautiful woman out of all the other female teachers. She was 28 years old, which made her the youngest teacher in school, but among the students they really liked her and enjoyed her lessons the most. For so long she kept a secret from the other teachers and her students that she had a wetting fetish.

Her alarm went off, it’s 2:30 AM her regular waking time, nowhere near to 8:30 when school starts. She shifted her body to turn off her alarm and noticed how badly she needed to pee. O’Brian jumped out of her bed and walked to the bathroom, she opened the door and immediately sat down on the toilet, letting out her golden stream. She was heavily breathing as hot golden urine shot out of her urethra and hit the toilet bowl with such ease and felt amazing to let go.

Tracy walked to the kitchen after her pee brake and started cooking breakfast - bacon and eggs just like always. After cooking and eating her breakfast, Tracy opens the door to the backyard and walks out in the pitch black sky. She hops on the steps to her massive treehouse and proceeds to climb up the steps, when she arrives at the front door of the treehouse she opens it and switches the lights on.

A tall wooden bucket stands off centre to the door, she walks straight to the bucket after shutting the door. As she draws nearer to the bucket, you can make out what’s inside it - brown mushy blobs peering out of it. She squats over the bucket and waits for a while..... A few minutes later she starts forcefully defecating into the bucket making another brown mess into that wooden toilet.

When she is done she returns to her house to have a shower and to get dressed. It’s now 3:08 AM as she’s about to get into the shower and by the time she gets out it’s 3:18. She dries herself off after her shower as she walks back to her room where she gets dressed. Obviously not properly as she puts on an old pair of white panties, restarts her alarm to 6:00 and goes back to sleep.

She restarts her normal routine of turning off the alarm and waking up, but this time she gets dressed and puts on her Nike tracksuit with no bra, but wearing thong underneath. She now walks downstairs and sits down to watch TV before she has to drive to school at 7:30. She shortly falls asleep missing most of the news and wakes up an hour later, it’s now 7:00 and she starts getting ready to leave after making a cup of coffee. By now Tracy O’Brian is now in her car about to ride off to her work to teach the wonderful boys and girls.

To Be Continued...

