Desperation Dungeon - A Multi-Part Story of Extreme Desperation - Page 12

Author: Bulge_Lover

*275*2018-03-23 06:07

Now that the thread's died down, I feel like a good final post for me here would be a bit of a roadmap of what I'll be working on in the future.

First, let me state that Desperation Dungeon is NOT over. I've built a world with infinite potential, and I'd be a fool to let that go to waste. However, this particular part of the story in this particular thread is indeed over. Emma is at home, and it's time for a new woman to experience this place. I can give no timeframe of when the next story may be written, only that it will be.

Before that though, I'm going to be remastering Desperation Dungeon, fixing (hopefully) all typos, errors, and improving any parts that don't really match up to the rest, quality-wise. I often write while I'm super desperate myself, and doing so kind of tanks the quality of my writing since I'm so distracted. Any issues caused by that will be sorted out. There might also be new parts added, but such parts will not have any impact on the story as a whole, so people who don't read said remastered version won't miss anything important when they read the eventual sequel.

Aside from this, like I've stated before, I've been working on an absolutely massive, very unique project on-and-off for well over a year now. I've only been writing like...a page a week up until now because all my real writing time was going into Dungeon, but now that this is on a proper hiatus, I'm going to lay into said project until it's complete. I'd say it's about half way there, but if I focus on it, we're looking at somewhere between a month or two - Maybe faster if I really get into it. Please note, however, that I am a huge, shameful flake and nothing I say here should be taken seriously. Much like with the next Desperation Dungeon, it WILL happen, but I can't say exactly when.

Aside from these two huge things, I'm planning to revisit Lunambra at some point. Some people here might not be aware of the Lunambra Anthology, new members especially. If not, I'd recommend giving them a look: They're my first huge effort into Omorashi fiction, and while altogether sloppier than Dungeon, it's still a very long, detailed, and passionate story. Here's a link:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed2940165431" scrolling="no" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" style="height:184px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/blogs/blog/519-the-lunambra-anthology/?do=embed"

Obviously, scroll down and start with Book One.

I never did write parts 2 and 3 of Dreams, and that's something that has a lot of potential. My problem with it is that I set the scale to pretty ridiculous levels, and I need to find a way to keep in line with that while also keeping the desperation down-to-earth and consistent within that universe.

Those are all my (current) big projects, but there's always the chance of me writing short stories or fan fiction, as I've been known to do. I certainly want to revisit Full on the Firefly and get Inara and Saffron done, and I could write any number of other things between all of this.

So, in short, I have a lot planned, and I hope you all enjoy whatever I come out with in the future. That's gonna be my last word here in this thread, so thank you so much, all of you! If anyone has any questions about Dungeon or would just like to discuss it, feel free to PM me, I'm always up for a chat. Have a great day or night, whenever you read this, and you'll all see me soon enough.

Thanks,

B.L.

