Alejandro x Tyler

Author: BlueBirdNails

*000*2022-07-01 19:52

Tyler was sitting in his high-school classroom waiting for the class to finish. His friends were talking to their girlfriends. No, he didn't have a girlfriend. No one knew it yet, but he was gay.

Tyler was suddenly hit with a realization: He had to pee. He looked around and then and the clock. 30 minutes left. He could probably last that long...

After 10 minutes he realized how badly he needed to go. Taking a deep breath, he put a hand to his crotch and sighed. He managed to make it through class, but as soon as he got up he leaked and dampened his underwear. Gulping, he walked out of the classroom along with everyone else, and headed to the bathroom. When he got there he wanted to cry.

There was a long line piled up in front of the restroom. Tyler groaned and stood in line. After 10 minutes it was finally his turn. He walked in but as soon as he did the bell went off. He didn't care. He could be late to class, it didn't matter. So he walked to the urinal, but suddenly he heard a click behind him. He turned and saw...His crush?!

Alejandro smirked and walked up to Tyler. "Whatcha doing?"

"Going to the bathroom... Why'd you lock the door?"

"Because we need privacy."

"What?"

Alejandro leaned in closer, making Tyler shiver. "Look, Ty. We don't talk much. But I admire you. You've got a crush on me, too, don't you?" Tyler gulped. "Yes."

"So..." Al moved his hand towards Tyler's pants. "Don't you still have to pee?"

And then it all happened very quickly:

Al grabbed Tyler by the waist, making him leak more, and sat him on the ground, and then sat next to him. Tyler crawled into his lap, and Al stroked his pants. Al whispered, "Come on..."

And just like that, Tyler released the fluids in his body. He was immediately overcome with a feeling of relief, and moaned loudly. Al smirked.

"That's it, keep going."

The warmth felt so good against both of the boys members, and Tyler felt so incredible he leaned his head against the wall and groaned. After 2 minutes, it ended.

The boys went to their lockers and changed without a word, and left the room, without a word. But while Tyler was day-dreaming in his next class, he felt something in his pocket.

He pulled out a note with Alejandro's number on it. He gave me his number? He thought, smiling. So, I guess we're... Boyfriends? Boyfriends... He liked the sound of that.

