A Big Mess

Author: Bruce

*000*2019-10-14 03:13

"Mum, I feel sick, Can I stay home from school today?" Asked Ellie pleadingly.

"No, You can't just stay at home anytime you have a little cold!" Replied Mum.

"No, it's not that, I think I have food poisoning from that restaurant last night" Ellie said

*sigh*"OK, but I will be really cross if I find out you are lying just to get off School." Said Mum "You might as well go back to bed if you are sick, I'm gonna get a shower and go to work."

"Okay Mum" answered Ellie.

Ellie lay in bed watching a film. It was a romantic film. The kind of film she liked. All of a sudden she needed to poo. It was pressing at her sphincter wanting to come out. She just ignored it for five minutes and continued to watch her film until it became unbearable. She got out of her warm, comfy bed unwillingly and approached the bathroom. To her horror she realized that her Mum was in the shower. She knocked on the door.

"Mum, can I go to the toilet please?" She asked.

"Yes, I will be finished in a few minutes," her Mum said.

A loud fart came from Ellie's ass.

"Please be quick Mum" she pleaded.

Suddenly she farted loudly again, only this time lots of mushy shit came out of her asshole into her white panties and pink pyjama pants.

"Hurry up mum, Please!" She cried.

She farted again. More shit flowed out of her ass, only this time it filled her backside for a full minute with no stopping. She was lost for words.

"Oh no! Mum, I've pooed myself" she shouted, almost crying.

"Sorry, just go wait in your room while I finish up in here." Replied mum.

Ellie went back to her room and looked in her mirror. Her mushy shit had not only stained her white panties but now her pyjamas were brown in the rear instead of the bright pink they were originally. She laid on the bed, making sure to lay on her belly to prevent staining her bed. The warm mush coated her ass cheeks. She felt like she had warm peanut butter down the back of her knickers.

Her door opened and in walked her Mum wearing only a bath robe.

"Are you okay? Sorry I took so long in the shower." Asked Mum.

"Yeah, It's okay," Said Ellie.

"Please don't freak out about this, but I want you to wear a diaper today incase you have any more accidents," Said Mum.

"No, I'm not a baby," she said.

"I know you're not Sweetie, but we don't want you staining all of your knickers with smelly poo now do we?" her mum said calmly.

"Ok but I don't think I will have any more accidents today." Replied Ellie.

Her mum told her to lie down on her back on the edge of her bed. She had put down one of Ellie's old changing mats on the end of the bed. Firstly she took off Ellie's pink/brown pyjamas and threw them in her bin.

"Wow, It's everywhere." said Mum.

She used some baby wipes to wipe up the poop that had gone down her curvy legs. Now was the hard part. Slowly Ellie's mum slid off the ruined panties, which luckily took most of the poop with them, and threw those in the bin along with the wipes and pyjamas. Now she started to wipe up Ellie's bare fat ass. It was covering her ass cheeks badly. After this was finished Mum pulled Ellie's legs together and up. She slid a big poofy diaper under her daughter's soft ass and pulled it up around her bare shaven pussy. She stuck the straps.

"I can't believe I'm 18 years old and being diapered by my own mother!" Exclaimed Ellie.

"Finished! I'm going to go get ready and go to work. Try not to have too much fun" Said Mum sarcastically.

30 minutes after her mum had gone to work she was still watching her film. She felt a familiar sensation at her sphincter again.

"I don't want to miss my film."

She continued to fight the urge.

"I'm not even going to get up. Why should I leave my nice, comfy, warm bed to go to the toilet when I'm wearing one."

And so instead of going to the toilet like any normal person she let her sphincter go. Mushy poop filled her diaper, spreading all around her cheeks and down towards her pussy. After it was all in her diaper she had to pee so she did that as well. After laying in her own mess for a while she started to realize how nice and warm it actually felt.

Twenty minutes later she was starting to feel really hungry. She decided to leave her bed and walk downstairs to the kitchen. Walking with a poop filled diaper on proved to be hard work but she quickly got used to it. The smelly stuff squished against her cheeks with every step.

When she got to the kitchen she chose to make herself some cereal (coco pops). After she had made them she sat at the dining table. The messy wet diaper was like a cushion against her smooth skin. While she was eating she felt the need to shit again so she pushed. A small amount of wee dribbled out of her pussy hole but no poop came out. She tried another way. Lifting herself on to her left ass cheek allowed the poop to come out much easier. Lots of mush exited her tight arse hole quickly and once again filled the seat of her diaper.

She pushed again and now, instead of soft poop, a huge, thick log started to slide out of her ass. She had to push extra hard to release this huge poop. It came out about halfway and met resistance with the bulging diaper. Instead of squashing up it slid down her gullet towards the front of her diaper. She pushed until it was fully out. By this time it was rubbing on her pussy lips, making her feel horny. She tried to ignore it but it rubbed on her lips everytime she moved.

Placing three fingers down the front of her diaper, she started to rub her clit. While doing this she ground her ass into the chair, smearing the shit into every crevice on her ass. She pulled her t-shirt off and started to rub her tits through her lacy bra with her left hand while penetrating her pussy with her right. It didn't take long to bring herself to one of the best orgasms of her life.

She was really tired so she went to lie down on the sofa with just her diaper and bra on.

###

"Ellie, I'm home!"

"Oh no I must have fallen asleep on the sofa." Thought Ellie.

Her mum walked into the room and smiled when she saw her daughter in a brown diaper.

"Smells like someone needs changing" She said as she held her nose. "Looks like it too".

