Самоисполняющееся пророчество (полное и исправленное)

Автор: brucejedi [x] (-)

*009*2021-04-29 04:57

Chapter 10. Lovers’ Quarrels

Courtney continued to mull over her night out with Kyle. Though she hated to admit it, his scheming had revealed a degree of control she hadn’t known she possessed. She stood reminded that learning to ride a bicycle required ditching the training wheels and climbing on, despite the fear of falling. That night, though, had also brought her face-to-face with the jagged pavement. What if there were no alley, no urinal, no cup—nothing but her clothes to absorb the hot mess, as the whole room looked on? While she appreciated the sentiment, Kyle’s confidence in her seemed so misplaced.

True, her bladder had pulled through for her that night, but it often still betrayed her. One time she was up late completing a project for work when the urge came on, seemingly containable. She finished recording her train of thought before hurrying to the toilet—too late to avoid soaking her underwear. Another time, she burst out laughing at something Kyle said at dinner, and she felt her pad grow damp, then damper still—until she looked down to see herself sitting in a puddle. She wondered why such incidents never seemed to faze him. As she emerged from the shower, he would simply hold out a clean set of underwear, a sympathetic smile on his face.

She wore them often now—her stock of three grown to twelve in rainbow colors, thanks to Allison. How else could Courtney prove to the world that she had moved beyond diapers? How else could she prove it to herself?

“Ready to go?” Kyle asked one morning.

“Looks windy out—let me tie my hair.” She pulled it back in a high ponytail and tucked the loose strands behind her ear. Then they set out on a neighborhood stroll.

“Breeze feels great, huh?”

“Sure does—whoops! Maybe shorts would have been wiser.”

“Don’t worry,” Kyle smirked. “No one saw your purple underwear.”

“I sure hope not.” As they continued chatting, Courtney nearly managed to forget what lay beneath her skirt. Lots of people were out this Sunday—she no different from any of them.

“Let’s cut back through the park,” Kyle suggested. “A bit out of the way, but—”

“Ooh, let’s go! I bet the roses are still in bloom.” They crossed two streets and ambled past the ballfield.

Up ahead, a group of women had assembled near the central fountain, holding signs that read:

“Close the gender toilet gap”

“Free diapers = A women’s health issue”

“No subsidy, no pees!”

A woman began speaking into a megaphone: “Our taxes pay for public toilets. Every school, every museum, every park offers them free of charge. But for whom? Men primarily. Aside from the obvious, what use are they to women—bolted to the floor and forever out of reach? The only toilet a woman can count on is one wrapped between her legs. Five or more a day she goes through, costing over $100 a month…and she pays every cent of it!”

The protesters booed and hollered.

“All we’re asking,” the speaker continued, “is that the state chip in a mere twenty percent. That’s what Proposition 47 would do. Look, people—whether we want to be or not, women are in diapers. It’s time our elected leaders acknowledge that—and start treating us fairly.”

The small crowd cheered. Then they started chanting, “What do we want? Diaper support! When do we want it? Now!”

All around, people turned to watch the spectacle. Many of the protesters wore skintight leggings that highlighted the ruffled padding beneath. A few even had diapers on over their jeans.

“Wow,” said Kyle.

“Quit staring, honey,” Courtney chided.

Then a man yelled, “Sure, have the government pay for my boxer shorts too. Y’all are crazy!”

A protester approached Courtney and handed her a pamphlet. “Thanks,” she mumbled. She took Kyle’s hand and retreated from the square.

“What do you think?” he asked. “Should Uncle Sam pay for your diapers?”

“Ah, but I’m not wearing one,” she retorted.

“Touché.”

Feeling anxious all of a sudden, Courtney scanned the area. Every park has toilets but this one, apparently. She took a deep breath. “Personally, I think those ladies have it all wrong. They should be asking why we’re in diapers to begin with.”

Kyle laughed. “Isn’t it obvious why? Not everyone shares your skills, remember.”

“Right—maybe because we have no opportunity to develop any. Given the dreadful alternative, of course we wear them…but it’s still humiliating.”

“Huh—and I figured girls felt sexy in diapers.”

“Well sure, but…you’re peeing in them, multiple times per day. Afterwards you’re soaking wet till you finally get to change. Until you’ve experienced it, I’m not sure you can judge.”

“Does sound fairly annoying.”

“Mm hmm. Also just the way you’re treated because of it.”

“Like, how so?”

“Like at work, never getting to present to clients.”

“And you’re hoping underwear could change all that?”

“If we could learn to keep them dry—yeah, maybe we’d gain more respect. Remember that article I showed you? Jane Wolcott thinks we’re plenty capable, and that no one should be assuming otherwise. That’s what the protest should be about.”

Kyle gazed at her. “Well, I support you 100%.” Then he pointed up ahead. “Look! You were right.”

Courtney’s eyes lit up. “Roses in bloom—so gorgeous!” They sat on a park bench to take in the splendor.

Kyle leaned over and whispered, “Not so gorgeous as you.” He wrapped his arm around her.

Courtney rested her head on his shoulder, any recent reservations about him drifting away. Would he finally say the words? She waited patiently.

“Courtney, I—”

“—Ohmygosh!” She sat up straight and glanced around. “No bathrooms here, are there?”

“None but nature’s own.” He pointed to the bushes.

“Don’t be ridiculous—there’s people everywhere.” She wished she could replay the last twenty seconds, only this time wearing a diaper. Without a care, she would fill it while Kyle spoke the lines—even though that went against everything she’d just said.

“You didn’t go before we left?”

She thought for a moment. “Can’t remember.”

“Can you make it home?”

“Um—maybe?” The situation within her underwear felt more manageable than some, but home was two whole blocks away. Maybe just pee herself right here, and Kyle fetch a towel?

“You got this, hon. Easy-peasy, right?” He helped her up from the bench.

“Uh huh.” Courtney clung to him as she walked, her balance compromised by the crossing of her legs. She wondered how she must look to everyone around them.

“Just one more block.”

A whole one, still? The fire in her groin kept giving off sparks, but she contained it well enough…until the bark of a dog stole her concentration. She froze in place and struggled to seal off the leak, her hand clenched tight around Kyle’s.

Courtney looked around her. Happy couples were milling about in the sunshine. Children were flying kites, carefree and joyous—while she stood pressing her thighs together for dear life. And Kyle didn’t find this concerning?

“Ready to go on?” he asked.

She nodded.

“There’s home.” He pointed down the block. “Easy-peasy.”

By the time they reached the front door, Courtney was in agony. “I don’t think I’ll—ooh—make it up both flights.”

“You’ve lasted three whole minutes. What’s thirty seconds more?”

Three minutes, that was it? “But it’s stairs, Kyle. Stairs are—ooh!” A violent spurt escaped, and it took every ounce of concentration to prevent it from erupting into something more. As she climbed the steps, the fire within swelled to an inferno.

Kyle ran ahead to get the door. Courtney charged past him towards the single pool of water that could douse this flame. She yanked down her underwear and landed hard on the seat. Then she shut her eyes and listened to the cool refreshing sound of pee splashing into the basin.

“Easy-peasy,” said Kyle from the doorway.

She smiled at him—but inwardly she wondered how he could say that, when it obviously wasn’t true.

* * *

Later that week, Courtney lay naked from the waist down, her thighs spread and strapped into stirrups, a pee funnel encircling her vulva.

Alison spoke. “Let’s run a few tests while that lemonade works through your system. Can you cough for me?”

Courtney heard a slight splashing sound as she did.

“Any improvement with the stress leaking?”

“A little,” said Courtney.

“And any improvement at night?”

“A little.”

“Well, it’s great news about your daytime wettings. You’ve managed to cut those down considerably?”

“If I’m super diligent. But…I don’t know, I thought toilet-training would feel different than this.”

“How do you mean?”

Courtney tried to explain. “The other day, I was at brunch with my boyfriend, wearing no protection other than a pad, and I made it through the whole meal before rushing to the toilet and peeing in it successfully.”

“That’s great, Courtney!”

“I thought so too. But then afterwards, Kyle went himself, like it was child’s play.”

“Well, he’s been doing that all his life.”

“It’s maddening. He struts about, and when has to pee, he just goes and does it—while for me, making it fifteen feet from the couch to the toilet is a major victory.” She paused to reflect. “I read this article one time called ‘Managing Female Incontinence’—

“—by Andrew Young?”

“Yeah, that’s the one. I feel like that’s all I’m doing—managing it. I’ve trained myself to remember to pee at regular intervals, watch how much I drink, never stray far from a toilet. That’s the only way I can stay dry, not because I’ve learned to control my bladder. Maybe I’ve toilet-trained my brain—but physically, I’m getting nowhere fast. Sunday I wore panties for a short stroll around the neighborhood and nearly flooded them.”

“But you didn’t?”

“Nope, and Kyle commended me for it. Yet honestly, that I avoided doing so was a miracle. I just don’t understand how he can be so blasé about the whole affair. It’s almost like…he enjoys watching me struggle.” Courtney fell silent, surprised at what she heard herself say.

Alison nodded slowly. “Let’s finish the exam and then talk some more, okay?”

“Alright.”

“These days, how long you can prevent urination?”

“A few minutes, tops—other times way less than that. It’s so unpredictable.”

“I understand. And right now, do you need to pee?”

“Um…” Courtney struggled to provide an answer. “How long has it been since I drank the lemonade?”

“Don’t go by that. What does your body tell you?”

“It never tells me anything.”

Allison nodded again.

“I have this distant memory…of sensing an impending need when I was much younger—but now I couldn’t tell you what it felt like. I can’t even reproduce the sensation in my mind. These days, all I feel is sudden desperation.”

“That could still change.” Allison finished recording Courtney’s answers. “Alright, let’s try the diode test. I’ll flip this down now, okay?”

Courtney felt the funnel slide away, replaced by a cold object pressed deep inside. She squeezed as hard as she could.

“Four. Nice job!”

“May I try again? I can do better than that.” She squeezed a second time.

“Five, that time. Alright, last try.”

Courtney squeezed until her muscles gave out from exhaustion.

“Four again. We have to use the average of the three.” Allison removed the diode and repositioned the funnel.

Virtually no improvement in three months. “At least I don’t freak out anymore when you swivel that thing down,” Courtney quipped. But then her smiled faded. “Why is this all so hard?”

“Well, you read Jane’s article.” Allison pointed to a diagram on the wall. “This shows the female urinary tract. When I first saw you, you had zero voluntary control over these muscles here. Voiding for you had reverted back to the reflex pattern of infancy. That you’ve regained any functionality at all is something to celebrate—and it flies in the face of quack theories like Dr. Young’s.”

At that moment, Courtney felt a pressure mount. Strapped in the stirrups, she couldn’t clench her legs together as she normally would, nor could she wedge her hand there with the funnel in the way—though, it was unclear how much those measures actually helped. She shut her eyes and focused all attention on the one place that could withstand this onslaught, her only bastion of defense.

“Good, Courtney!” Allison encouraged.

But the pressure grew stronger and stronger, like a lance piercing through her. She fought against it until her efforts collapsed, and pee went splattering down the funnel.

“One minute, twenty-six seconds,” Allison announced. “That’s really good.”

Not nearly good enough. Courtney gazed at the diagram of her dysfunctional urinary tract. Apparently, her urethra was not even two inches long—this tiny bit of tubing that if she could only hold shut, would mean a lifetime free of diapers. But to do so was beyond her. “Can you tell me,” she asked, “how many women have actually succeeded at this? How many have you helped toilet-train?”

“To full continence?” Allison was silent for a moment. “You would be the first, Courtney.”

* * *

That Saturday, Courtney lay sprawled on her bed in a red lace bra and panties while Kyle kissed her all over. Not a bad way to spend an afternoon.

Soon he reached for her underwear.

“Wow, sex with my bra still on? That’s new for us. Less bouncy, I suppose.”

“Who says we’re having sex right now?” He slid her panties off.

“Well, I just assumed—”

“—I’m a lucky man, Courtney. Who else on this Earth gets sustained access to his girl’s pussy? Your newfound bladder control opens a world of possibility.”

“Hmm, like what…? Holy mother!”

“Should I stop?”

“No, no…keep doing it, keep doing it!” Courtney’s eyelids drifted closed as Kyle’s tongue danced across her labia…

“Sweetheart?” he said at last.

“Why are you stopping?” Moments ago, she’d been so close.

“Um, shouldn’t you go pee really quick?”

Urgh. Since the near disaster on Sunday, his reminders had seemed to multiply, coming always at the most inconvenient times. She glanced at the clock. “Ack! Kyle, of course I should go. And then we have to get ready. Aren’t they arriving at six?”

“That’s in forty-five minutes. Go and pee, and then we can remove your bra and finally—”

“—Not till after the movie, Kyle. I still have to shower, do my hair and makeup…”

“Alright,” he muttered.

* * *

Before long the doorbell rang.

“They’re here!” Kyle called.

“Almost ready!” Courtney turned in the mirror. Her black skirt, unworn since college, gripped her hips alluringly—the perfect contrast to her flowy purple top.

“You look stunning,” Krystal said as Courtney made her appearance.

“You too, hon—I love that dress!”

“Not too tight for mixed company?” asked Krystal’s date.

Krystal spun around. Her dress stretched taught across her shapely rear and the fluffy padding that encased it, but the fit seemed fine.

“I wouldn’t say so, Joe,” Courtney replied.

“Shall we?” Kyle cut in. “Movie starts at 8:00.”

On their way to the car, the girls let the guys walk on ahead.

“How’d you get your skirt to look like that?” Krystal whispered.

“No diaper lines, you mean?”

“Wait, don’t tell me…”

“Kyle talked me into it. Think it’s a bad idea?”

“Of course it is.” Krystal knew all about Courtney’s misadventure clubbing.

At the car, Kyle said in a fake British accent, “After you, darling.”

“Thank you, sir,” Courtney responded in kind. The two of them scooted into the back seat.

As the car pulled from the lot, he whispered, “You remembered to go, before, right?”

She glared at him. “Yes…before getting ready.”

“Kyle, how’s work?” Joe asked.

“Same old. Reboot, reformat, repeat.”

“Ah. Well, I just got promoted.”

“Wow, congratulations!” Courtney cheered. She adjusted her skirt. Sitting on the firm car seat still felt odd with no padding.

“Assistant manager now.”

“Not assistant to the manager?” Kyle chuckled.

Krystal suppressed a giggle.

As Joe explained his new role, Courtney continued to fidget in her seat. What if her friend was right—that wearing panties to a full-length movie was a terrible mistake? Her mind conjured memories of streaks down a dress, a splattered urinal, puddles in an alley. She thought, too, of Allison’s words. Not a single woman had succeeded at this. And yet, that notion propelled her forward. If she could be the first, then others might follow. The fate of her gender rode on her shoulders—or as Jenny might say, on her cooch.

When Joe finished, Courtney said, “I have work news, as well.”

“Yeah, she just took on this big new marketing project,” Krystal added.

“That’s cool,” said Joe. No one asked anything more.

* * *

Soon they arrived at the theatre.

“Ice cream, anyone?” Krystal proposed. Joe looked at her, and she shrugged.

“Sure, plenty of time,” said Kyle. Then he nudged Courtney and whispered, “Shouldn’t you—”

“—I know!” she whispered back. She turned to Krystal. “Shall we take a little walk?”

“Okay. Joe, please order me a chocolate cookie sundae.”

In the ladies room, Krystal peaked down her skirt to check her indicator. “Still dry,” she announced. “Just here to keep you company.”

“Thanks, hon.” Courtney shut herself inside the stall. “So how many dates is this now with Joe?”

“I’ve lost track. It’s becoming a thing.”

“That’s awesome, Krystal.” Courtney flushed, concerned by the scant volume she’d produced. She might need to slip out again before the movie.

“Sure you don’t want a diaper? I have plenty of spares.”

Ooh, it was tempting… Then she could stop feeling anxious and simply enjoy the evening. But Kyle would notice for sure—with all his subtle feels and glances. Plus, she doubted her tight skirt even left room for one. “I want to keep trying this,” she said haltingly.

Ice cream awaited them when they returned, a cherry sundae for Courtney and a small chocolate cone for Krystal. As they took their seats, Joe turned to his date and whispered, “No leaks, right?”—plenty loud enough for everyone to hear.

Krystal shook her head demurely.

Kyle wrapped an arm around Courtney’s waist. “Warm enough, sweetheart?”

“For now. Let’s see after this sundae.” She felt his hand drop to where her diaper should have been, his fingers caressing the all-natural padding at her hip. She loved that she could wear this skirt again without even losing a pound. It made it that much easier to enjoy the ice cream.

Krystal finished her tiny cone and said, “Joe—always looking out for my figure!” She yanked at her top until it exposed a bit less of her bulging cleavage.

What was Krystal talking about? So what if she wasn’t rail thin? The woman was gorgeous.

Joe rattled off another work story, with Kyle feigning interest as he fiddled with the hem of Courtney’s skirt. Krystal took a large swig from her water bottle while she waited for everyone else to finish.

“Careful, honey,” said Joe. “It’s a long movie.”

Krystal set down the bottle. She looked as though she might say something, but then her face grew still. Had she just—

“That’s very true,” Kyle added, glancing Courtney’s way, “and it’s starting soon…”

She mouthed back, “Will you stop it?” Then she stood and grabbed her friend’s hand. “Please excuse us,” she said aloud. For the second time that hour, the two of them stole away to the changing room.

Inside, Krystal headed straight for a padded bench and lay down. “Good timing,” she murmured. “Holy cow this thing is soaked—and to think how cute it looked when I first fastened it.”

Courtney lifted the toilet lid and sat. “Thank Kyle and his ‘handy reminders.’ Speaking of which, what’s with Joe tonight?”

“I don’t know…he wasn’t like that when we first met. He used to compliment my chest. Now he chides me about my waistline.”

“Well, does he want you curvy or slim? Can’t have it both ways.”

Krystal laughed. Then her voice grew softer. “Plus, sometimes I feel like a child when I’m around him.”

“I can relate,” said Courtney.

“But you’re out in public with no protection… Kyle has reason for concern—Joe doesn’t. I can manage my own diaper—I’ve worn them for how long?”

“That’s so true,” said Courtney. Maybe she should apologize for mouthing Kyle off. “Well, I hope you two can work it out—he’s super good looking.”

“I know, right?”

Courtney stood and peered at the crystal-clear water in the bowl. No matter—doubtless, Kyle would badger her to go again partway through the film.

“Positive you don’t want one?” Krystal asked, holding up her purse.

* * *

As they waited for the show to begin, Courtney leaned over to Kyle. “Sorry I snapped at you, honey.”

“Shh, I’m watching the previews,” he replied.

So Courtney turned and chatted with Krystal while sharing her popcorn. Krystal hadn’t ordered any herself.

When the movie started, Courtney tried her best to stay focused on the plot. Her pantyliner, already damp from intermittent leaks, felt cold as the air-conditioned breeze blew right through it. She reached under the seat and pulled Kyle’s coat up around herself. Should she flee to the bathroom again? Not yet—the show had only just begun, and it was so nice and warm under the coat. She grabbed another handful of popcorn. So salty and delicious.

After a slow start, the plot began to pick up. “Who’s that, again?” Courtney whispered to Kyle. She wished she’d paid closer attention earlier.

“Shh.”

Forget Kyle. He was obviously mad at her. “Krystal,” she whispered, “who’s that man in black?”

Krystal explained as best she could. Then she reached for Courtney’s popcorn, but Joe slapped her hand away. Wow, this guy was a piece of work.

Courtney pursed her lips, her mouth dry from all the salt. She looked around. Krystal had stowed her water bottle under the seat, purposefully out of reach—so Courtney gulped down a third of Kyle’s cherry soda. Alright, how long had it been so far? She had forgotten to mark the time when the show began. She had better go—just as soon as this scene ended.

~ ~

A giant robot marched onto the screen, raising a sort of laser at the protagonist and his newfound girl. She clutched at him in fear, as the robot said, “I have you now!”

“No you don’t!” yelled the mysterious man in black, jumping onscreen. Was he an F.B.I. agent? A Russian spy? His accent was hard to place.

“Ha, ha, ha, ha!” bellowed the evil robot, swiping the man to the ground. The robot trained his laser at the trembling girlfriend’s chest, barely contained in her top.

“Oh, I’m gonna wet my diaper!” She buried her face in her boyfriend’s arms.

The camera then panned to three other robots sprinting forward. This truly marked the end for the hero and his girl. But then Joe and Kyle started cheering. Wait, these must be good robots! Couldn’t they color-code them or something?

A loud battle ensued, with such a dizzying succession of cuts that Courtney couldn’t tell which side was winning. Every so often, the camera would pan back to the cowering girlfriend, her cleavage even more exposed than Krystal’s.

~ ~

A fierce pressure jolted Courtney back to reality, emanating from deep between her legs. She glanced at Kyle, too engrossed in the film to notice the terror in her eyes. This one felt particularly urgent, and the toilet was so, so far. Why hadn’t he reminded her earlier? She rose abruptly, crossing past Krystal and Joe on the way to the aisle.

The door opened again behind her as she exited the cinema. “Courtney, are you alright?” Krystal called. “You left so awfully fast.”

Courtney shook her head frantically. She walked a few more feet, holding her thighs together in a fashion that caused her hips to sashay. A squirt escaped, and she struggled to contain it before continuing on. Why hadn’t Kyle reminded her to go? Because she had snapped at him earlier, that’s why.

“You’re halfway there, hon,” Krystal encouraged.

Again Courtney paused, but her efforts this time were less effective. She could feel the pad starting to fail, warm droplets escaping out the sides. She resumed her journey, nearly jogging now with knees still pressed together.

And then, “Ohmygosh…ohh noo!” Courtney leaned back against the wall as her bladder let go, spraying pee into her underwear and all down her legs. She watched her puddle form patterns along the tile floor. When the flow finally ceased, Courtney looked up, tears forming.

“Courtney, spin around,” Krystal instructed.

“What?”

“Just do it… See? The black skirt conceals it really well. I say we make a break for it.”

Courtney wiped a tear away.

Krystal grabbed her friend’s hand and headed for the exit at the end of the hall. As they walked, Courtney still felt drips running down her legs. They pushed through the door out to the parking lot.

“Good thing Joe lent me his spare key.” Krystal reached into her purse, and the car doors chirped.

“Just a minute, ladies!”

They turned to see a man in glasses flanked by two security guards.

“I think you better come with us.”

* * *

“Is this you?” asked the manager in glasses. They sat in his office, viewing security camera footage.

“Um, no?” said Courtney. She watched herself propped against the wall, pee splashing onto the floor. Reliving it in third person was as traumatic as experiencing it firsthand.

“You must have us…confused?” stammered Krystal.

The film then showed them marching down the hall, drops of pee forming a trail behind. On a second screen, they could be seen approaching the exit, their faces clearly discernable.

“Fine, it’s us. I’m…sorry my diaper leaked all over your tile floor. We should have stayed to clean it up. I was just…really embarrassed.” Courtney shifted in her seat. By now her legs had mostly dried, but her wet underwear lay glued to her rear.

Just then the door behind them flew open. “I think they’re back here,” said a female voice that Courtney vaguely recognized.

“Sweetheart, we’ve been looking all over for you!” said Kyle. Then he saw the footage. “Come on, man, she’s humiliated enough as it is. Can I please just take her home?”

Joe cut in. “Sir, the movie was three hours long, and a diaper can only hold so much. I implored them to monitor their water intake, but they didn’t listen.”

With that, demure Krystal turned and shouted, “Joe, you’re a pompous ass!”

“She’s not wearing one…” said the familiar voice.

“What?” said Joe.

Courtney looked up to see the waitress who had lent her the towel on her birthday. Apparently, she worked Saturday nights at the theatre.

“I thought I recognized her boyfriend. When they ate at the restaurant I work at, something similar happened. Seems they like to play sex games that involve her wetting underwear made for girls. She claimed she was ‘toilet-training,’ but obviously that makes no sense. I spent a good part of my shift cleaning up the mess she made.”

“Is it true?” asked the manager. “You came to my theatre with no diaper on?”

“What? No!”

“Care to prove it?”

“I’m not lifting my skirt for you, you perv.”

“Hmm, then I’ll stick by what our trusted employee says. Frankly, I’ve never seen a diaper leak so badly. I highly doubt you’re wearing one.”

“Are you aware of section 16 of the county sanitation code, ma’am?” asked a security guard. He read from his phone. “‘Females shall wear proper urinary protection at all public pools and beaches, entertainment venues, and places of business. Violation is subject to fine not to exceed $300.’”

“Thank you, officer,” said the manager. “Ma’am, you’re lucky we’re not pressing charges. Don’t bother coming back to my theatre, though. Take your sex games someplace else.”

* * *

At home that night, Courtney sat sobbing against Kyle’s shoulder. “I can’t do this anymore. I’m hopeless at it.”

“Let’s sleep on it, honey. You’ve had a rough night.”

“Why didn’t I go earlier?”

“It’s my fault. I should have reminded you.”

“Your fault that I peed all over the floor?”

Kyle sighed. “Something like this was bound to happen eventually.”

Courtney sat up straight. “Wait, what do you mean?”

He looked into her eyes. “Do you feel anything at all, before the final minute or so?”

Courtney didn’t answer.

“Tell me truthfully.”

“I feel nothing.”

“And it’s been like that for how many weeks?”

“What are you implying?”

“Come on, Courtney. What’s more likely—that every woman on earth has been made to believe they’re incontinent, or that it’s you who’s deluded.”

“Deluded? But…then why did you support me?”

“You seemed to care so much about it. I wanted you to succeed.”

Courtney stared for a moment. “It’s no secret that I’d like to lose five pounds. But whenever I try dieting, you pay no regard. I’d like to be more assertive at work, but you ignore my efforts there, as well. So why this? Why are you so committed to my toilet-training, if all along you figured I’d fail at it? Unless…”

“I wanted to help you try, at least.”

“…you wanted to watch me flounder. To see me wet my clothes—”

“—No.”

“—because it turns you on.”

The look on his face said it all.

Courtney pointed to the door. “Get. Out!”

