A new type of bending

Author: Babedut123

*000*2020-06-05 23:52

First story in a while. Sorry for potential bad grammar, English isn’t my first language.

Five years has passed Since the end of the Great War and the tyranny of firelord Ozai are long gone.

Katara have Been looking forward to visiting her sistertribe ever since her 19th year birthday and the day had finally come.

As she rode in on Appa with her brother Sokka and her fiancé Aang, she noticed a slight urge to pee (bladder 23/100) but she forgot all about it when she saw her old friend Soh stood on the ice wall ready to welcome them. Soh was ecstatic and she couldn’t wait for the traditional fishing trip she and Katara always goes on to catch dinner when either one is visiting the other.

As Appa landed on the wall Soh ran towards Katara knocking her over for a hug.

“When are we going on the fishing trip Katara” Soh asked

“soon” katara answered “I’ll just have to unpack my bags” she added an smiled.

“We can handle it” Aang said and made a gesture towards Sokka

“we can?” Sokka said confused

“yes” Aang said with a bit irritated looking at Sokka.

“YAAY” Soh said and grabbed Kataras hand before running of into the distance.

10 minutes later...

Katara and Soh was already in the water and the waves hitting the narrow Canoe reminded katara she forgot to pee when she arrived (bladder 30/100). Katara chose to hold it since she didn’t want to disappoint sue who’ve been looking forward to this trip.

10 minutes passes (bladder 37/100)

S: I got one, I got one.

K: let me see it

S: it’s a red tuna

K: Awesome three more fish like that and we have enough for dinner.

19 minutes and 2 fish later Kataras urge have become visible (bladder 50/100) she had begun to wiggle and Soh have noticed.

S: are you okay?

K: yeah, it’s just that I kinda have to pee, but it’s not that bad.

S: just pee here then, better than being uncomfortable holding it in.

K: I would if this canoe was wider, but there’s no way I can hold my balance in a squat over the water and besides, the weather and wind out here makes it to cold to pull my panties down.

S: I meant pee your pants. Your a waterbender right? You can always bend the urine out of your jeans, I literally do it all the time.

K: your crazy

30 minutes passed and they still only needed one fish to have enough for dinner and Kataras urge have grown unbearable (78/100) kataras hands are buried in her crouch and her fidgeting is now so severe, that Soh can fell the canoe shaking slightly.

S: just pee your pants already!

K: I’m already kinda considering, but I’m an adult, I’ve never done anything remotely like that.

S: Would it help if I did it first?

K: blushes and nods*

Through some effort Soh manage to turn around in the narrow Kano and now faces katara (Sohs bladder at 28/100 kataras at 80/100)

S: Okay I went just before you arrived so give me a minute to concentrate.

Katara looks at Sohs crouch and after a few seconds a few spurts of pee makes a wet spot appear on Sohs pants. Soh starts making bending motions and the urine escapes her jeans and forms a ball that disappears into the ocean.

S: your turn

Katara removes her hands from her crouch, spread her legs as much as the canoe allows takes a deep breath and the next thing the girls hear, is a loud hissing sound.

Bladder 0/100

