Welcome to the mansion. - Page 3

Author: Bladderbabe

*051*2018-03-26 02:27

Chapter 9

Hi! This might be the only post this week, because I’m on spring break and am spending time with family. Hope you enjoy! P.S. someone messaged me saying they were having trouble imagining what Tiana looked like, she looks like the girl from Everything, Everything. Also, !!!there is a sex scene in this chapter!!!BB

###

I wipe my tears and sit up against the bed frame. I motion for her to sit in front of me and she sits cross-legged across from me. I take a moment to admire her. Even teary-eyed and tired, she’s just as beautiful as always.

Her curly brown hair was thick and still held water from her shower. Her eyes are hazel, they remind me of brown sugar. Her skin is perfect, a gorgeous milk-chocolate brown, perfectly smooth. Her neck looks perfect for hickeys, and her collarbones are prominent. Her breasts are maybe c or d cups and are just as perfect as the rest of her. A small waist and thick hips and thighs, as well as A+ butt.

I can tell she’s admiring me back. I don’t think I’m quite as gorgeous as her, but I’m nothing terrible. My eyes are green and my hair is brown, cut into a bob that’s always messily tied up. I have smaller breasts, b’s on a good day, and a straight, thin body. Not a curve on me. I have little bumps on my nose and uncontrollable eyebrows. I have lips like hers though, plump and full, the only thing I got from my dad.

“Let’s... get off the sad stuff. If I’m gonna be stuck here forever,” my voice cracks, “I might as well try to enjoy it.”

She nods. “What do you want to do?”

“Maybe watch a movie? The Princess Bride, or Mean Girls?”

“Or Fifty Shades,” she jokes. I laugh too.

I watch her pull a remote out of the top drawer on her side and the TV clicks on. She goes to Netflix and turns on Mean Girls, then sits beside me on her bed.

“This used to be my favorite movie when I was 15 or 16. Honestly, still a masterpiece.” I say as the title comes on screen.

”Me too. My first time had this in the background.” She blushed.

”Wow. I hope you don’t mind me asking, but how old were you?”

”It’s alright. I was fifteen. It was with a guy who I dated for two years, and I wanted to try it. The poor boy had the littlest penis ever. He finished after two minutes and then left. I broke up with him the next week.” She put her hand on my thigh nonchalantly.

”Wow. Mine was... I think last year, right before my seventeenth birthday. Had a boyfriend of a year, it was all sensual and there were candles and shit. It was pretty good, actually. We dated until we went to different colleges and we couldn’t do it anymore. We still text sometimes though.”

”Dang. That must suck. He the only one?”

“Yeah. I almost went down on a girl but backed out last minute. I was scared I’d do something wrong.”

”Wow. I’ve had sex with... two guys, three girls. That boyfriend, Sir, a girl from college, Taylor, and Kai-Lan.”

”Cool. I don’t have a lot of experience at all, you’re probably great at it.”

”Ha. I’d like to think so, but you’d have to ask one of them. Or find out for yourself.”

I laugh out loud and blush. She doesn’t laugh.

“Wait, you’re serious?”

“I mean, uh, if you’re down I’m down,” she mumbles. She taps her fingers on my thigh.

I clear my throat.

”I think... that’d be okay?”

“Really?”

“Uh, yeah. Sure.”

“Great! Well, right. Um.” She takes off her shirt, then stands up and struggles to take off her pants.

I stand up and fiddle with the bow on the back of my outfit. “Can you help me with that?” I ask. She walks over and unties the bow. I turn around and slip my apron off, then help her pull down her shorts. I pull the dress off the top of my head, and there we are, two young women, in just our bras and panties, standing in the middle of a room of a house we’re trapped in.

### sex scene ###

I look at her and she looks at me.

“Okay. Yep. Let’s go.” She says, then walks over to me and walks me over to the bed. She unclips my bra and slides the straps down my shoulders slowly. For a moment, she just admires, then remembers what she’s doing and tosses the bra on the ground. I return the favor and unclip her bra as well. She pushes me against the bedframe and starts kissing me.

I kiss back, and she slowly creeps down and starts to bite and suck on my neck. I’m sure it’ll leave a bruise.

She showers my stomach with kisses, stopping as she gets to my pantyline. She looks up at me and I nod. She pulls down my underwear and I kick them off the rest of the way.

She gets between my legs and kisses around before getting to my clit. She licks it and I quietly moan. She starts to suck on my clit and my moans get louder, then she sticks a finger in, and then another, hitting my g-spot almost instantly.

After a few minutes I come to an orgasm, euphoria filling my veins as my moans fill the room. She pulls away and looks up, obviously impressed with her work. When I realize she’s looking at me, I blush and look away.

”So?” She asks as she sits up.

“That was... the best orgasm of my life. Holy shit.” My breathing steadies and I sit there.

She looks at me and smiles.

“I tried.”

“So damn humble.”

”So are you gonna return the favor or not?”

###

Hope you enjoyed! I’m not amazing at sex scenes but I tried. Have a wonderful night/day/whatever! -BB

*053*2018-03-27 23:49

Chapter 10!!!

So I’m glad y’all have been enjoying this. Just keep staying active and commenting and giving suggestions and this will hopefully keep going for a while. Have a wonderful evening-BB

###

I tried to return the favor. It took a while to get situatated, and then I went at it and first she said it was too gentle and then she said it was too rough. Finally, she came with the help of her hand.

“Not bad for a beginner, babydoll.”

I giggle and kiss her. I stand up and walk to the mirror, where I see a big hickey on my neck.

“Damn. Way to mark your territory.”

”My territory?”

I blush and walk towards her, laying down on the bed next to her. It’s a little tight, being it only a twin, but comfortable enough.

“Can you get us some more clothes or something?” I ask, looking down at our naked bodies.

“I suppose,” she says as she walks over to the door, wraps herself in a bathrobe, then walks out.

I sigh as I feel the slightest tinge in my bladder. I stand up to go to the bathroom, only to be blocked by her walking in carrying our clothes. They’re simple, light grey leggings and a light grey top. A little prison-y, but it’s whatever.

”Let’s shower. I don’t want an infection or anything. Besides, we both smell like... sex.”

“I gotcha.” I ignore my bladder and she hands me a towel, then we walk to the bathroom. In the bathroom, there’s about 20 stalls, and 10 baths. She walks into the one with our room label on it.

“We’re supposed to take turns, but we’ve already gotten to know each other pretty well, so what difference does it make?” She says, dropping her towel and then picking it up to hang it on the rack. I do the same and she messes with the tap till it’s a good temperature. We step in.

I shiver, then squeeze my legs as the water makes me have to pee worse. All the water she made me drink earlier was still flowing right through me.

I begin to wash my hair. Since she washed her hair this morning, she just washes off her body. I turn around and she helps wash my hair, then rinses it. She puts in conditioner and rinses that out too. She starts to wash my body, paying extra attention to my breasts. I laugh as she squeezes them, then I push her hands away. I finish washing my body, paying extra attention to my privates.

Afterwards, we get out and dry off, then walk to our room and get dressed. The leggings press against my bladder, and I squeeze my legs together again.

I ignore it and lay down next to her.

“So, are you actually into this stuff? The whole... pee-holding thing?” I ask.

She seems taken aback by the question. “Well, yes. I love seeing women struggle to hold their bulging bladders, crossing their legs and holding for me. And I make them hold longer, setting them up for failure... Sorry, I got off on a tangent. Why do you ask?”

“Um, just wondering.” I cross my legs, and this time she takes notice.

She sits up on her elbow. “You have to pee, don’t you?” She moves her hand to my lower abdomen. My bladder isn’t hard yet, but there’s definitely something in there.

I wince as she hovers her hand. “A little.”

“My girl.”

*056*2018-04-01 15:49

Chapter 11

Just a little reminder that in order for me to keep writing, I need feedback! I don’t wanna write for an empty audience. -BB

###

I press my thighs together as she puts her hand on my bladder. I don’t have to go very bad, but enough that pressure on my bladder doesn’t feel very good.

She pushes down lightly. My bladder isn’t rock-hard yet, but it’s full enough that you can feel firmness. I wince and let out a small wimper at the pressure.

“How long have you been holding?” She asks, continuing to gently stroke my bladder.

”Um... since right after we did it.”

“So... three hours? Oh, you can hold longer. I’ll be right back.” She stands up and exits the room. I uncross and recross my legs, excited and scared for whatever is gonna happen next.

She comes back a few minutes later with a box full of stuff, and a whole tray with a whole array of drinks, anything from water to margaritas. The water from this morning is already running to my bladder, and I can’t imagine anything more. I sigh and smile at her anyway.

She walks over and sets down the box. She pulls out a belt.

“Stand up.”

I do as told and she wraps the belt around right where my bladder is, and tightens it. I wince at the added pressure and squeeze my legs together, another whimper escaping my lips.

”I expect you to drink at least half of these drinks before I’ll loosen that belt.

I look at the tray of drinks, then at the belt.

“Okay.” I nod. I walk over to the tray and grab a bottle of water. Might as well start off easy. I chug it and within just ten minutes the pressure in my bladder seems to double. I sit back down on the bed and rock back and forth, my heel in my crotch. The belt digs into my bladder, making it a hundred times harder to hold.

“Drink. You still have three to go before I loosen the belt.” The way she looks at me makes me more determined. I pick up a pink margarita and sip at it. It’s tastes amazing, but I know the alcohol will impair my judgement quickly. I sigh and drink the rest quickly, to get it over with. She hands me a bag of chips.

”It’ll help you drink more,” she says. I open the bag and eat a couple. They’re salty, and I get thirsty again fast.

Suddenly, a huge wave of desperation runs over me, and I shove both hands in my crotch and double cross my legs. It hurts, but feels so good. I know my bladder could expand more if this belt was off, and I’m determined to impress Tiana. The liquid burns at the sides of my bladder and my urethra. I whimper and look at her. She’s watching me, obviously entertained and aroused. The sudden wave dies down and I calm down.

I sip a martini, taking the olive out first. I hate olives. My body protests the added liquid, but I drink anyway. I reach down and touch my bladder. Since it can’t stick out, it’s already rock hard inside of me. I just have one more drink, then I’ll be able to take off this belt.

I finish the martini. The alcohol is getting to me, and I have to focus really hard to hold the pee burning inside my bladder.

Theres an 8 oz glass of water left, and then the other half of the drinks. I keep a hand on my crotch as I chug the last drink and look at her. She doesn’t seem to care.

“Tiana-“

“Call me miss or mistress.”

”Miss... I finished the drinks... please undo my belt...”

“I’ll take off the belt in... 10 minutes.”

I whimper and shove my hands between my legs. It’s getting harder to hold by the second, as the hot liquid fills my compressed bladder. I know I could hold more if it wasn’t for this belt.

Nine minutes to go.

“Please...”

“No begging.”

I shut my mouth. I just sit, my bladder throbbing inside me.

Eight minutes.

Please, please, please let me hold a little longer...

Seven minutes.

God, it hurts... It’s so hard to hold.

Six minutes.

Just six minutes to go. Then I can take off this stupid belt.

Five minutes.

I’m halfway there. Just a little bit longer.

Four minutes.

God, its so full. Its like it’s stabbing my insides.

Three minutes.

Almost there. Oh my god, it hurts. I hold my crotch tighter.

Two minutes.

C’mon, I’m so close. Just a moment longer.

One minute.

I wince. One minute. So close, I’m so close. I feel the slightest bit leak into my panties. I bite my lip.

Thirty seconds.

She motions for me to stand up. I do so slowly. The gravity makes the pressure a million times worse.

Ten seconds.

She puts her hands on the belt.

Five seconds.

Four.

Three.

Two.

One.

*060*2018-04-07 16:28

Chapter 12

Remember to give feedback!

###

”Oh my god oh my god oh my god-“ I squeezed my legs together and jammed my hand into my crotch. “Tiana please- Oh my god is coming out it’s coming out!” I feel my muscles weaken, the pressure from both the belt and the river inside too much on my poor bladder. A spurt escapes and I yelp.

Tiana struggles with the belt, then finally manages to loosen it and pull it off of me. I let out a loud sigh of relief as my bladder bulges out. I lean into her and she catches me, then sits me back down on the bed.

“Good girl, Elena. Very good girl. Do you feel better?”

“Yes, the added pressure is gone. But there’s still so much inside of me. I can’t hold much longer, miss.” I rest my hand over my bladder. It feels so good, so full. It’s amazing.

“Lay down, Elena.”

I do as told and lay down flat. It’s definitely not very comfortable, but at least I’m not standing. She pulls up my shirt and down my pants. I look down at my bladder to see it’s bulging out greatly. I squeeze my thighs together.

“Look at you. So good for me, you’ll do anything I say, won’t you? My girl.” She places her hand on my bladder and I wince in anticipation. She rubs back and forth gently, feeling up and down the bulge protruding from my abdomen. “Keep holding.” She takes one finger and pushes down right in the middle of the bulge.

”Ah! Mm, no, please,” I yell out, grabbing her wrists and pulling her hands away. She looks at me, and I know I’ve done something wrong.

”Bad girl. You are supposed to let me do what I want.” She stands up and pulls handcuffs out of the drawer. “I guess I have no choice.”

“No, please mistress I promise I’ll be good please-“ I beg. She ignores me and grabs my wrists, handcuffing my hands to each side of the bed frame. I decide it’s better to not struggle. I press my legs together and sigh. She places her hand back on my bladder and pushes again. I yelp and cross my legs. It hurts, but feels so good at the same time. It’s crazy.

Suddenly, I get a big urge and cry out, squeezing my legs together and tears welling at my eyes. She moves her hand down to my crotch and rubs my clit, and the urge goes away quickly. I start to grind against her finger and she looks at me curiously, before reaching into the box and pulling out a small, pink, plastic object. She places it on my clit and I start to grind against it, when suddenly I feel it start vibrating.

“Ah! Mm, ahh~,” I moan loudly. She puts down the pink controller in her hand and puts her hand back on my bladder. As I moan and grind against the small pink vibe, she presses against my bladder with the bottom of her palm. “Aaah, mm, hhmmm” It feels so good, the vibrations against my senstitive clitoris and the pressure on my giant bladder feels so amazing. I find myself bucking my hips towards her hand, and she flips the switch on the vibe controller to make it go on high.

Its all too much and my moans fill the room as I’m filled with ecstasy while I orgasm. I ride out the orgasm, and when I’m done, I lay back down flat on the bed and breathe heavy. She turns it off and as I’m falling off the orgasm, I feel the pressure in my bladder yell at me. Suddenly, the pleasure is gone and I’m squirming and crossing my legs and whinpering as the liquid inside my bladder yells to get out. She bites her lip, then reaches up and unlocks my handcuffs. My hands go straight to my crotch and I whine as I try my hardest to hold it in.

I leak once, than twice as I’m sitting up. She helps me to my feet as I whine and whimper. All the liquid that was pent up in my bladder is making its way out as my muscles fail, and large spurts fall into my hands and drip down my legs. Tiana helps my stand, and then lets go of me.

I lose control. The pee runs out of me, making lines on my grey pants that lead to a puddle forming on the floor. I moan at the relief and my knees buckle, and I sit down on the floor as the piss streams out of me. Tiana is staring, wide-eyed, then walks over to me as the stream slows down. The rest comes out in spurts, and it takes a few minutes for my bladder to feel empty. She sits down on top of my legs and I lean against the wall. She makes out with me, grinding against my leg until she cums and empties her own bladder.

“Good... girl...” She manages to get out before leaning against my shoulder and closing her eyes.

“Thank you.”

*062*2018-11-06 15:19

Chapter 13

Hey, guys. It’s been a crazy long time. Sorry. I hope you guys still remember me! Hope you like this chapter, have a good day! Also, go out and vote!

###

Once the puddle got cold, we cleaned up ourselves and the floor. Soon, a knock, knock came from the door. Cautiously, Tiana stood and opened it. Standing there, in a suit and tie, with hair pulled up into a bun and stubble growing nicely on his jaw, was Sir.

“Hello, Sir,” Tiana and I greeted. I crossed my arms and backed up, standing behind Tiana like a scared kid. It was awkward, me and Tiana standing in just bathrobes while a well-dressed psychopath looks us over.

“You two look nice. Have you enjoyed your day off?” He says, his voice slick, flowing into my ears like soft jazz. He steps forward, now only a few feet away from us.

“Yes, Sir.” Tiana chimes, her voice high-pitched and sickly sweet. “Why have you come to visit?”

”Oh, I just wanted to see how my girls were doing.” He steps closer and puts a hand on my shoulder. I reflexively pull away, but he keeps his grip firm. “Has she been treating you right, Elena?”

“Oh, yes, Sir. She has treated me very right.” I smirk, and Tiana giggles.

He loses face for a moment, then goes back to his cocky, attractive self. “Good, good. I’m glad to see you are getting to know each other,” he states, a grin sneaking onto his face as something else begins to grow in his pants. I felt a chill run down my back, and my cheeks grow hot.

“What would you two ladies like for dinner?” He trills, his demeanor slowly weakening as his wants start to take him over. I notice him biting his lip and looking at Tiana in a manner I don’t appreciate. His eyes go between Tiana and I’s bodies, as he longs for one of our touch.

“Maybe... a pasta? Fettuccine, or perhaps a tortellini with truffle grated on top.” I purr.

To see this man lose his pride and arrogance as he hears my voice and looks at my body brings me more pleasure than i anticipated.

He nods. “That sounds wonderful. I will have it up in a moment.” He types something into his watch and sits down on the seat in the corner, his legs spread, asserting his dominance. Tiana looks at me, then whispers something in my ear.

“Listen... you should just try it. If you’re never getting out, you might as well get off while you can.” She gestures to him, as he tries to hold his composure. His pants are stretched over his large member. I lick my lips and nervously step towards him, Tiana following close behind. He looks up in surprise as I slink towards him, using my best bedroom-eyes. He laughs a little, and I try not to think about how stupid I probably look.

I crawl onto him, my arms wrapped around his neck and my legs on either side of his body. He seems surprised, but not at all reluctant. This is probably the fastest any new girl has come to like him. I breathe onto his neck and start to bite and suck, trying my best to leave a mark. Almost by instinct, I start to grind against his erection and moan into his neck. He wraps his arms around me, kneading at my ass.

As I continue to grind, I can’t help but feel another bulge-though this time, it’s protruding from his abdomen.

I reach my hand down and start to unzip his pants, though instead of taking them off, I push down hard on his bladder.

“Fuck!”

*064*2018-11-22 03:17

Chapter 14

I hope y’all have a great thanksgiving!

###

“Fuck!” He yells. His legs snap shut and he pushes me off, sending me tumbling to the carpet.

I hit my head, as well as land right on the wrist I had sprained. Pain shoots up my arm, but I don’t let it phase me. I stand up and run to Tiana, who stands shocked at what I’ve done. The small act of defiance gives me a burst of energy, and I’m tempted to end him right then and there.

Something stops me.

Though it only lasts for a few moments, the sight of such a put-together, slick, arrogant man sent into squirms because of me is incredibly empowering.

After gathering his wits, he stands and begins to stomp towards me. My bravery is quickly replaced with fear as he looks into me, and I back up until I’m cornered. He places his hands on the walls on either side of me, blocking me in. Tears bite at corners of my eyes and I shut them tight, turning my head to not face him.

I peek and his expression changes, going from stark anger to a sympathetic, reluctant look. I look at Tiana who stands behind him, and she shrugs. She motions for me to kneel, then makes a phallic motion. Tears roll down my face as I fall to my knees, and try to reach for his cock. He backs away and zips up his pants, looking down at me. I don’t dare look up at him.

”Goddammit.” He walks away and out the door, slamming it behind him.

Tiana stares at the door.

I break down into loud sobs and crawl towards the window. I start to punch the cold glass with my good arm, my knuckles slowly bruising and the skin breaking until they are bloody. Tears run down my cheeks, meeting at my chin, then falling onto my chest.

My sobs only get louder, until they are screams, piercing the silence of the house. I hear doors close down the hall, and the murmurs of the other women. I keep punching the window, staring out onto the street. I beg the window to break, I pray to a god I don’t believe in, and I don’t stop till I fall to the ground and my hand throbs as blood drips onto the carpet.

Tiana looks at me, but does not comfort me. Instead, she gets into her bed silently and turns off the light.

My screams continue to pierce the night, echoing through the halls, until my throat burns and my eyes run dry.

I let the darkness consume me, and I fall asleep.

###

I'm sorry it was a short chapter, but i felt that the emotions need to be looked into more.

*066*2018-11-23 05:26

Chapter 15

I know y’all aren’t here for emotions but I promise the omorashi aspect will be further explored with time. I’d like to become more dedicated to this, and I’m trying to have a solid plot. If you’re looking for piss right this minute, this might not be the place to look. Hope y’all are enjoying. TW suggested rape

###

I awaken in the black room, the bright lights piercing my eyes. No. Not again. Please no more.

In walks a man I recognize. I reflexively back into the corner and hide myself. He places a paper tray in the middle of the room, about four feet away from me. I quiver as he starts to walk towards me, and he places his hand on my shoulder.

“Eat up, Mercy. You’ll need the energy.”

He turns and exits the room, locking it behind him.

After I think he’s far away, I throw myself into the center of the room and start stuffing my face with the bread and soup he had brought for me. Afterwards, I chug the cup of tea and then put everything on the tray and slide it to the door. I back up into my corner again and wrap myself in the thin blanket I had been provided. I heard his footsteps begin to approach and I kneel, bringing my forehead to the ground.

He walks in, takes my tray, then comes back with a leash. I raise my head towards him and he latches it to my electric collar. I stand up and follow him out the door.

###

”No... stop... not again... please...Mercy...”

Tiana awoke to Elena mumbling to herself. Her hands were covered in blood and she had curled herself into a ball, obviously having a nightmare.

Tiana stretches before rising out of bed and poking Elena in the side.

“Stop!” I yelp.

”Hey, hey,” Tiana’s soft voice soothes me, “You were having a nightmare.”

I sit up and throw myself into Tiana, and thank her. She wasn’t him. I was okay. It was just a bad dream.

She seemed suprised, but then sunk into the hug and held me.

After a few moments of silence, Tiana asks,

“Elena?”

”hm?”

”Who is Mercy?”

###

Woah, even shorter chapter. Sorry. It will be explained later.

*068*2018-12-15 13:28

Chapter 16

Hey, it’s been a while again. I’m sorry.

###

“I... don’t wanna talk about it. It’s nothing.”

“Are you sure, Elena?”

”Yes. Just... let me be. I’m okay.”

I struggle to push myself up, my hands throbbing and the dry blood cracking. I walk towards the door and open it, and head towards the kitchen. The other girls exit their rooms as well, stretching and yawning. It’s just another day for them.

I walk towards the sink and wash my hands, my bladder sending signals to my brain that I have to pee. I try to brush it off, knowing that there is no point in trying to use the restroom.

I turn off the water, and turn around. Theo is standing there, holding some ointment.

”I am so sorry. I know you don’t want to be here. I’m sorry. I wish I could get out too.” Her voice is comforting. She rubs my hands with the cream, then gives me a big hug. I sink into her body and hug back, standing like this for a while. I’m thankful for her.

She lets go.

“Sorry, honey. I have to make breakfast.”

“It’s okay. Thank you.”

She nods, and then sends me to the living room. On the TV plays a comedic morning show, Good Mythical Morning. I sit down on the couch next to one of the twins, though I didn’t know which one. My bladder alarms me again, and I try to ignore it. None of the other girls seem to mind, so i don’t wanna show I’m weak.

Tiana walks in, and sits down next to me. She puts her hand on my thigh and watches the show with me. I lean on her shoulder and sigh. I guess this is it.

“Breakfast!” Theo yells. The girls stand and walk into the kitchen. I start to stand up, but Tiana pushes me back down.

“I’ll get yours.”

“Thanks, babe.”

She comes back with a plate of eggs, bacon, and toast. I put it on my lap and start to eat, ignoring the can of coke she brought with her.

In walks Sir, with Taylor following close behind. Her hair doesn’t cover the hickeys on her neck, and her face flushes red as we all assume what happened.

“Ladies...” Sir purrs. “I have a surprise for you.”

We look at Taylor, but she just shrugs. She doesn’t know.

“I know you aren’t all raging lesbians, and I know you can get tired of this bomb ass dick,”

The whole room laughs. At least Sir has a sense of humor.

“So I have brought you a gift.” He motions down the hallway, and in walks something that none of us expected.

A guy.

*071*2018-12-22 05:27

Chapter 17

Its nearly Christmas! and this episode is the Christmas special!

###

Chatter fills the room as we watch the young man stand next to Sir.

He’s very pretty, feminine but dominant. It looks like he might wear makeup. His hair is short, shaved on the sides and a black quiff on top. He’s tan, like a stained wood, and he smells like cologne. His eyes are dark green, and they gaze over us.

While he looks like he could kill any one of us in a heartbeat, he stands shorter than Sir and has a more lean body than the taller man. While Sir stands 6’4, has large biceps and wide shoulders, this young man, standing about 6’0, is more lean and kind looking. While Sir would ram us into the bed, he would whisper in our ears as he softly made love to us.

But that’s not what I should be thinking about.

”Ladies, this is Jerimiah. I recently bought him from a friend of mine, and he is certainly a talented boy. Not only has he been serving people like me ever since he turned eighteen, he has a bladder capacity of 1,200 mL.” Sir props his arm on Jeremiah’s shoulder and Jeremiah blushes. “He’s a great boy. And more importantly, he’s all of your Christmas gifts. You’ll be getting your own individual gifts soon, but for now, he is all yours.”

The women around me seem quite excited, but also confused. Of course, we won’t complain. This guy is a stud.

“Well, I’ll talk to you ladies later. Enjoy~” Sir walks back to his cave, leaving our gift standing in the doorway.

Taylor and Kai-Lan approach and start to flirt immediately, while the other ladies wait, cautious of who he is and what he has been sent for.

He walks around the room and we stand as we introduce ourselves, one by one. As we shake hands, his lingers for a moment in mine. We make eye contact, he nods, and moves to the next woman.

What’s this guy’s deal?

He seems to be getting along just fine with the other ladies, chatting and flirting away. Even Tiana has let her guard down.

I join, but I stay cautious, quiet. I can’t seem to wrap my head around this guy.

Soon, we’re all just sitting around, not doing much. No one seems to really care when Kai runs off with Jerimiah, or when she comes back and calls him Jer-Bear.

I break the silence.

“You guys want some popcorn or something?” I ask. After a few moments, I get some nods and agreements. I walk towards the kitchen, but I catch a glimmer out of the corner of my eye.

Standing the entryway is the largest Christmas tree I’ve ever seen, surrounded by hundreds of beautifully wrapped gifts. The lights glimmer and shine, hypnotizing me. This is the most gorgeous thing I’ve ever seen.

I quickly hurry back and drag all the girls into the entryway, where they all have similar reactions. We look at each other, then back at the tree, then at Sir’s door, and so on. We tap our feet with excitement, and Sir appears behind us.

“Go ahead.”

We all run forward, digging at the presents to find the ones with our names on them. Each of us got many presents, and we all got at least one sex toy. Some of us got more than one.

I find all the ones with my name on them and retreat to sit on the stairs, where I open them all.

In one is a bag of Lindor dark chocolate. In another, a giant teddy bear. In the third, fourth, and fifth were lots of gorgeous, expensive clothes. Ballroom gowns, elegant handbags, beautifully made costumes. In the sixth was a fluffy pink bondage set, and a hand-blown glass dildo. Despite its phallic nature, it was gorgeous.

And in the seventh was the most beautiful necklace I’ve ever seen. Strung on a thin solid silver chain was strings of diamonds, and when Sir saw I had gotten to it, he walked up to me and took it, wrapping it around my neck and clasping it. He turns me around and smiles, then kisses my forehead. I blush and smile back.

Maybe I’ll be alright.

As soon as he leaves, Jeremiah walks up to me and starts flirting, touching my body and leading me up the stairs. I protest, wanting to be faithful to Tiana. He doesn’t listen to my demands, and drags me up the stairs, covering my mouth. He opens the door and slams me onto the bed. I try to scream but his hand is clasped firmly over my mouth, and I try to scratch and kick and bite but he is faster and stronger than me.

I brace myself. This isn’t the first time, and probably isn’t the last. Tears bite at my eyes as I expect him to undress me and hurt me.

But he doesn’t.

Instead, he just locks the door and walks next to the bed. I stand up and move towards the door, but he motions for me to stop.

”I’m sorry. I promise I’m trying to help you.” He looks around. “Listen, just get on the bed and act like you’re into it. This is the only room without microphones.”

”Then why do I have to be on the bed?”

“There’s still cameras. I’m sure he’s watching right now, ready to watch us fuck. But I don’t really want to. Just come here.”

I hesitantly walk closer to him, and he leans in as though he’s about to kiss me. Instead, he grabs my hips and whispers something to me.

”I’m going to help you.” He pauses, and pulls back. We stand a few feet away from each other.

He turns around and unlocks the door, and I walk towards it. He stands in the doorway, and I try to walk away. I take my first step down the stairs before he calls after me again.

“It’s gonna be okay, Mercy.”

*073*2018-12-24 01:58

Chapter 18

I really wanted to save this chapter till after the holidays but I can’t help myself!

###

I turn around.

”How the fuck do you know that?”

”You don’t recognize me?”

I look at him, trying to analyze him. I mean, I guess he looks familiar, but doesn’t every tall white guy?

“Really? Here,” he pauses, clears his throat, and says in a pained, small voice, “Hello? Is anyone there? ... What’s your name? ... Mercy? ... Pretty name...”

Tears start to well up in my eyes.

“James...”

He nods.

“James, oh my god, James!” I shout, and run into his arms. I squeeze him tight, never wanting to let go. My James.

“Shh, you know no one else knows.”

He hugs me back.

James was all I had.

It hurts me to remember what I’ve been through.

We walk back into his room and sit on the bed. I really hope he’s right, and the room has no mics.

“James.. you don’t know how much I missed you. I thought you were dead.”

”Well, I’m not,” he says facetiously.

I roll my eyes. “Obviously, you aren’t.“

I look at him, and start thinking out loud.

“You really were all I had. I was stolen, kidnapped, thrown into a cage and sold to men-and women-for use. But when I heard your voice in the cage next to me, I didn’t feel alone anymore. I didn’t even know boys were in the sex trade. I always cried for days when you were shipped away. And I was beaten for it. Can you believe they finally got tired of my bullshit enough to put us together? I was so happy. I was so numb with the daily work, and you made me feel something. You gave me hope.” I fidget. “No matter what we were forced to do, you tried to protect me. And what they made us do together. You asked. You were so nice to me. After I escaped, I knew better than to be the same person. I changed my name and ran away. I moved in with an elderly couple and I got a job but all I could ever think about was you.”

“I missed you too, Mercy. But I knew you were safe, and that was what mattered.”

”What happened when I left?” I ask.

“A whole lot of shit. No one could figure out how you escaped, but you inspired others. But I kept working. And I was sold to a million different people, juggled around farms and mills. And then Sir bought me. Even though they told him about everything I’ve done, and how terrible of a pet I was, he said he didn’t care. He needed a gift for his girls. I actually got here last night, and he took really good care of me. I wasn’t in a very good mill recently, so I was pretty beat up. But he let me bathe and he gave me nice clothes and he was so nice to me. He treated me so well.” He sighs and puts his head in his hands. “I’m so lucky I found you.”

I leaned in and gave him a big hug. He hugged back.

And I felt safe.

