Picnic piss-Persona 5 makoto story

Author: Bob222

*000*2025-04-04 01:31

Akira had never really considered himself a romantic person, he always tried whenever he was in a relationship to keep the other person happy, but ever since his criminal conviction happened, the idea of having a relationship at all had left his mind. Until, his crush, Makoto Niijima, had confessed her feelings for him. He couldn’t believe it, he was in a relationship with the girl he had the biggest crush on for months. Even after he went back to his hometown and she went off to college the two of them kept in touch, meeting with each other as often as they could.

For their 1 year anniversary, Akira decided to have a picnic with her, it wasn’t much, but Makoto appreciated the sentiment, spending time with him was more important to her then having something grand happen.

The location Akira picked out for them was an open field, far away from the cities which they had become so accustomed to. There wasn’t a single building in the vicinity and barely anyone passed by. More importantly, this also meant there were no bathrooms nearby.

“I really love this Akira” Makoto said as she moved in closer to him while opening up her 4th water bottle. The late summer heat had been getting to her. Makoto was wearing a white shirt with a short jacket on top of it with grey jeans, the white shirt left her stomach partially exposed.

“You sure that’s a good idea? There’s no bathrooms nearby remember” he reminded her, seeing her drink almost half of the bottle in one go.

“It’s ok, I can hold it.”

The two of them sat together, enjoying the food while talking about whatever came to mind. Makoto’s workload, Akira’s studies (which Makoto was certain to remind him of the importance of) and their time together in the past year, they talked for so long they lost track of time.

“Remember that time you got your ass stuck in the vents of shido’s palace” he mentioned while lightly laughing at it.

“Hey, you know that was an accident” she retorted

“I guess having a big ass has its downsides”

Makoto pouted at this, “it’s not that big”

“Last month you got stuck in your own pants” Akira said as Makoto looked down, embarrassed.

“And, I like seeing your ass in jeans” He said, smirking as he did, causing Makoto’s face to flare up in embarrassment.

“Well…play your cards right and you’ll see it without any jeans on,” Makoto said, trying to regain control of the situation after Akira threw her off guard. The two of them laughed it off, moving closer to kiss. Both of them closed their eyes, ready, when Makoto suddenly stopped, gripping her crotch desperately.

“Makoto, is something wrong?”

“No no just…I need the restroom.”

“I told you all that water would come back”

“Oh god, I should have gone before we left. There's no way I can reach the closest bathrooms.”

Makoto went silent, panicking as she worried about how to solve the problem, when Akira spoke up.

“I mean, this is a field, the whole area is your bathroom.” Makoto couldn’t believe what she was hearing, was he seriously suggesting she should pee outside, there’s no way she could do that.

“Hu-huh! No way!”

“Why not? I’d do it”

“We-well, unlike some people I have enough standards to not go outside” she said, snarkily looking at him as she held her bladder back.

Makoto’s body stopped shaking as she relaxed. “Ok, I think it’s gone now” she said, believing what just happened to be a random hit of her bladder.

“Are you sure? We can leave early if you need too”

“No need, I can hold it” she said, sitting back down next to him. Akira decided not to bother questioning her further, instead choosing to keep talking about their past.

20 minutes later

Makoto was on the verge of pissing herself, at least, it was obvious to Akira that was the case. Makoto was convinced she could hold it in if she just tried, she must be determined to not piss outside at all costs.

“I’m…fine…just give me a moment-KYAA!” she interrupted herself as she grabbed her stomach, it seemed her delaying her bladder was causing her actual discomfort. This was the breaking point for Akira, he wasn’t gonna let her be in pain, but he knew he needed to convince her to just go now.

Akira, keeping his cool, walked over to her, resting his hands on her side. Makoto was under the impression that he was trying to calm her down. She wasn’t expecting what happened next.

In one swift motion, Akira pulled her jeans fully down, exposing her panties to thankfully just him as no one was nearby. Makoto blushed and was going to yell, when she heard him say something.

“Buchimaru panties huh.” Makoto went as red as her eyes. Panicking as she tried to come up with any excuse for why she was still wearing something considered so childish.

“I-it-we-well, I just…didn’t have any spares, I swear! I-” Makoto got cut off as Akira interrupted her.

“Makoto calm down, i would never judge or question you for wearing those, if you like them then wear them…but, are you sure you wanna risk wetting those ones?”

Makoto went silent, wondering what he meant.

“I mean, I know you wouldn’t want to wet yourself at all, but, especially when your in Buchimaru ones” Makoto stood there for a moment, debating what he just said. Akira went to speak again but stopped as he saw Makoto, in one swift motion, pull her panties completely down, stepping out of her jeans and panties leaving her completely exposed.

Makoto crouched down just next to her clothes as she yelled. “L-look away!” she said as she got into position to piss. Akira couldn’t deny he was a bit upset he didn’t get to see her go, but he wanted to let his girlfriend go with as little pressure as possible.

Akira decided to take a moment and take in the nearby sights, he had a feeling she was gonna take a while to go. He looked out at the hill in the valley they had their picnic on, he hadn’t noticed until recently that there were a lot of nearby bushes and trees, possibly the beginning of a forest. Akira peeked down the hill, and saw something, something which was gonna cause a lot of problems.

***

Makoto’s POV

“L-look away!” she had yelled at him as she crouched down, her bladder was at its breaking point, she looked over her shoulder to make sure he was looking away, which he thankfully was. Makoto began to relax, which was difficult, even without him looking at her the whole scenario was stressful, if someone were to suddenly come up the hill, she’d be fully exposed, thankfully the chances of that happening was little to none.

After a couple minutes of pushing and waiting, she began to piss. The stream was small but very precise, coming out with a ton of force behind it, even if the amount coming out meant she would be here for a while, Makoto let out a sigh of relief as she calmed down, until she felt something.

Akira had grabbed her by the shoulders, lifting her up and running backwards into the nearby woods. Makoto began to freak out, she knew Akira wouldn’t do anything malicious but she was still confused at the moment, especially since she couldn’t stop her stream no matter how much she tried.

After they backed up a short distance away from the picnic blanket, Akira pulled her behind a moderately large tree, keeping her held up to avoid any urine getting on himself or her.

“Be quiet,” he said.

“Huh? What are you doing?” she quietly said to him with a slightly stern tone of voice.

“A group was coming, you wouldn’t have finished in time…are you still pissing?”

“Hard to get much going when you're in a situation like this ya know” she said to him, by now she heard the voice of a bunch of people walking over the area they were just in.

As the two of them hid behind the tree, Makoto’s stream beginning to slow down, they heard the conversation the group was having

“Hey i think someone’s jeans and underwear are here” one of the people said, the group seemed to be cleaning the environment as evidenced by their garbage bags.

“Should we leave these here, whoever it was might come back soon.” they added on.

“Sure this isn’t just someone using this area as a dumping ground, those are adult jeans but those are Buchimaru panties” the other person responded.

“Hmm…come back in like 20 minutes, if they’re still here we toss them” the first cleaner said as they left the area.

After making sure the cleaners had left, Akira ran over to grab Makoto’s pants and panties, taking them back over to Makoto which she quickly got changed back into. As she changed, Akira did take the moment to admire her ass. After a few seconds he went back over to pick up all the stuff from the picnic.

“That was way too close” she said

“You're telling me, I barely avoided getting pissed on” he smugly replied.

“Hey, well you could have at least warned me” she said back while pouting.

Akira laughed it off as Makoto continued to pout while cleaning up. Collecting the last of their belongings and walking back home. holding each other tightly as they did.

