Identity Crisis

Author: bibibibi

*000*2018-11-08 00:13

Found this online I think in Google Books

Keatie wants to pee like boys do. She's been trying to do it for years, ever since she was being potty trained and she found out that Dad and Allen got to pee standing up and aim at things. I'm willing to bet that Keatie has tried harder than any female in the history of the world to figure out a away for girls to pee standing up. She sued to practice in our front yard until my mom realized what she was doing, and then she was relegated to the backyard, so as not to disturb the neighbors. Allen thinks it's great.

Her best friend, Chewy, who lives down the street, thought it was weird that she always asked him questions about how he peed. At that point, he might not have realized that she wasn't a boy, either.

Sometimes I wonder if Keatie should have been born a boy, like those people on talk shows who say they're women trapped in men's bodies. She wears boys' underwear - maybe that along With the peeing thing, though. She's really into boxer shorts right now; before that, she liked briefs with superhero graphics on them. She doesn't have any friends who are girls because she thinks they're boring, and she's always trying to be like Allen - she plays soccer and video games, likes he likes same docs. She even hangs around and hands him tools while he works on his car. They look a little bit alike, too; Katie has this messy flaming red hair; Allen's is less red, more brown, but they look more related to other than do to each other than I do to either of them. I have straight brown hair.

Anyway, Keatie may just have an overactive imagination or an obsession with the identities Of Other people. Chewy has an exchange Student named Toshi living with him. Since he came to stay, Keatie has been taping the sides of her eyes back to try to get them to look like Toshi's and using my mom's mascara to blacken her red hair. Which looks pretty hilarious, like she's in a neopunk band or something. Chewy's mom says that Keatie spends more time with Toshi than with Chewy these days, asking him questions he can't answers about Japan and Mount Fuji and samurai.

I don't blame her really, for wanting to be somebody else

