Hassan's blushing winter

Author: bortenbasher

*000*2023-06-07 18:59

Hassan crossed his legs as the bus AC blasted cold air at him. He had been trying to turn the damn thing off for the past hour and a half, but the dial was broken, so he had no choice but to endure.

A strong spasm from his bladder made him wince, and the man in the seat next to him looked over. “Everything alright, son?” The older man asked.

“Yes, yes,” Hassan replied, sitting up straighter. “It’s just my muscles cramping from being on the bus this long.” He didn’t want to admit that he was absolutely bursting to pee at 18 years of age.

He was traveling to the nearby town of Peshawar to visit his aunt Anita during the winter vacations, and although it was just supposed to be a short two-hour bus ride, some construction along the highway had forced them to reroute.

He squeezed his thighs together and steeled his resolve. He was desperate for sure, but it was only a little while longer to go, and he had no choice but to endure the pain for the remainder of the journey.

I just wish it wasn’t this cold, he thought to himself.

They were nearing their destination, but this meant that the bus was now having to navigate the heavy city traffic. He cursed under his breath as they stopped at another red light, and slyly slipped a hand between his legs to hold himself directly.

The man sitting next to him was scrolling through his phone, so he wasn’t any wiser as to where Hassan had put his hand. He felt another strong twinge in his bladder, and once more he had to tense every muscle in his body to hold on.

He hadn’t had to pee this bad for so many years now. He was always careful with going to the bathroom, so this sort of situation was unprecedented for him.

The bus crept along slowly, and Hassan’s need increased with every passing second. By the time the bus finally stopped, and the pressurized doors sprang open, Hassan was almost doubled over by the pain of holding it.

He got to his feet, legs squished tightly against each other, and shuffled through the aisle. Even the few steps that it took to get down from the bus to the ground were torture for his sloshing bladder.

Unsurprisingly, his aunt was already waiting for him when he got out of the bus. “Hey.” She smiled at him, and then frowned seeing his condition. “Is everything alright, Hassan?” She asked.

Hassan just shuffled past her towards the large sign that read ‘TOILET’. “I have to go to the bathroom,” he said. “I’ll be back.”

“Oh,” was all his aunt said as he half-walked, half-hobbled through the bus terminal. He rushed into the bathroom, and found the first stall with an empty door. He rushed inside, kicked the door closed with his foot, and then started struggling with his belt.

“Fuck,” he cursed, when his belt put up some resistance. “No.” He felt another strong surge from his bladder, and a shiver ran up his spine as a small spurt of pee forced its way through his peehole and stained the front of his boxers.

Thankfully, that was the exact moment that his belt came undone.

He pulled his pants down in one swift go and almost instantly after he lost control of his bladder, a thick stream pouring out into the bowl.

“Fuuuuck,” he sighed, and braced himself against the wall as he continued to pee. It was scary how he had lost control, but it had only been for a second. His jeans were still dry, and there was barely a wet spot on his boxers. It had been a close thing, but he had made it in the end.

Of course he had. He was a grown boy who was heading off to college next year. He was here to teach a basic programming course to younger children in his aunt’s school. There was no way he had ever been in any real danger.

And the small wet spot on his boxers, well, how was that any different from times when he would forget to shake his thing after he was done peeing and a little bit of wetness would sneak through?

He finished peeing, washed his hand, and made his way back to the bus where his aunt was still waiting for him.

“I hope you made it in time,” she laughed lightly as she said this, and Hassan fought off a blush.

Even if he had never been in any real danger of having an accident, he had still behaved rather childishly in front of his aunt.

He laughed, a little unconvincingly, alongside her. “Of course I did aunty, quit pulling my leg.” He was a grown up now, and he would make sure his aunt knew it.

“Let’s get going then,” she said. “I already went ahead and got your bag from the luggage compartment, and I’m sure you’re famished.”

They loaded his bags into the trunk of her car, and they set off for her home.

Hassan’s aunt Anita was a pretty woman in her late 30’s. She had been married to his dad’s younger brother before he passed away six years ago, but the family was still close with her. Hassan had never admitted it to anyone, but he had always had a little crush on aunt Anita.

It wasn’t anything weird. And they weren’t related anyway, so it didn’t matter. She was still a very attractive woman. She had fair skin, a round but pretty face, and an hourglass figure.

As they drove towards her home, she asked him about all the courses he would take when he finally went off to college. She talked about the challenges of running her own school, and how teaching a small course to younger children would help with his college applications.

They went home, ate a traditional meal of Kabuli Pulao, and then watched some T.V for a few more hours.

“I think we better turn in then,” his aunt said at around 10:00 p.m. “It’s a school night.”

They said their goodnights, Hassan gulped down another glass of water, and then they went into separate rooms to drift off to sleep.

To be continued

*001*2023-06-08 19:37

Chapter 2:

Hassan was back in the bus, only this time he needed to go much much worse. And to top it all off, the bus now had a burst tyre. He shuffled his way across the aisle, hands buried in his crotch, until he met the hostess at the front.

"How long are we gonna be stopped for?" He asked, hopping from one foot to the other like a child.

"Why?" The hostess laughed at him. "Do you have to go potty?"

"What?" He blushed beet red. "No. I just mean —" But before he had a chance to deny the accusation the entire bus started laughing at him. He felt tears well up in his eyes as he ran off the bus, and found himself sitting in Mr.Kiyani's classroom. "Sir!" He raises his hand. "Can I please be excused?"

"Why?" The old teacher asked him. "Are you having trouble holding it in?"

And again, before he could even get a word out, the entire class started laughing at him once more.

He ran out of the classroom, and found himself sitting in the car with his aunt.

"Hassan," she looked at him. "Just try and hold it in for a while. I'll try to find a rest area up ahead."

But Hassan was nearing the end of his line. He twisted one leg across the other, and grabbed as tightly as he could to his dick to stop the unthinkable from happening. Before long, his aunt stopped the car, and looked at him with a worried expression. "Just get out and go here," she said. "There's no one around to see you."

Hassan did as commanded, but as soon as he stepped out of the car he found himself in a crowded supermarket with a sign for the toilets no where in sight.

He was fast approaching the end of his endurance.

"Shit," he cursed, as a particularly strong spasm from his bladder made him wince. "I can't hold it for much longer. I have to go NOW."

He looked around frantically until his eyes fell upon a large water bottle on display in one of the aisles. "Desperate measures," he muttered to himself, and grabbed the bottle of the counter. He pulled his pants down in the middle of the store, his bladder close to bursting, and just as he was about to let loose inside the bottle his eyes shot open.

Suddenly, he wasn't inside a bus or a car or his classroom or even a supermarket. He was in bed, in a room he didn't quite know. And he was absolutely bursting for a pee.

He squirmed, twisting his legs and grabbing at his crotch as another strong wave of desperation spasmed through his body.

It took a few seconds to piece together how he'd gotten here.

He was in his aunt's house, in the guestroom. He had come here last night, and he had drank an excessive amount of water last night before bed.

He cursed his stupidity and threw off the covers.

His blue pajamas were wrinkled and streaked with sweat as he jumped off the bed, jolting his bladder.

The bathroom was right across the living room, but in his current situation, he felt that it might well have been a dozen miles away.

Still, he had no choice but to get there, even if it meant a lot of painful steps.

He steeled himself one final time, and hands still buried into his crotch, started running towards the bathroom. His bladder threatened to burst with every step he took, and his aunt — who had already gotten up and was sitting in the living room sipping her tea — called out to him as he ran across the floor.

"Hassan?" She asked, as he bolted to the bathroom. "What happened?"

He didn't bother answering, and ran straight through the door, slipping his trousers down even before he'd reached the toilet bowl. He released a powerful stream as soon as he reached the toilet, and sighed in relief as the bathroom steamed with his golden release. He only noticed the door was open when his aunt coughed, rather deliberately, from where she sat in the living room.

Had he been showing her his buttocks the entire time he stood here with his pants down? Just the thought made him blush. When he finally finished his business and turned around to face the door, he found his aunt's eyes glued to the T.V. But he could be fairly certain that she had gotten a good view of his backside as he pulled his pants down.

How humiliating!

Still, there was nothing to be done. These things happened from time to time, and he hoped that she wouldn't bring it up.

He washed his hands, cleaned up, brushed his teeth and exited the bathroom to join his aunt in the living room. She looked up she saw him coming, and gave him a warm smile.

"You really had to go, huh?" She asked, the smile still on her face.

He scratched his head and laughed lightly as he took a seat across from her. "Ha ha ha," he said, trying to make light of the situation. "I shouldn't have drank all that water before bed last night. It really caught up with me fast." It had been an embarrassing situation for sure, but there was never any real danger of him actually having an accident. These things happened to everyone. Sometimes you needed to go really bad and it would hurt for a bit, and all you could do as a grown up was endure the pain until you found a bathroom.

That's what it was like for everyone. Even his aunt must have those situations happen to her from time to time.

It wasn't like those times when he was still 12 and had the occasional bedwetting accidents. That time was far behind him. He was a grown up now. On his way to college. Heck, he was here to be a teacher in his aunt's school.

If anything, this uncanny ability to hold his pee back for long periods of time was a good thing. It would help him during long sessions with the children and during tough exams when he finally went off to college.

"I'll introduce you to the class today," Aunt Anita said as she finished her tea. "You just get to know them for now. A lot of them are almost your age."

"Oh," I said. "I thought they'd be younger."

"A few are," she replied. "But most of them are 17 or 18 like you. They just aren't as advanced at computer programming like you are."

I blushed at the compliment, and Aunt Anita smiled warmly at me once again.

"And in the evening," she said, getting up with her cup and making her way for the kitchen sink. "I'm attending a teacher's conference across town. You should come with me. I hear the catering is really good."

"That sounds like a great idea," I smiled back at her and rose to my feet. I was an adult after all. It only made sense that I taught classes and attended conferences.

To be continued...

*002*2023-06-09 21:55

Chapter 3:

CONTENT WARNING: CONTAINS DESCRIPTIONS OF POOP DESPERATION. AND A NON-EXPLICIT DESCRIPTION OF MESSING

The school was just a short 5 minute walk away from Aunt Anita's home.

Hassan dressed in a grey pair of briefs, some blue jeans, and a button-down shirt with a sweater on top. His aunt wore the tradition dress of a black Shalwar Kameez (A light, pleated trousers that were tight around her hips and a tunic on top.) And she wore a grey woolen blazer on top to combat the cold. They both looked professional as they walked to the school.

Aunt Anita introduced Hassan to the class he'd be teaching, and just like she'd said, most of the students were around his age. One girl in particular caught Hassan's eye. Her name was Maryam and she was just a couple of months younger than him. As soon as he laid eyes upon her, he decided that she was really pretty. She looked good in her white uniform shalwar kameez with her light brown hair left open.

He hit it off with her immediately, and he could tell that she was interested too.

Hassan didn't teach that day, he just used the 90 minute period to get to know the students and explained what sort of course they'd be doing. Hassan had already done some advanced programming courses in his spare time, which made him qualified to teach this class.

After the final bell rang, most of the students dispersed, but Maryam hung out with him for another hour before she , too, walked home. Hassan made his way to the principal's office — the principal in this case being his aunt, and knocked on her door.

"Come in," she said, and he entered.

"Do you think we can go back home now?" He asked. All the students left.

"Oh, I still have some reports to check. Do you mind waiting around for a bit?"

"Sure," he said. "But don't we need to leave for the conference pretty soon?"

"I think we'll just go from here," she replied. "We don't have to go back home."

"What about your car?" He asked.

"We'll just take a cab," she replied.

"Oh, alright aunty," he said, and then excused himself to go visit the restroom. He hadn't a chance to go since this morning, and he wanted to feel light as he went to the conference.

An hour or so later his aunt was done, and they both walked out onto the road where they hailed a cab and went over to the conference which was being held at a hotel across town. His aunt talked to the taxi driver in the local language Pashto which Hassan wasn't familiar with since it wasn't spoken in his hometown.

The conference passed by wonderfully. Hassan got to meet a lot of very educated people, and he learned a lot of things about the education industry in this part of the country. His aunt's school even won an award in the 'emerging schools' category. After the conference, the Peshawar Secondary Education association had hosted a dinner for all the attendees, and owing to the fact that they had barely eaten anything all day, Hassan and his aunt ended up overindulging quite a bit.

After all was said and done, they found themselves out in the cold night, on a barely empty road in search for another taxi. Peshawar wasn't a very big city, and people would shut up shop pretty quickly which meant that there wasn't a lot of activity during the night. So although it was barely 10 p.m. the road was almost completely empty.

Hassan had been feeling the effects of all the juices he'd during the conference, as well as all the food he'd eaten. Combine that with the cold December air, he was getting quite desperate for the toilet. He wrapped his arms around himself and shivered, pressing his legs closer together as he looked over at his aunt who was even now trying to hail a taxi.

"Aunty," he said. "Do you think we can walk back to the hotel and visit the restroom before leaving?" There was no shame in asking of course. It was a practical decision.

"Oh," she said. "I kind of have to go too." Now that she mentioned it, he realized that her body language had been a little uncomfortable as well. He scanned her lower body to see the telltale signs of desperation. She was swaying and moving her lower body subtly as she stood in the cold. "All that food is making its way right through me." She rubbed her belly and gave him a nervous laugh.

He laughed lightly along with her.

"So," Hassan said. "Let's head back inside? It'll just take a couple of minutes."

"That's a good idea," she had just finished speaking when they saw a beaten down yellow cab heading their way.

She hailed the cabby with a wave, and he stopped right in front of them.

"Garden Block jana hai. Kitna lo gay, bhai?" (Translation: How much will you charge, sir. We have to go to Garden Block.)

"500," the cabby, a man in his 50's, replied. And after a brief round of negotiations, they decided on a fare of 450 for the trip.

"Lets' go, Hassan." She turned to Hassan, who was caught in two minds.

"Don't you want to go to the bathroom?" He asked, secretly hoping that she'd say yes.

"It'll be harder to find another cab this late," she said. And he felt the muted sound of his aunt farting. She went on like nothing happened. Maybe she thought that he didn't notice. "We'll just go to the bathroom at home."

"Alright," Hassan said, and got into the cab. "It was only a 20 minute drive after all." He would bear the discomfort for a little while longer.

They both got into the backseat and the driver set off their destination.

Just a few hundred meters into their drive, his Aunt popped open the window and asked Hassan to do the same. "It feels stuffy in here," she told him. "You had better open your window."

Hassan, despite the adverse effects the cold wind would have on his bladder, did as she had asked.

The real reason Anita wanted the windows open was because she knew she wouldn't complete the trip without a few farts slipping out. She sat as close to the window as possible, and kept subtly lifting her butt to fart every few minutes without Hassan or the driver being any wiser about it.

"It's really cold," Hassan said, his thighs now constantly pressed against each other. "And I need to go to the bathroom too."

"Tell me about it," his aunt replied, releasing another subtle fart. "I feel all of that food brewing inside me now. Probably shouldn't have eaten that much."

"I guess you're right." Hassan chuckled alongside her, making light of a situation that was very quickly becoming worse.

A few more minutes in and he had to resort to holding himself. His aunt was desperate for the bathroom as well, but she was doing a much better job at hiding that fact from her fellow passengers.

"Is everything alright?" She asked Hassan, when she saw him with his hand between his legs.

"Yea," he smiled nervously. "Just need the bathroom."

"Me too." She rubbed her belly again. "I don't know why its taking so long."

At that exact moment, Hassan felt a powerful surge from his bladder and he doubled over.

"What happened?" His aunt asked, visibly worried about Hassan.

"Nothing," he reiterated, with less confidence this time. "How much longer till we get home?"

"I'll ask the driver," she said, and then switched to speaking pashto, a language Hassan did not know. "Itni der kyu lag rhi hai bhhaiya?" (T:Why is it taking so long?)

"Ring road pe construction ho rhi hai. Hum doosra raasta lenge." (T: There's construction on the ring road, we have to take a detour.) The driver replied.

"What did he say?" Hassan asked, rubbing his thighs against each other now.

"There's construction on the road up ahead," his aunt explained. "I think it'll take another 15 minutes before we get home."

"Oh," was all Hassan could say. He was now constantly squirming in his seat. "Do you think he can find a place to stop somewhere? Some public bathroom or something." He was embarrassed to admit that he was this desperate, but it was the grown up thing to do.

His aunt had her own, somewhat selfish, reasons for not wanting to stop. "I think we should wait until we get home," she said to Hassan. "We're almost there anyway." While she knew they would probably find a place where Hassan could pee, her need would only be addressed when they got home. She couldn't very well poop on the side of the road. Besides, it wasn't that far now anyway.

Still, she felt bad for making Hassan wait longer, so she asked the driver to speed up. "Bhhaiya thora tez chalao, bachay ko pishi lagi hai" she said to him in pashto. (T: Can you please drive a little faster? The kid has to pee.)

The driver chuckled lightly before replying. "Ab itna bhi bacha nai ye, mam. 10 min mein pohanch jayenge." (T: He doesn't look that young. We'll be home in 10 minutes.)

Hassan, of course, didn't know what was being said.

The ten minutes seemed to stretch out like an eternity. Hassan's condition got exponentially worse with every passing second. Anita was feeling the effects too, and was sitting in a butt clenched position almost constantly, but Hassan had it much worse. He was finding it hard to sit still. His legs were twisted across one another, both hands were pressed tightly over his crotch, and he would have to resort to rubbing his butt on the scruffy seat underneath every few seconds.

"Car rides when you have to go are the worst." Anita smiled sympathetically at Hassan as she, too, moved her butt across the seat in an obviously desperate manner. She wanted him to know that he wasn't alone in his desperation. That she was struggling exactly like he was.

But, a few seconds later, when they were only about a couple of minute's driver from Anita's home, Hassan felt a surge powerful enough to defeat his defenses.

A solitary spurt of hot, golden pee raced out of his peehole and stained his grey briefs. He clenched with every muscle in his body to stop the flow. As he regained control, he felt the pee soak into the crotch of his boxers in a small circle. He peeked down nervously, and removed his hands for just a second to confirm that there was no wetness showing on the front of his jeans.

Thankfully, there wasn't.

Good. He thought to himself. It's just gonna be another minute or so. And I didn't leak enough for it to be visible.

"Almost there." His aunt was also moving quite desperately on the seat. Although Hassan couldn't see it from where he sat, but she had her left hand placed underneath her butt pushing her cheeks together. "Haven't had to go this badly in ages." She smiled at Hassan again.

Hassan could only nod.

But even as he nodded nervously at his aunt, he felt his defenses give way once more.

He tried with every ounce of willpower he had to block the oncoming flow. He pushed together his thighs as close as they would go, he twisted his legs as tightly as he could, and he pressed down on his dick with all the force he could safely muster. Yet all of his efforts were powerless to stop his sphincter muscle from relaxing.

His peehole opened, and he felt hot pee gusher forward into his underwear. Even as the liquid filled his underwear, he kept trying to clench shut. Unfortunately, he had reached the end of his endurance.

Anita, unaware of what had just started on the seat right next to her, farted once more as they turned from the main road. She was glad that they were almost home. But Hassan was hot in the face as golden shame spread across his lower body.

The pee arced out of his dick to hit his briefs first. The crotch of the briefs got warm with the fresh heat of his urine, and then his shame spread downwards across his clenched inner thighs. He felt a strong blush rise up his neck as he felt the pee wetting his crotch, his thighs, and then running down to his quivering buttocks. He kept trying to stem the flow throughout, but with every passing second his muscles lost whatever little control he still had over his body, and the stream continued to get stronger.

Anita didn't notice for the first ten seconds of the accident, but once the acidic waft of urine started filling the car, she looked at her 18 year old nephew with shock in here eyes.

"Hassan," she half-whispered, half gasped, covering her mouth to hide her surprise as she watched the top of her nephews jeans glisten with fresh wetness. "You did it in your pants?"

Hassan had no answer. He could only stare with teary eyes at his crotch as he continued to humiliate himself. And to make matters worse, now that his bladder had released, his backdoor desperation was also demanding release.

Hassan kept peeing for about thirty seconds. His thighs and crotch were absolutely soaked, and his butt was positively drenched. A large shameful stain had bloomed on the seat under his buttocks, spreading out a long way to either side of where he sat. When the car finally came to a stop in front of his aunt's house, he had finally finished peeing.

"Ye badboo kesi hai?" The driver asked, as he stopped the car.(T: what's that smell?)

Anita didn't know what to do or say. Hassan just sat there silently sniffling in the aftermath of an accident. She couldn't believe that she'd witnessed the 18 year old boy peeing his pants. And she had no idea on how to explain the incident to the cab driver.

After a brief period where everyone sat there stunned, Anita finally put together her wits and handled the situation. She was a 39 year old woman who had been running a school all by herself for nearly 5 years now. She was used to the occasional teenager having this sort of accident.

Although most of those teenagers were closer to 13 or 14 unlike her 18 year old nephew.

She pulled Hassan out of the car, and explained to the driver what had happened. The driver was, understandably, very upset with how his suit had been ruined, but Anita managed to resolve the situation by paying him some extra money and apologizing profusely.

After sending him on his way, they walked over the front gate and Anita got her keys out. She bent over and put the keys in as she hopped from foot to foot. She had dropped all pretense after what Hassan had just done, and now farted quite loudly as her nephew stood sniffling in his wet and baggy jeans in the cold December air.

"It's alright," she tried to console him. "These things happen sometimes. When you hold it for too long, every now and then you end up going in your pants." It wasn't that normal at all, really. Especially not for a boy of Hassan's age, but she figured it was okay to lie for the sake of consoling him.

She farted once more as she managed to get the door opened, and then shuffled across her living room to rush into the bathroom.

Hassan followed silently after his aunt. Ever since his release in the car, his poop desperation had mounted steadily, and now as he saw his aunt disappear behind the bathroom door, he felt a powerful surge from his bowels. He had been too embarrassed to ask her to let him go first, and since the home only had one bathroom, he had no choice but to wait outside until his aunt finished her business.

Inside the bathroom, Anita made a mad dash for the toilet seat. She reached it just in time, pulled down her shalwar and her panties, and planted her butt on the porcelain. She sighed as she relieved herself, thankful for finally being free of the discomfort of having to hold it.

Outside, however, Hassan neared the end of his limit once more.

His legs and his butt felt extra cold now tha his pee had cooled down. And he shivered outside the door as his aunt took her sweet time. Finally, on the brink of another release, he knocked on the bathroom door. "Aunty," he said, his voice shaking with both desperation and humiliation. "How much longer will you be in there? I really need to go to the bathroom."

"Just a minute," Anita replied from inside, a little bit confused as to why Hassan still wanted to visit the restroom. Hadn't he already emptied his bladder in the taxi? Her question was answered after she finished her business, washed her hands and made her way out of the bathroom.

Hassan, almost immediately after his aunt had told him to wait another minute, had lost yet another battle. He had clenched with all his might, but he could only whimper lightly as his body betrayed him and a soft mess escaped into the back of his already damp briefs.

He felt tears stream down his cheeks as he filled those briefs with another humiliating accident.

When Anita finally walked out of the bathroom, she saw her nephew sniffling once more as he stared at the ground. There was another small puddle around his feet, and freshly wet streaks that ran down the insides of his legs. That wasn't the worst of it though. Because her 18 year old nephew's jeans sagged extra hard from behind under the weight of a bulge.

"Oh, Hassan," she said, as she looked at the sorry figure he cut. "You went #2 in your pants as well?"

Again, Hassan had no answer.

The story was slow for the first few chapters, but it will pick up now. Following chapters will include some pullups and adult diapers.

*004*2023-10-15 21:59

Chapter 4:

Hassan stood with his damp legs pressed together as he stared at his feet, his jeans sagging prominently from behind.

"Hassan," Anita said. "You should have said something. I would have let you go first if I knew it was an emergency." In reality, Anita probably would have insisted on going first herself, after all, her own desperation had been quite urgent as well — but there was no need to tell Hassan that now.

"I'm sorry," the boy sniffled once again.

"I guess it can't be helped," Anita said, before making her way around Hassan's body to inspect the damage from behind. She wrinkled her nose as she saw the bulge in the back of his jeans. "We better get you cleaned up," she said, before grabbing his hand and leading him into the bathroom.

Hassan, although extremely embarrassed by everything that was going on, did not protest. He simply followed his aunt's commands.

Anita led him to the toilet seat and made him stand there. "Take off your pants," she said. "And see if you can clean up your butt." After she said this, Anita turned around to give Hassan some privacy. Hassan hesitated for a few seconds. He wasn't really sure about taking off his clothes with his aunt still in the bathroom with him, but he couldn't very well stand around with poop in his boxers.

Finally, Hassan undid his pants and rolled them down his legs. He took off his boxers next and cleaned out the mess into the toilet. He tried to clean them up as best as he could, and when he felt like he wasn't making any more progress he called out to his aunt. "Aunty," he said. "Could you please go outside?"

"Why?" Anita asked.

"I need to use the bathroom," he replied, blushing.

"Again?" She asked. "I can't believe there's anything left inside you after all you did inside your pants."

Hassan blushed furiously at her words, but Anita left the bathroom without turning around to see his pitiful state. "Take a shower while you're in there," she said, before closing the door behind her.

After he was alone in the room Hassan stared at the pitiful state that he was in. His soaked jeans, his soiled boxers, and his overall dirty bottom side. He couldn't believe how much he'd embarrassed himself in just one day of being here. He was 18 now, and supposed to be a grown-up. Yet he'd wet his pants and pooped in them like a baby the very first day he arrived here.

This definitely wasn’t how he’d imagined this winter going.

Still, there was nothing he could do other than emptying the rest of his bowels and then taking a shower. Once he was done, Hassan did his best to rinse out his pants and underwear. He waited around for a few more minutes inside the bathroom, but he knew he couldn’t hide in here forever.

Eventually, Hassan steeled his nerves, wrapped a towel around his waist, and stepped out of the bathroom.

Anita was waiting for her nephew in the living room when he exited the bathroom with his wet clothes in his hand. The boy was having a hard time meeting his aunt’s gaze, but she was glad that he’d at least attempted to clean up.

“Give me those,” she went over, extending her hands.

Hassan hesitated for a few seconds. It felt wrong to hand over his recently soiled pants to his aunt, but she did all the laundry around here, and he didn’t have much of a choice. “Here you go,” he said, handing her the pants and the underwear. “I tried washing them.”

“That’s good,” Anita said. “Now go and put on some clothes before you catch a cold. I’ll go put these clothes in the laundry room.”

Hassan did as he was told. He went to the guest room and took out some fresh clothes. It was a pair of thick pajama bottoms and a sweatshirt that he usually slept in. Hassan pulled out his phone and tried to get his mind off of the incidents of tonight, but the more he tried to push the thoughts away from his head the more they irked him.

How could this have happened? How had he managed to embarrass himself in such spectacular fashion? He covered his face and groaned as he lay back in bed. The last time Hassan had had an accident he’d only been thirteen. He still remembered that night vividly.

It had been very cold, and he had been driving home with his mother. He remembered how he’d put off his need until it became extremely urgent, and how they’d been stuck in a traffic jam at the very end of it. Hassan had squirmed in his seat, with his mother giving him encouragement to hold it until he’d lost the battle and wet his jeans.

Wetting himself as a thirteen-year-old had been embarrassing enough, but now he’d done it at eighteen. He couldn’t imagine the kind of humiliation he’d have to face if his aunt told anyone about it.

He wasn’t quite done feeling sorry for himself when he heard a knock on the door.

“Hey,” Anita called out from the doorway. “Are you up?”

“Yes,” Hassan replied softly. Just his aunt’s presence here was making his heart beat faster.

“Can I come in?” She asked.

“Yes,” he said again.

Anita opened the door and entered the room. She had also changed, and was now wearing a white patterned shalwar kameez. Anita walked across the room and sat herself down on the foot of the bed. “How are you doing?” She asked. Despite her earlier exasperation, Anita now wore a kind smile on her face. She knew the boy was embarrassed enough as is, so she didn’t want to make it worse.

“I’m okay,” Hassan replied sheepishly. He didn’t know what else to say really.

“Hassan,” she said. “I know today was … difficult for you. But it’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Accidents happen all the time. You’d be surprised with how many I’ve seen over the years running my school.”

Hassan stayed silent for a few seconds. He was staring at his lap as he sat with his back to the bed frame. “That’s why I wanted to go back at the conference,” he said.

“I know.” Anita put a reassuring hand on his foot and smiled at him. “And I’m sorry I made you get in the taxi. I didn’t know how bad it was for you.”

“It’s not your fault,” Hassan sighed. “I should have been able to hold it. I’m an adult now. I shouldn’t be going to the bathroom in my pants like a baby.” He was on the verge of tears as he said this.

“Oh honey,” Anita said. “Don’t be too hard on yourself. I know right now you probably feel like this is the worst thing that could have happened, but everyone has accidents at one time or another. It’s embarrassing, but it's natural.”

“Even adults?” The boy asked.

“Yes,” Anita said. “Even adults. You would be surprised.”

“Really?” The boy asked. He’d never imagined that a grownup could have an accident. “What about you, aunty? Have you ever had an accident?”

This question caught Anita off-guard, and she felt a bit of color rise to her cheeks as her mind reeled back to that one time when she was twenty-four. A few vivid memories flashed into her mind: A cold night, thunderclouds and rain, a four-hour bus ride that ended with soaked leggings.

Just imagining that horrible night was enough to flame Anita’s cheeks.

“No,” she lied. “Fortunately, I’ve never had an accident as an adult. But I had this colleague when I first started teaching who did.”

Hassan sat up a little straighter. “What happened?” He asked his aunt.

“It was a school field trip,” she said. “Each bus had thirty students and two teachers on board. I don’t remember much about what happened on the trip, but on the way back the teacher who was paired up with me, Mrs.Samra, got really desperate for the washroom. It was supposed to be a two-hour drive back to the school campus, but just one hour in I could see her squirming in her seat constantly.”

“How old was she?” Hassan cut in. He wanted to feel better about himself.

“Older than me by a few hours.” Anita tapped her cheek as she thought about it. “She must have been twenty-eight or twenty-nine by my estimation.”

“Oh,” Hassan was glad.

“Anyway,” Anite went on. “She confessed her need to me about halfway in, not that I didn’t already know it from the way she was squirming. I urged her to keep holding it. Kept telling her that she’d make it, that we were only a few minutes away now.”

“But?” Hassan was completely invested in the story.

“But she didn’t make it. When we were still about five minutes from the campus, I heard her squeal under her breath. I looked right at her face when she lost control. The hiss sounding from in between her legs gave it away, and pretty soon I could see a wet stain bloom under her. I remember her face was red as a tomato as she lost control right there in the bus with thirty of her students and me right next to her.”

“Woah,” Hassan said. “A teacher, peeing her pants. I can’t imagine what the students must have thought when they found out.”

“That’s the thing though,” Anita said. “The students never found out. It was dark by the time we came back, and everyone was in a rush to get off the seat. Once it was just me and her, I gave her my shawl to cover her wet clothes and helped her off the bus. Her husband must have found out because he was there to pick her up on his motorbike, but none of the students ever had a clue.”

Somehow, this story had made Hassan feel a little better about his incident tonight. If a schoolteacher could wet her pants at the age of twenty-eight, then it was reasonable for him to have an accident when he was only eighteen.

“Still,” Hassan said. “I should have been able to hold it today.”

“It’s okay, honey.” Anita patted her foot again. “Like I said. Accidents happen, we just have to learn from them.”

“Thanks,” Hassan said.

“Don’t mention it. That’s what aunts are for.” Anita got up off the bed and patted Hassan’s head. “Now get a good night’s sleep, because we have school in the morning again.”

“Goodnight,” Hassan said to his aunt as she walked out of the room, and lay back in his bed.

Anita briefly considered going into the bathroom as she crossed it on her way to her bedroom, but it was a cold night, and she wasn’t particularly interested in sitting on the cold porcelain of the toilet. She needed to pee a little, but she figured she’d just go in the morning, so she kept walking until she was in her bed, her blanket covering her snugly as she drifted off to sleep.

Anita woke up in a dazed state of confusion. She wasn’t in her room anymore. No, this was someplace else. This was a bus. A school bus full of loud students. She looked over at the seat next to her to find Ms.Samra, her old colleague, sitting next to her.

This was odd. Why was Ms.Samra here? Hadn’t she moved cities a long time ago?

Her thoughts were interrupted by a strong twinge from her bladder. Shit, she had to pee. And pretty badly at that.

“How long till we get back?” She asked her colleague, her hands placed firmly between her legs as she rubbed her thighs together.

“Oh,” Samra said. “Another hour or so?” Then the other teacher looked at Anita’s legs and smiled. “Have to pee?” She asked.

“Yes,” Anita nodded her head nervously. “And it’s quite urgent.”

“I can see that,” Samra said. “But don’t worry, the driver said he’s going to stop in a few minutes. Some of the students have been bugging him for a pit stop.”

“Oh,” Anita said. “That’s wonderful. I don’t know if I can hold it for an hour.”

“You won’t have to.” And just when Samra said that the bus started slowing down. Anita peeked out of the window as the bus rolled to a stop. There were no bathrooms outside. In fact, there wasn’t much of anything other than some trees and bushes.

It would have to do. Even if there was no bathroom, Anita’s need was too urgent.

She got off the bus after a few of the students, and then, with her hands still wedged between her legs, hobbled over to a thicket of bushes that provided some cover. Anita fell to her knees and yanked down her leggings and underwear.

She sighed as she released her pent-up urine, grateful for the relief.

But wait, something felt off. Why was her butt getting warm? Why couldn’t she feel her stream splash on the ground as she peed? Why was her body screaming at her?

Anita jolted awake in the late hours of the night, her sphincter muscle relaxed, a stream of hot piss fizzing out of her peehole. “Fuck,” she swore under her breath, clamping down every muscle in her lower body and covering her crotch with her hand.

“Fuck,” she said again. There was a lot of wetness down there. A lot of warmth.

Her crotch and her thighs were soaked, as was her butt.

And she still needed to pee really badly.

How the hell had this happened?

She jumped out of bed, and without sparing another thought for her soiled sheets, made a mad dash for the bathroom. It was still the middle of the night so she was sure Hassan would still be asleep, so she threw caution to the wind as she dashed across the living room. Her peehole screamed at her every step of the way, her wet shalwar chafing her thighs until she made it to the bathroom.

Anita didn’t even bother locking the door as she yanked down her shalwar and planted her butt on the toilet.

PSHTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT

Her stream made a booming noise as she emptied her bladder, a massive torrent of piss exploding out of her peehole at breakneck speeds. For the first few seconds she could only think about the relief, but when that somewhat euphoric feeling faded the reality of her situation sank in.

She’d been on the verge of completely wetting her bed – hell, she’d pretty much wet the bed already, even if the damage had been minimal.

Anita wiped, flushed, and got off the toilet. She didn’t bother pulling up her shalwar and instead chose to take it off entirely to survey the damage. Just as she’d thought, the crotch, butt, and thighs of the garment were completely soaked.

With only her top on, Anita made her way back to the bedroom to inspect her sheets. Her heart sank as she saw a sizeable stain on the bed where her butt had been while she slept. The damage wasn’t particularly catastrophic, but just the fact that she’d leaked any pee while she slept was worrying in and of itself.

This hadn’t happened to her in years. Decades, even.

Was it somehow related to what Hassan had done tonight? Or was it because of the fact that she’d told him that story about Miss Samra?

Anita removed the wet sheets from the bed, and along with her wet shalwar took it to the laundry room. It was too late to do laundry right now, but she’d do it first thing in the morning before leaving for school.

Her mind was in constant turmoil as she cleaned herself up, put on some new clothes, and then put fresh sheets on her bed. Losing control while asleep was definitely an alarming problem, but her tired, sleep-deprived mind was not ready to tackle this problem in the middle of the night.

Even though she was worried, Anita found it easy to fall back asleep.

She expected her alarm clock to wake her up, so imagine her surprise when she woke up a full thirty minutes before it was supposed to ring, with her nephew standing at the edge of her bed with tears in his eyes.

“Aunt Anita,” he said, sniffling.

“What is it?” Anita shot up. “What happened?”

He didn’t have to say anything because she saw what the problem was. The eighteen-year-old boy stood there with clear signs of an accident on his pajama bottoms.

“I had an accident,” he sniffled.

“Oh honey,” Anita said, getting up off the bed and inspecting the damage. The boy’s clothes were soaked through, and it was even worse from behind. There was even some pee staining the back of his sweatshirt.

“I’m sorry,” he continued to cry. “I had a dream that I was peeing, and when I woke up I realized that I’d done it on my bed.”

“It’s alright,” she put a hand on his shoulder, her eyes unable to believe just how wet Hassan’s butt was. “Let’s get you cleaned up before we head off to school.”

