Oops I did it again, the real meaning of the Britney song

Author: bswanson

*000*2021-09-10 23:03

After her success of her debut album, Britney was now working on album number 2. she had many songs done already but needed that hit. Britney also had a secret she liked wetting her pants, one day after a show desperate to pee she didnt make it to the bathroom but as she was having an accident, she discovered how good it felt, and would secretly wet her pants for her pleasure. She decided she was ready to tell her fans her secret, and what better way than though a song. When the song and album were ready, she thought what better way to reveal my new song and secret than with a surprise concert to promote my 2nd album. Excited for the new album fans sold out the concert in seconds. the show started with hits from album #1 and some new songs from the album.

Britney now had the urge to pee and it was time to reveal the song and secret. She gets on the mic and said next is gonna be the first single off the new album, its called Oops I did it again, but first i want to tell you the story behind the song, well also show you. To fans shock she peed her pants right there on stage. She said I have a secret and she started singing, oops I did it again, I peed in my pants, and it felt really good. She then told the story of the first time she wet and how she liked it. Many fans in the crowd then also peed their pants along with their idol, and it became a regular thing during that song in future concerts, fans would pee their pants with Britney. Britney had a another surprise where a select number of fans could enter a contest to appear in the music vid where they could pee their pants with Britney.

