Tinker Bell’s Desperation

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-02-17 10:07

In Pixie Hallow the most beautiful fairy “Tinker Bell”, lay in her bed in her sleep. The 18 year old fairy Tinker Bell woke up because she felt very warm in her bed, but it was a cold day today. She got out of her bed and opened the sheets to reveal that she had a massive piss in her bed. She sat in her chair next to her bed crying because it was her first accident.

She walked to the bathroom to wipe and clean her wet pussy. She then got dressed in her leaf dress and her white panties on. She had her breakfast and drank to much orange juice, she then flew all the way to her friend Fern’s house. Slivermist was there and Fawn was there too, most of her friends where there also.

Fawn asked her how is her boyfriend Peter Pan, as Tink replies with “he’s great, I am going in to give him a little secret.” All her friends laughed as they knew what she was talking about, she leaves with Slivermist at the edge of Lilypad Pond, the best place to be naked.

Both of them had a water talent, Silvermist gently placed her hand on Tink’s back until they reached the Lilypad Pond. Silvermist lost her footing and slipped and ripped her skirt as her white panties were a impossible thing to miss.

The two girls flew to get to the end, just then Tink screamed as she felt her desperation starting, she hoped her bladder could hold it in and told Silvermist. The same happened to Slivermist she had to hold in her pee, but Slivermist tried to hide the urge from Tink. Tink flew left and right then flew into the Flower Garden. She zipped so fast, Silvermist had to hold onto her desperation and Tinker Bell knew they were getting would be getting near Lilypad Pond.

Just then the two spotted Rosetta bending over, sprinkling pixie dust onto a wilted flower and holding her pussy tight. Tink could see her red lacy panties from under her skirt. "Rosetta?" Tink asked. Rosetta jumped up, "Do you have to pee desperately?" Rosetta replied to Tink's question, with “Yes, I’ve had to hold it in while doing my work and I don’t think I can hold it anymore!”

“Are you done with work?” Tink asked. Rosetta liked to get everything done before doing anything else, even using the toilet. Rosetta and Tink smiled, Rosetta had a habit of accidents as she peed herself more than Tinker Bell. They flew over and found Fawn. Fawn was sitting on a tree trunk as she crossed her legs tight and heard the sound of Tink's voice. "Fawn!" she called. Fawn’s orange panties stuck out of her brown short skirt, another girl who needed to pee. They all walked off as nobody felt the first squirt of pee come out, they were getting closer.

They finally made it there it was Lilypad Pond no one was there just the four desperate girls were there. They all quickly pulled down their skirts, dresses and panties as the girls waited until they started peeing. Just then they felt it coming after their two squirts of pee and they quickly squatted. They started peeing into the Pond as their golden hot pee came out and warming the cold water in the pond. They were power peeing as they had to hold it in for a long time, as they all sighed in relief as they made it just in time, rather than them having to wet themselves.

When they finished peeing, they started stripping down until they had nothing on and spent alone time with the girls in warm water. They start getting a weird tingly feeling in hair of pussy in the warm pee water. Just then Tink starts loving peeing herself and pooing herself or just anything to do with a toilet. The girls stay naked for one hour and get dressed again. As they return back to Pixie Hollow.

They return at night as they Tink lets them stay with her for tonight as all four girls strip down once more and fall asleep naked and hope to be wet in the morning.

