Staying with Auntie Mary

Author: blisster

*000*2017-02-18 01:15

This is fiction based on quite a lot of fact. John had to go to a different town to work, He was 19 and getting on well in his job, but had not yet totally overcome problems that had kept him in diapers until he was 7 or 8 and led to a lot of anxiety and sometimes humiliation in his teen years.His folks arranged for him to stay with a distant relative near his work John had met aunt Mary and her husband Jeff a few times and remembered they had a few kids. As John left home his mum whispered "I had a word with Mary and she said she had a mattress protector on your bed, so you don't need to worry". If this was supposed to be reassuring, anyone seeing John turn bright red with shame would have realised it wast the wrong thing to say..

Two hours later John arrived in the new town and got off the train. He had to take a bus and was going to be met at the bus station in the smaller town where his aunt's family lived.Having misread the directions he got on the right bus, but it was going the wrong way.. He got off as soon as he realised, crossed the road and after while got on the right bus. By now he was aware he needed a toilet, but tried to think of other things. The pressure on is small bladder got worse, but he managed to hold his pee until he reached his stop. Getting off the bus with a heavy suitcase was too big an ask for his control mechanism and he felt a spurt of hot pee run into his jockey shorts. Thankfully he regained control and wasn't too worried because it wasn't the first tome and he had (as usual) worn black pants so that any leakages were not too obvious.

He was met by his uncle Jeff and a youth of his own age, Jeff's son Eric. They walked for about half a mile and John was very worried as he could hardly hold his pee. If there had been any opportunity he would have gone behind a bush to relieve himself, but they were walking along a busy high street, and all he could do was hold on as best he could.

They arrived at the house and immediately John asked if he could use the toilet. Eric took him upstairs to the bathroom. It was the stairs that were John's undoing. By the time he reached the toilet bowl he was already peeing and fumbled to open his fly before his pants were a total disaster. Deciding to make the best of it John did up his pants and went back downstairs where he was introduced to Eric's younger brothers aged 7 and 10.

If John wasn't embarrassed enough already, he went bright red when his Aunt said to him,in front of the family "Your mum told me of your bed time problem, its nothing to worry about and Eric will tell you what to do if it happens". Uncle Jeff said "don't look so worried -you won't be the only one in the house springing a leak, I expect your dad told you it runs in the family".

Dinner was going to be on the table in about half an hour and Eric took John up to he room they would be sharing. John unpacked his case and looked at the twin beds. Eric told him which was his and as he sat on it he heard the familiar crinkle of the thick plastic sheet covering the mattress. Eric saw that John had noticed and said "Mines the same" as he sat down and grinned. John asked "do you,,,,,," and Eric replied "Yes quite a lot actually.". John then said "Does your mum mind much?". Eric told him that she didn't make a fuss and that the younger boys had accidents in the day sometimes and it was no big deal.

While they had been talking John had been unpacking and was putting his underwear away. He decided that Eric could be trusted and said "I.was bursting by the time we got here" Eric said "I thought you didn't make it quite in time, but didn't mention it downstairs- mum doesn't always realise people can be sensitive". John asked "will she mind" and Eric told him not to worry. and said he would show him what to do. They went to the bathroom and Eric showed John a cupboard that had shelves and on the floor a large bucket with a lid. On the shelves sere piles of underwear and bed sheets. Eric said he had been asked by his mum to suggest that John slept in his underwear rather than pyjamas so as to save having too any thing to wash if he pee'd the bed. He also explained that especially at night the "emergency" underwear in the cupboard was used by anyone who needed it.

John asked which underpants he should wear and was told it was best to use the emergency ones which were really "trainer" pants made out of absorbent "diaper" material. Eric said, I wear those a lot,especially at night. John replied that he had had similar ones when he was younger and would feel comfortable in them. Eric announced he needed a pee and pushed down his track suit bottoms. John was busy getting out of his soggy Y fronts and for a moment they glanced at each other. Eric saw the very obvious wetness in John's brand new ,fresh on today shorts, John saw the yellowed front of Eric's white briefs which were in the same state as those he had left behind at home. Their eyes met and both grinned. Eric said "I think we will get along just fine" and giving his equipment a quick shake pulled up his jogging bottoms.

