Mio tries something new for Ritsu

Author: Blindfight

*000*2021-11-08 18:37

I decided to write a short story for two characters who were obviously meant to be together from one of my favorite anime. I wrote it from Ritsu's perspective because I felt like it flowed better that way. Thanks for checking out my first fanfiction!

"Are you sure about this, Ritsu?" Mio asked as she knelt in position over my head. Her skirt was pulled up around her waist and she had pulled her panties almost off so that they were just dangling from one of her ankles.

"Absolutely!" It took a lot of convincing to get her this far even after we started dating a few months back. The last thing I wanted was for her to back out now. "Just let it out. Don't worry about me, this is what I want."

"B-b-but it's embarrassing!" Mio whined. In any other situation like this I would take the opportunity to tease her to no end. While that would be fun for a moment, that wasn't what I was after this time. Knowing that she'd clam up and that would be the end of it, I decided to use my secret weapon: sincerity.

"Mio-chan, I know that it's embarrassing for you and I'm sorry for that. I really really want this though, and I promise I won't make fun of you for it. Honestly, I've always wanted to do this with you and only you. It would make me so happy and turn me on to no end."

"R-really?" Mio asked as she loosened up a bit.

"Yes. Really. Now please just relax and let it out. I've even laid down towels so don't worry about it." I assured her.

"Okay, Ritsu... I'll do it. Just for you."

Between my confession and the smile on my face when she said she'd do it, I knew I had won her over. I gazed up into her eyes and beamed at her as I waited for my reward.

"I-I-It's coming out!" Mio managed as her pee started to stream out and trickle onto my face. The feeling was better than I'd imagined. I could still tell she was holding back a bit though.

"It's okay, Mio. Just relax and let it flow. I love it." I encouraged.

"...Okay," Mio whimpered. More tension went out of her body as her the trickle turned into a steady stream. The splash hit my face and I could feel droplets roll down my cheeks. Another burst hit my forehead and I could feel her wetness soaking into my hair and hairband.

"I love this!" I gushed, hoping that the encouragement would keep her going.

"Don't talk while I'm doing it, Ritsu, it'll get in your mouth!" Mio admonished.

Mio wasn't prepared for what came next but that made it all the more fun for me.

"Like this?" I said while opening wide. Mio's pee cascaded down into my mouth. It tasted so sweet, which I only imagine was a side effect of all the tea and snacks we share together in the light music club.

"Ritsu what are you doing?!" Mio gasped.

"Having fun," I replied, though I'm sure it was hardly intelligible with my mouth full of Mio's urine. As I said that I made a move that surprised even me. I figured if I was having this good of a time so far then drinking it straight from the source must be heavenly. I sat up from underneath her and my lips locked onto her body exactly where the stream originated.

"Wh-what! Ritsu what the hell are you doing!?"

Mio knew I wouldn't be able to answer like this but she protested anyway. I took one hand and gave her a thumbs up which relaxed her a little. With my other hand I reached up and gently grabbed hold of her ass and pulled her closer to me. She moaned at this and really started to let loose.

At this point Mio lost control and just started to pee straight down my throat, not caring about anything else. I held her tight against me making sure to cherish every drop. She whimpered and squirmed as she continued to pour into me until I had drained her completely. She convulsed a bit as she finished, her whole body shaking a handful of times until that finally stopped and she looked down into my eyes.

"Ritsu, you jerk! That wasn't what I thought was going to happen here at all!" I half expected her to hit me on the head for surprising her like that, but when my eyes met hers I could tell she wasn't actually angry.

"You had a good time then?" I asked her, although I already knew the answer.

"...Yes. It was... fun. We can do that again sometime." Mio replied.

I couldn't help myself with how cute she was being and moved in for a kiss.

"Are you crazy?! I just peed all over your face and in your mouth!"

Mio protested. I think she must've seen the disappointment in my face when she said that though, as it only took her a few moments to change her mind. "Okay... fine. But just a little kiss."

Unable to contain my joy I planted a huge kiss on her. She wrinkled her nose for a second but then relaxed and enjoyed the moment.

"Actually, that's not half bad."

"It's sweet, right?" I added.

"I can't believe the things you get me to do just because I love you," Mio teased. "Next time we'll have to indulge in one of my fetishes."

"For you, Mio-chan. Anything."

