9 hour road trip, refusing to pee

Author: BurstingPee

*000*2024-08-05 17:13

It was a hot July afternoon and Jacob and I were about to drive out with our other couple friends to a cottage for a week. It would be a 9 hour drive, mostly on the highway to get there and we’d be spending a week there. We were very excited.

As I packed my bags, Jacob approached s with a sly smile on his face ‘im not gonna pee until we get there.’ He announced, sipping his second coffee of the morning down (he needed several coffees each morning to wake up, he’s never been a morning person). We both were into desperation play and controlling each other when the other got too desperate - but this seemed pretty intense ‘it’s 9 hours, you’re going to be absolutely bursting by the time we get there’ i told him. ‘I know!’ He said as he tossed a few water bottles, some iced tea, and a 6 pack of beer into the cooler I was packing for the ride.

‘You should at least take a piss before we leave’ I mentioned.

‘don’t wanna break the seal’ was his response.

——————

About two hours later, we were driving steadily along, laughing, joking, singing in the car with our friends. Jacob had opened a bottle of iced tea, and had finished also three quarters of the 750ml bottle. I was sipping on a bottle of Gatorade we grabbed at a gas station on the way out. Our friend Ashley asked her boyfriend, Ethan to stop for a pee break soon. ‘Anyone else have to go?’ He asked, looking back to us in the backseat of the van. ‘I will if we stop’ I said, I was feeling some familiar twinges indicating that my bladder was starting to fill. Jacob shook his head ‘I’m good’ he said.

@@we stopped at the next rest stop about 40 minutes later - Ashley rushed out of the car - she been complaining more and more about needing to pee in the past 20 minutes or so. Her hunched over stance as she sped-walked to the bathrooms showed that she really did need to go. I followed her in and had a wonderful pee, and we washed our hands and met Ethan and Jacob in the rest stop, picking up some iced coffee for everyone. Jacob was shifting from side-to-side and biting his lip slightly - he definitely had to pee already and we had 5 hours to go.

@@walking back to the car I whispered into his ear ‘how bad is it from 1-10?’ ‘It’s a 6 already’ he responded. ‘Maybe even a 7’. On a normal day he will empty his bladder at about a 3 or 4 so i knew he was feeling it.

——————

@@back in the car the four of us drove along the highway, sipping our iced teas, Ashley and I feeling wonderfully empty. She fell asleep for a bit but I couldn’t take my eyes off of Jacob. He was fanning his legs in and out and changing positions frequently to try and reduce the pressure of his growing bladder. Another hours goes by and I ask him how bad it is ‘it’s almost at a 9, it’s happening so fast’ he said. ‘Maybe take it easy on the drinks?’ I suggested ‘it’s so hot in here though’ Jacob protested and opened a bottle of water.

——————

@@another hour in the trip and Ashley as woken up and had to pee again. Bad. She even had one hand in her crotch as Ethan searched for a rest stop or gas station, rocking back and forth over her hand. Ethan was opposed to teasing her and kept making ‘pppppssssttt’ sounds. Every time he made that sound I saw Jacob’s body stiffen. He was sat up straight backed and leaned over to me ear and whispered ‘my bladder is officially full and I’m really desperate’. Ethan spotted a gas station and pulled off onto a bumpy road, causing Jacob to grab onto his dick to avoid any leakage from the bumps.

————

… to be continued

*001*2024-08-07 20:55

We arrived at the rest stop and Ashley ran to the bathrooms, Ethan following her to pee as well. I didn’t have to go so I stayed back in the car.

‘We should stretch our legs a bit, still about 4 hours to go with the traffic’ i told Jacob. Jacob just winced and whispered ‘I can’t stand up I’ll pee’

‘Are you regretting this game you decided to play?’ I asked him as I watched him reach into his pocket to give his cock a squeeze.

‘Im regretting it but I won’t give up. No matter how much pain I’m in. It hurts so bad though.’ He told me.

I asked him if I should grab a towel from our bag just in case, and he said, which just a little bit of confidence that he didn’t need it. He groaned and cupped his hands over his crotch.

@@our friends came back to that car at this point ‘that was the best pee of my life’ said Ashley ‘I was basically peeing myself by the time I got to the toilet’ ‘yeah that was really good, I just kept going and going, like it was never going to stop’ said Ethan. Then he asked us ‘you guys ok back there? Jacob, you haven’t peed yet - we are going through a major city soon and won’t be able to stop, you sure you gonna go take a leak?’ Jacob snapped back ‘no I’m good man.’ Then ‘sorry, just tired and hot, it’s hot in here’. ‘That’s ok’ responded Ethan ‘here, have a beer, you’re not driving go ahead’. Jacob took it without saying anything, but I saw his entire lower body shudder and tighten as he cracked it open.

@@I took the middle seat next to him, and resting my head on his shoulder and fell asleep. About an hour later I woke up and were in bumper-to-bumper traffic - crawling among the highway, in the middle lane of 5. Jacob had somehow finished that beer and he had woken me up when his whole body jerked. ‘Whaaa…’ i said sleepily. ‘You just put your arm over my bladder’ he hissed into my ear. ‘Oh, I didn’t mean to’ I said and I began to move my arm away from his bursting bladder. He couldn’t take the pressure and how slowly I was moving my arm that he grabbed it and threw it away from his body, revealing just how swollen he was. Underneath my arm was a huge, swollen lump, just beneath his belly button extending to where his public hair grew. It looked as though there was a tennis ball inside him. ‘We still have almost 3 hours, how are you going to keep holding THAT?’ I whispered to him, glancing down at him. We often got desperate together but I’ve never seen him have to pee so badly he got a bladder bulge, let alone the biggest bladder bulge I’ve ever seen in my life.

‘painfully’ he said.

@@finally we got through the traffic, and we all just wanted to go to the cottage. ‘Anyone need to stop?’ Asked Ethan ‘I want to just drive through and get there if we can’. It had now been about 7 hours and we just a few more to go. We all agreed to keep driving, Jacob just nodded his head in agreement.

@@at this point, Jacob could hardly move, his desperation was so intense. He kept tensing up as wave after wave of desperation shook his entire body. A few times I saw him do a little shake, as if he was getting shivers up and down his spine. This was serious. HE HAD TO PEE.

*002*2024-08-14 01:24

At this point I was beginning to doubt that Jacob could hold it another half an hour, let alone almost 2 hours. He had pulled his sweatshirt over top of his lap and was giving his cock a long hard squeeze over and over again. He whispered to me ‘this is worse than any other time’ and ‘I have to pee so badly’

I whispered back ‘try unbuttoning your jeans, maybe that will help?’

‘I don’t think anything will help until I’m pissing’ he whispered back, between gritted teeth. But he pulled my hand under the sweater and put it around his cock and then hissed squeeze hard while I unbutton’

I felt my hand around his cock and realized that it was absolutely swollen with piss. It was twice the amount of thickness that it usually was and I could feel it throbbing nonstop. I reached down to his pisshole and I could feel how he was working to hold it shut. I squeezed hard and wiped up the small drop of urine that had escaped with my index finger. He throbbing violently as he undid the tight button on his jeans and I heard the faint zippppp of the zipper. Underneath that zipper was a now MASSIVE lump, which I couldn’t help but run my fingers over with my other hand. He freed my hand that was squeezing his cock and I cradled his protruding bladder with both his. I knew at this point that he was in serious pain so I did not push or press on it - I only caressed it and cradled it in my hands. ‘It’s so bad, gotta pee, gotta piss, it hurts it hurts’ Jacob was now mumbling, rocking back and forth and he violently jerked his body and bucked my hands off of his bursting bladder.

‘we are almost there! Half an hour or so!!’ Yelled out Ethan and Ashley reached into the cooler and grabbed a beer for everyone - to celebrate our soon arrival.

@@we all grabbed the cans and opened them, and when he heard the cans open Jacob jerked forward and grabbed himself with both hands ‘IM GONNA PISS’ he yelled.

*003*2024-08-17 03:05

Ashley and Ethan turned around in their seats, sorta giggling but when they saw Jacob their faces got serious.

@@this was an absolute EMERGENCY! I’ve never seen someone so desperately needing to piss in my life. Jacob had one hand squeezing the tip of his cock and was holding the waistband of his jeans away from his HUGE bladder bulge with the other. He was rocking slightly back and forth and I really thought he was about to cry. His face showed no emotion, his eyes rolled slighty Back into his head. He was rhythmically squeezing his cock as his bladder tensed up and throbbed nonstop.

‘whoa, you think you can hold on 20 minutes bud?’ Asked Ethan.

@@even though he was in a considerable amount of pain, Jacob took this as a challenge and nodded.

20 minutes? I was sure if he’d last another 20 seconds. Jacob had to pee SO BAD.

*004*2024-08-19 15:53

Jacob closed his eyes and was rocking slowly up and down, hand squeezing his cock and every few seconds he would moan or mutter ‘gotta pee’ or ‘peeeee’ or ‘gotta piss so bad’ or whisper ‘just a bit longer’ or ‘come on, hold it’

@@he undid his jeans button with one hand and then used it to brace himself in his seated position, arching his back slightly and when he did this I saw something incredible.

@@his bladder. The size of his bladder. Bulging out, I could hear the zipper of his pants trying to open further when his bladder swelled out over top of it. It was round and looked very firm, every so often I watched it tense up and twitch.

I had to. I placed one hand lightly overtop of it and cupped it gently - it took up the entire palm of my hand. It was as hard as a rock and I could now feel it throbbing as it violently contracted inside poor Jacob’s body. Each time it throbbed I looked at his face and it was grimaced. He was breathing quickly through gritted teeth. I could see his entire lower body was clenched hard, he was putting up such a fight to keep hours and hours of urine inside his body.

“10 minutes, you got this bus’ Ethan shouted out, looking into the mirror at Jacob. ‘You can be the first to use the toilet’

@@jacob muttered quietly ‘I won’t make it to the toilet’

‘he ok?’ Ethan asked me

‘yeah he just said he won’t make it to the toilet’ I told him

‘stop saying toilet’ demanded Jacob. I looked at his face and he had a tear coming out of the corner of his eye.

‘it’s just 10 minutes Jacob you can do this’ I tried to coax him but suddenly he thrusted both hands over top of his cock and began squeezing it with both thighs. I saw a quick blast of pee spray out between his fingers. After a second he looked at me and said ‘I stopped it. I can still do this’

3 minutes go by. Another spurt. Another 30 seconds. Another spurt.

‘please drive faster he can’t wait any longer’ i urges Ethan and commented that Jacob is a big boy it’s only a few more minutes. He did speed up and just a few minutes later he was pulling up the driveway to the cottage.

Jacob’s hands were soaked by the time the car stopped and he didn’t bother any decently of putting his pants back on or taking his hands away from his cock. He immediately scooted out of the car seat and jumped out of the car. He attempted to walk to the edge of trees along the property, but it was just too much. Almost completely hunched over and out his hands on his knees and his pants feel to his ankles as he pissed. He pissed and his pissed and he pissed. A long, hard stream for such a long time. We had unpacked the car completely by the time his stream started to settle down and he let just a few more spurts out. Finally, he stood up straight, sighed, did his pants back up and came over to help his bring our things inside.

