The First 24 Hours

Author: BusyKidneys

*000*2023-11-21 18:26

I woke up around noon, pleasantly full. I’m aware that to most people, waking up with the weight of a few hundred milliliters of pee resting in their bladder would not be pleasurable. But, you see, I’m just a giant fucking pervert.

Yes, I swear a lot. If foul language is a problem for you, you better don’t read the rest of this report. It contains various permutations of the word "fuck" a total of 82 times. I counted.

I had last peed at 2AM, two hours before going to bed. So I woke up with what must have been a good cupful or two of yesterdays drinks. Water that had worked its way through my system over night. Just up, and already ten hours into my hold. Nice.

I yawned, stretched, threw off the covers, and ran my hands over the developing bulge. It was round and firm, just like I liked it.

When I got out of bed, my first destination was the obvious one. The coffee machine, duh. I wiggled in place a bit, caressing my morning bladder under my T-shirt. The machine gurgled, my sphincter announced its presence, and the smell of coffee filled the room. I marked off the first 250 mL on the piece of paper I had taped to refrigerator.

After locating my Crocs and key ring, I slowly walked down all six flights of stairs to the laundry room, sipping my coffee. My bladder only protested slightly, as I bend down to take yesterday’s load out of the dryer. I briefly wondered why none of my neighbors had left me any passive-aggressive notes about blocking the machines over night. Old people like drama, I guess.

Loaded up with two arms full of pants and shirts (why the hell didn’t I bring the basket?) I made my way back up the stairs… only to walk the distance all over again 30 seconds later, because my cup was still sitting on the washing machine.

I felt a little silly. Not for forgetting the cup, that was just par for the course for my easily distracted ass, but for climbing the entire height of the building four times, when the elevator was sitting right there, unused. But that was a rule I had set for myself, and I was going to stick to it. You’re not really holding when you have to avoid the stairs to keep your piss shut in, right?

Oh. Right. I didn’t tell you yet. So, yes, that’s what I’m doing. Not peeing for 24 hours. Normal fluid intake. Been thinking about it for years, never quite managed, but today was going to be the day I did it. And I was not going to go easy on myself. No compromises, no mercy.

Anyway, when I finally walked back into my warm apartment from the cold staircase, my bladder was settling down a bit. Thank god. I was just getting started, after all.

I got myself a cup of water, marked of the next 250 mL, and started sipping is slowly while folding laundry and tidying up around the place. And the next 250 mL.

I had been doing housework for a while, getting lost in my thoughts and devious plans for the day, slowly filling up, when my phone went ping. I checked my messages, finding the one I had been waiting for. My sister was back from her vacation to the Philippines, was just getting settled in back home, and she wanted to see me some time after 3 PM to tell tales and show a few photos.

The clock on my phone read 2:00. Fuck me. My bladder was making itself known now. But that was to be expected. 12 hours since I last relieved myself. Of course I felt like I had to pee! That was just my body having some weird reaction, though, because I was not going to the toilet for another 12 hours. If only 50 percent of the time was 50 percent of the difficulty, and it would only get twice as hard. But that's not how this worked, I was acutely aware. Not that it mattered. Because I wasn’t going to pee.

Anyway, I better got ready to head over, then! I gulped down another 250 mL of water, marked them off on my chart, shed my clothing in the living room, and went to take a shower. As I entered the bathroom, I noted that the piece of duct tape over the lid of the toilet was still intact. Duh, of course it was, who could have possibly disturbed it? It was just a little reminder to myself.

I stepped into the shower. As the warm water started to splatter, soaked into my hair, ran over my body, pooled warmly on my bulge for the fraction of a second before running off, my bladder again started to protest loudly. It wasn’t super difficult not to pee in there, but it wasn’t exactly nice.

When I was done cleaning myself up, I quickly squeezed as much water as I could out of my hair, and started to blow it dry while running a brush through it. This took longer than I thought it would. By the time I was done, and managed to wrangle my curls into a thick bun, the rest of my body had air-dried completely in the warmth of the bathroom. Great, now I was pressed for time to do my makeup!

Thankfully, I’m 24 and don’t need a ton of foundation and crap. I neglected the brunt of my face, and just used a little mascara before putting on a lot of black eyeliner. Not enough for a total Ketamine Panda look, but a bit more than the average gal would have used. Hey, I think my complexion and dark features are underlined really well with cute lashes and cat eyes, okay? It’s easily the best thing I can do when I don’t want to spend hours in front of the mirror! Combine that with black lip gloss… wait, shit, I didn’t have any left! So, combine that with black matte lipstick, and the fact I had painted my nails black yesterday to match, and I was looking ready for a night out on the goth club. Even if I was going to be the least white person there. Theoretically. Because that’s not where I was going. But it would have been dope!

Now, as for getting dressed, I was going to look smocking hot today. I was going to wear the most fuck-me outfit in my whole closet. Which, unfortunately, didn’t have a great selection in that regard. Most of my street clothing was practical, and boring. The fancier stuff was professional, and also boring. The clubwear section… wasn’t all that sexy, either. For the most part. I had a lot of combat pants and bondage trousers, that would look cute with a crop top and black light accessories, but that wasn’t where I was going. I had a few summer dresses, but they were all floral print or baby blue. I finally settled on the sexiest pair of bottoms in my entire closet, a pair of black low-waist skinny jeans.

I need the readers of this report to understand how low these jeans were. They weren’t sagging, I had threaded a belt through the loops. No, they were pulled all the way up, they were really just cut that low. I had Millennial friends who bragged about how low their sluttiest pants were in high school. These were lower. They were very tight and contoured my ass nicely. But they also barely contained it, even when I was standing up. My hipbones were on full display. My pelvis was just like "HELLO!". When I bent down, my tailbone was out. One could think that I was constantly showing the world my underwear, but I assure you, I wasn’t! Because what underwear? If there was ever a piece of true fuck-me jeans, this was it. The only saving grace was that they were black, which pushed them at least somewhat in the direction of "classy". Which is what I kept telling myself.

No pair of low-rise jeans is complete without a midriff-baring top. So I picked a black bralette that barely covered the necessary bits. Fuck, you should have seen me! This is not an outfit you’d expect a girl to wear in November, when its 5 fucking degrees Celsius out. Or, well, ever, unless she’s a prostitute. I was basically naked from the neck… uh, neck, I forgot to tell you about the choker! Black lacy choker. When you go goth whore, you go goth whore all the way. Anyway, I was naked from neck to hipbones. The only way this outfit could have been any lewder, was if I actually had any tits. Well, or if I had put on a nice pair of heels, instead of combat boots. Maybe next time.

I could barely tear away myself from the mirror, because I looked so unbelievably hot. I twisted and turned to study that lean creature with her tiny waist, tight little ass, and fucking long-looking slender legs. And if it hadn’t for my beautifully bulging bladder jutting out over the belt and waistband (thankfully over it!), my abs would have been the centerpiece of this exhibition. A lot of work went into my body, it showed, and I fucking loved it.

But now it was really time to leave. Grabbed a long sweater to cover my shame in front of my sister, and slid into my trench coat. Then I slammed the remaining 500 mL for the day, bringing me up to a nice round 1,500, and headed out to a family member’s place with 13 hours of piss in my bladder, and a stomach full of water. Slosh slosh.

(to be continued)
