Chasing Courtney fanfiction

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2019-11-01 02:14

A huge thanks to Sapphire3619 for allowing me to write this fan fiction of their story. If you haven’t yet, I strongly recommend you read through their version first for full context. If you haven’t yet, you can find it here: 

$/45138-chasing-courtney/

Courtney Montell strode towards the bathroom. She had been waiting almost all day to use the bathroom. She wanted to make sure she could use it before she went to detention, which wasn’t even her fault. It all happened after that asshole Chase had tried to kiss her.

It just happened to be her luck that the bathroom was closed for cleaning. With what already occurred in the day, it didn’t surprise Courtney at all.

She was grateful to arrive in the detention room before Chase did, so she could deliver a killing glare when he walked in. Still, it didn’t change the fact she wasn’t able to use the restroom.

About five minutes later she heard Mr. Green yelling at Chase in the hallway. Maybe he had found another girl to harass? Courtney chuckled silently to herself.

Her silent laughing was interrupted by a strong reminder from her body she needed to find a toilet soon. She pulled out her homework, assuming she could distract herself from her bodily needs. T

Mr. Green entered the room followed closely by Chase. Courtney was repulsed by even the sight of him. What could of guy could bring themself to do what he did? Not one she wanted anything to do with.

Fifteen minutes into detention Mr. Green got a buzz on his phone and walked out. As soon as he left Courtney turned to her unwanted detention partner.

“If it wasn’t for you we wouldn’t be here. You know what Chase, you’re honestly pathetic. How would you feel if some even bigger guy did that shut to you? I hope you end living on the side of the street.” Courtney was stunned by what she had just said. The stress of her current bladder situation along with with had happened made her act meaner than she thought.

Chase didn’t answer, simply sinking further into his seat. Courtney turned around and looked back her homework. She realized that in fifteen minutes she had accomplished absolutely nothing. The clock seemed to be moving slower than it had in all her years of school. Yet her bladder only got worse and worse by the second.

She ran a hand down onto her crotch, trying to elevate the pain a bit. She couldn’t remember the last time she needed to piss this badly, maybe Middle School? Didn’t really matter now, all that mattered was making it until 4:15.

Courtney’s left leg started to bounce as the need to go worsened. She put her pencil down on the desk and grit her teeth as a wave of desperation came over her.

“Uh, are you okay?” Courtney heard Chase’s voice come from behind her.

“What the hell would you care?” She turned and snapped at him. Chase quickly looked back down at his desk in defeat. rashes

“Why couldn’t the damn bathroom just be unlocked?” The young woman quietly muttered to herself. Than she thought of a better situation. “Couldn’t Chase have just left me alone?” The boy who had tried to kiss her was about twenty feet from her, sitting there, getting away with he had done. Was there any justice in the world?

A second wave of desperation crashed over the poor girl like a tidal wave crashing over the shore. A whine managed to escape her lips as she gripped her crotch with both hands. She closed her eyes, trying to wish it all away.

Everything that had happened today, all seemed to be building up to this moment. She hadn’t intended for any of this to happen. It all seemed to be thrust upon her so fast. And now she was about to be humiliated for something that wasn’t even her fault...

It started slow, a light drizzle into her crotch before it turned into a full forced stream. Courtney audibly sighed as it poured down the back of her legs. The young woman’s jeans rapidly started to turn from light blue to dark blue as they filled with urine.

Courtney forgot that she was even in detention. All that filled her mind was the sweet relief of finally emptying her bladder. Her relief lasted a few seconds before a noise came from behind her.

“Holy shit!” Chase said behind the poor girl.

Courtney places her face down into her desk, trying to force her mind back into that state of blissful ignorance.

Chase stood up from his desk, mouth fully agape in awe of what he had just witnessed.

“Uhhh Courtney, are you okay?”

She didn’t move, simply preferring to try to drown her head into a low quality school desk.

“Mr. Green is coming back soon, you want him to see this? Take my jacket.” Chase removed his jacket and held it out to her. She just ignored him, just staring straight down into the abyss of industrial grade particle board.

“This is all your fault.” Courtney moaned through her sobs.

Chase had been feeling guilty all throughout detention, but now he was filled with total remorse for what he’d done. She was right, he had caused this.

“I’m really sorry okay, I’ll give you my jacket to cover it up and you can return it tomorrow and I’ll never speak to you again.”

“You could’ve just left me alone Chase, you could’ve just left me alone.”

“I know, I know. And now I’m trying to make up for it. You know what, keep the damn jacket.” He held it out to her again.

Finally she took it from him. She slowly stood up and wrapped it around her waist. Tearfully she looked up at her detention partner. “Thanks Chase.” She muttered.

“Hey you guys can go.” Mr. Green stuck his arm into the room gesturing for them to leave. Courtney waited a minute, and than set off for home.

*004*2019-11-05 20:14

{{On 11/1/2019 at 9:18 PM, Sapphire3619 said:

Well done! I'm so pleased with how you retained the original character of my story :)

}}

That was my goal all along :)

{{On 11/2/2019 at 8:29 AM, Batman007 said:

Great story

}}

{{On 11/1/2019 at 1:14 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was a fantasmic story

}}

I’m glad you guys liked it


