Jane the Taxi Driver

Author: BladderLad

*000*2019-10-14 11:41

Jane loved her job working as a private hire, taxi driver, on this Saturday afternoon she was collecting a gentleman called Rob, from a hotel on the outskirts of Leeds and driving him to Manchester- Jane is 30 and has short blond hair

Rob is 28, tall good looking, but rather shy. He had spent a great day at a work colleagues wedding, however he had to leave early in order to travel to Manchester (about 40 miles away) in order to attend his best friends 30th birthday party

Jane was sat in slowly moving traffic as she approached the hotel to pick Rob up, she was now a few minutes late, however hopefully would soon be there

Rob stood in the car park smoking a cigarette and impatiently waiting for his Cr to arrive. His whole reason for booking a taxi rather than taking the train back to Manchester was to ensure that he had time to attend both events, he was also experiencing a familiar feeing from his bladder, he was starting to need to pee again, even though he had taken a piss just before leaving the venue, however he had drunk 4 pints of lager as well as the obligatory champagne, coffee and orange juice. He was just considering running in for a last wee, when he saw the white private hire vehicle pull into the car park. Rob wondered what to do, but he was already slightly late, and the drive to Manchester was less than an hour, and he had always prided himself on his “cast iron bladder” always being able to out hold his mates when they were in the pub

Rob got into the car and they made small talk as Jane apologised for being late, she reassured Rob that they would be in Manchester in about 45 minutes according to her sat nav

Jane was very taken by her current customer. He was about 6ft, muscular, with short dark hair. He was wearing an attractive blue suit. He seemed a bit shy and didn’t want to chat to much, and had clearly had a few drinks, but to her delight he had chosen to sit in the centre of the back seat giving Jane a perfect view of him in her rear view mirror

Rob sat on the back seat, feeling alarmed at how quickly his bladder was filling up, it was the same old scenario, he had held on at the party until he was busting for a piss before going- however now the “seal was broken” he would be weeing all night long! He was casually scissoring his legs from side to side, with his hand between his legs, His bladder sent frequent signals to his brain, of how full it was, the only thing distracting him was the attractive blond taxi driver sat in front of him

Jane sat in the front seat watching her passenger in the back with interest. As a lover of male desperation she sometimes thought that she had the perfect job- she had lost count of the number of desperate young guys in the back of her taxi and she was starting to suspect this may be another of those occasions. Her passenger could not keep his legs still, and was starting to have a slightly worried look on his face!

Rob was now absolutely bursting for the toilet, the waist band of his suit trousers was pushing cruelly into his bladder, if he had been in the car on his own he would have loved to have loosened his belt and unclasped his trousers. He was constantly moving his legs and jamming his hand into his crotch

Jane watched Rob with increasing excitement , feeling a familiar tinge feeling in her crotch, and a slight moistness in her underwear, this guy was clearly dying for a pee, she was starting to wonder if he was going to be able to make the final 20 minutes of the journey without asking her to stop? At this moment she saw the traffic come to a halt up ahead and the ETA on her sat nav corrected itself to an hour later

Rob watched in horror from the back as the arrival time changed – there was no way he could hold his pee that long! He would wet his pants long before they arrived, however he couldn’t possibly ask this attractive woman to stop on the side of the motorway- but what else could he do?

As the traffic crawled along, Jane could harldly take her eyes off the sexy man in the back, he was now openly clutching his dick through his suit trousers and scissoring his legs like made, he was clearly very desperate now- her wet pussy was tingling like mad, she was unbelievably turned on, however when was he going to ask her to stop?

Rob was sweating, as he sat there feeing more desperate than he could ever recall- his whole lower tummy felt numb and somehow didn’t belong to the rest of his body, he simply could not hold on much longer, at this point he saw a blue motorway sign: SERVICES 1 MILE- his face as red a s fire, he stammered as he spoke to Jane- I am really sorry but could we stop? – I am absolutely desperate for the toilet!!

Jane ever the professional said yes of course, however she was so turned on by his predicament that she would have liked nothing more than to carry on driving and watch him wet his suit trousers in the back of her car

The traffic continued to crawl along, Rob was beside himself with desperation, when he felt the first hot spurt of piss hit the front of his Calvin Klein Boxer briefs- he was starting to lose the battle as they came off the slip road into the car park. The car park was unsurprisingly busy, Rob begged Jane to park right next to the building, as he did not think he could make it across the car park

Jane parked the car in the waiting bay and watched as Rob struggled to get out of the car- he could harldy bend or stand up he was in so much pain- she watched as he hobbled into the building doing a stange “run/walk- her pussy felt as though it wss on fire, now she had the car to herself she frantically rubbed herself, she was so turned on.

Rob frantcically walked along the corridor almost unable to walk- leak followed leak as he spurted into his boxers, he was losing the battle just meters from the mens toilet- he had no option but to hold his dick through his now damp undies and trousers as he made his way into the toilet and approached the urinal- as he let go of himself to undo his belt and trousers, he was now fully pissing himself and he fished his cock out of his soaking boxers- he stood at the urinal shaking as he pissed a seemingly endless stream- finally slowing down after a full minute with another minute of a slower stream and spurts.

When he had finally finished he was able to inspect the damage, his boxers were soaked but fortunately his trousers only had a small wet patch. He headed into a cubicle where he removed and abandoned his boxers, before doing his best to dry his trousers at the hand dryer. Before leaving he was somewhat surprised that his still sore bladder felt full again- he returned to the urinal and pissed for a further 30 seconds, before returning to the car where he thanked a rather flushed looking Jane!

*002*2019-10-14 18:35

{{1 minute ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic

}}

Thank you

*008*2019-10-20 16:50

{{5 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Loved that! Could Jane see he was wet? Did she suspect he now had no boxers on? Is there a follow up where he finds Jane with her hand still in her panties on his return to the car?

The best stories leave you wanting more!!

}}

Mmmmm a sequel??

