Daddy’s good obeying girl

Author: Brittanybunny

*000*2022-11-06 04:06

Sarah was a regular girl in her mid 20s who lived a normal life. Had a 9-5 job, a house and a partner. However, behind closed doors, she was a different girl. Sarah was deep down submissive and liked being little. Her partner, Hunter, was a daddy dom who controlled her in many different ways. Today was a different activity she never did before. Today, Hunter had asked her to get dressed in an outfit and fill her bladder, making her desperate to pee.

Sarah had spent 2 hours drinking water and now was getting dressed. Her legs were pressed together and she was moaning softly and making noises as she tried not to leak. She put on a pair of white leggings and a super girly pink frilly dress. She put bows in her hair and black shoes as requested. Sarah went back into the living room and didn’t hold herself but was nearing the need to. She had to pee so bad she was bouncing in place as she waited for Hunter to come home. She hoped he would come home soon so she could pee.

30 minutes later, Hunter came home and stepped into the door. He walked in and saw his girlfriend in the outfit he picked and dancing around. His cock got rock hard seeing his girl like this. “Hi there sweet girl, looks like you did as i asked like a good girl?”. Sarah looked at him and nodded. “Y..yes…. Yes i… i… i did….. i… i gotta pee so bad”. Hunter moaned softly and stepped up close to her. Grabbing the back of her head suddenly pulling her close. “Yes what? You know your manners, what do i go as when speaking to me?”

Sarah blushed shyly and squirmed in place. She was getting turned on by his actions. “Y….y…yes daddy…. I…. I did a a a as you told me”. Hunter smiled and kissed her “thats a good little girl, how bad do you need to pee? On a scale of one to ten?” Sarah held herself and bit her lip as she could feel her bladder full to the brim. “I…… i…i gotta go so bad….. i can’t hold it…. Please let me go to the bathroom, im at a 9?” Hunter laughed and looked at her. “Dance around, show me how bad you wanna go pee, do the full potty dance for me”.

Sarah danced in place as told and moaned and whimpered. She bounced and held herself as she crossed her legs and wanted to let go so bad. “D…daddy please i need to go so bad”. Hunter was softly rubbing his crotch as he watched this. “You wanna pee like a good girl?” he asked her as he watched this. Sarah nodded and whimpered “yes yes yes can i go to the bathroom?” Hunter smiled “you cant go to the bathroom, i dont give you permission to pee”. She whined and could barely hold on as she felt a leak in her panties. “P…please… i…. I can’t hold it…. I i gotta go”.

Hunter watched and his voice got low. “I said no, you better hold it or im gonna spank you, you are not allowed in the bathroom”. Sarah blushed and whined, holding herself tighter but she began dribbling and some pee dripped on the floor. “D…. D.. d d d daddy….. please let me pee…. Im about to wet my pants…”. She begged and begged but Hunter shook his head. “Hold it like a good girl or else”. She tried for about 20 more minutes before she couldn’t anymore. Her bladder exploded and pee began gushing into her panties. The front of her dress got soaked and so did her leggings as it pooled under her feet.

Hunter moaned as he watched and approached her. This was exactly what he had wanted to happen. He wanted to see his girlfriend piss herself in girly clothes. Pulling a chair out he sat down in front of her. Sarah was embarrassed as she finished peeing and looked at him, not expecting that at all. “H…hunter i… im so sorry… i… I couldn’t hold i.. ahh!” Before she could finish he pulled her onto his lap and lifted her dress. “I told you to hold it, now look what you did! And im not Hunter im daddy! Do you understand? Looks like i need to punish a bad little girl”. Suddenly with one swift motion, he spanked her ass.

Sarah moaned out loud as she was spanked and was getting horny as hell. “I…. I im sorry daddy, i didn’t mean to… I couldn’t hold it in, i didnt mean to speak out of terms”. Hunter kept spanking her and listened to her moans. “Sit up right now, you are gonna take something like a good obeying girl, remove your clothes, now!” Sarah got up and immediately removed her clothes til she was completely naked. “Now come here! Now!” He commanded as he unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out.

Sarah got close and blushed as she saw his cock. “You got daddy so hard, im gonna show you how to be an obeying girl by fucking your tight wet pussy”. Grabbing her he pulled her onto his lap and slid his massive cock inside of her. She moaned out loud and rode his cock and he lifted her hips and slammed his cock inside of her. “Ohhhh thats a good little girl….. getting filled with daddys big thick cock. This pussy is mine and no one gets to have you but me!”

Sarah moaned loudly “yes yes yes daddy i like being your obeying girl! I love daddy’s cock!” As he fucked her sarah grew a need to pee again. “D… daddy you gotta let me go i gotta pee again..”. Hunter didn’t stop and instead fucked her even harder and faster. Sarah moaned louder and louder and squirmed too. “D… daddy i…. I gotta go pee…. Let me off”. Hunter held her close and kissed her. “No, you sit and ride this daddy cock like a good girl, if you wanna pee then you gotta pee on my cock”. She was in absolute shock by his command but feeling his grip he was serious. Unable to hold it for long again she began peeing again and soaked his cock and heard it drip on the floor.

Hunter moaned and growled into her ear and fucked her even harder as she peed. This caused Sarah to moan louder and louder. “Ohhh daddy!!!!!” She was approaching orgasm and loved riding his cock. “Mmmmm i can tell you are ready to cum baby, im gonna cum to, and you are gonna cum on my command in 10…”. Hunter began kissing her neck. “9… ohhh baby your pussy is so good.. 8.. i love fucking you.. 7… you are MY obeying little girl.. 6.. im the only one who fucks you”. Sarah was shaking and was trying to hold back.

“5… ohhh babe you turn me on 4… ive been waiting all day…3… to cum inside you…2 and now you are gonna cum! 1… Now fucking cum!” Hunter growled as he pumped Sarah with his cum and she screamed out and came on his cock. Hunter was still pumping her as they came. Holding her as they were out of breath he laid her head on his shoulder and blushed. “Ohhh babygirl that was so good..”. Sarah lifted her head and looked at him. “So… you are into pee?” She never expected this and watched as Hunter for once looked shy.

“Yea… you looked so hot babe, i loved it, you seemed like you liked it too.” She blushed and nodded “actually… yea i did…. It felt so orgasmic.. im happy to do that more.” Hunter smirked and looked at her. “Good, because there is something else i need to have my little girl try”. Sarah smirked and looked at him “oh? And whats that?” Hunter kissed her and whispered in her ear. “I think a little girl who wets herself like a naughty girl needs diapers”.

The end

