MILF TEACHER STORY! - Page 2

Author: Blueyedhaw

*000*2024-09-20 22:59

{{On 9/16/2024 at 3:11 PM, theyellowsafe said:

I have an idea for you to consider...

Name: Anna

Age: 36

Appearance: Your stereotypical MILF body type

Anna always intended to go to college and get a degree, but an unexpected pregnancy put that to a temporary halt. A few more pregnancies, and finding herself a single mother, meant that temporary halt became more permanent. Now that her kids are a bit older, they finally convince her to go after her dream of earning a degree. She enrolls at the local community college, hoping she can juggle work, classes, and still being a good mom.

She really enjoys being back at school and finally working toward a degree she's always wanted. However, returning to school after being away for so long is a challenge, and Anna finds herself struggling to stay on top of things. Not wanting to fail out, ruining her dream and disappointing her children, Anna commits to passing her classes one way or another.

Her biggest challenge is one she never expected: She never has time for bathroom breaks due to her busy schedule. This leads to some difficult decisions. Does she risk being late to class just so she can use the bathroom? Does she risk going to the bathroom in class, potentially missing something important? Maybe she does at first, but her poor test grades convince her to put school at the top of her priority list - even above visiting the toilet.

This leads to many situations where Anna makes the difficult decision to wet or mess herself, just so she doesn't miss class or so she can think more clearly during quizzes/exams. She takes precautions to hide these accidents as much as possible, such as keeping towels in her car or only wearing skirts/dresses. Her schedule is so busy that she often doesn't have time to clean up or change after having an accident, leading to days where she's running around in wet/messy panties, hoping and praying nobody notices.

Sure, she feels weird messing her panties in the middle of a lecture, but she reminds herself she'd rather have messy panties and a degree instead of clean panties and no degree.

}}

Hey man this is nice. Sorry I didn't notice it earlier. (Did the mods hold it?)

*002*2024-09-21 17:55

Yeah I don't know either mods have been acting up lately flagging almost everything for some reason.

*003*2024-09-21 19:52

Hey heads up I'm posting the first story, I fear mods may put it on hold for a day or so. So heads up.

The small city of Shiack Indiana was always quiet in the morning. This was due to the gentrification of the small town, from mostly farms to large complexes filled with tenants on the top floors and businesses on the first. Since most people lived above their jobs, the sound pollution was low this early in the morning.

In one of these apartments our protagonist starts to stir in her bed.

On the third floor of an apartment complex that held a large office center for a local realtor firm that was buying and selling the land for the new apartments. Thanks to them, the local lower class had been able to get higher paying jobs with lower income houses thanks to the arrival of many new businesses in this small bustling city. And one of the people responsible for this was snoozing away in her soft bed.

Her name was Kelly Gardner. She had been in the realtor game for just over twenty years. She had spent long nights working away doing her best to make a barely livable wage for herself and her daughter. She was a single mother as the love of her life had tragically died a couple months after she gave birth due to a land disagreement between a rival ranch and the one her husband worked for.

For the next couple of months her life was a blur of tears and loneliness as she felt her rock slip away. But she was no quitter, no instead she focused on her job at a small realtor firm and raised her daughter by herself. Sure, there were hardships and skipped meals, but now her daughter had followed in her mothers’ footsteps and worked hard at school allowing her to get a scholarship at a college a couple states away with a free ride. And Kelly couldn’t be any prouder, her baby had grown up and would one day be even more successful than her.

But that didn’t matter as Kelly twisted and turned in her bed covered head to toe by a heavy yellow blanket. The ringing on her bedside table was loud and she reached a handout of her warm embrace to pat and touch around trying to desperately turn it off while staying warm. But after a minute of ringing, she shot out of bed annoyed and slammed her fist on the clock, finally silencing it.

Kelly pulled her arms back and stretched her joints as she looked in the mirror hung on her closet door. Despite being almost forty-six, she didn’t have too many wrinkles, and with make-up on she could probably pass for her late twenties. For this Kelly was eternally grateful to her mothers’ genes, who almost didn’t age during her entire childhood.

She yawned silently as she got out of bed and stretched her legs. She was wearing light-yellow pajama pants and a matching shirt that were a little big on her. Opening her eyes again she looked down at her single bed and started making it.

By now she had long since given up on finding love again. Not that she found herself ugly or anything along those lines, she just believed the time for love in her life was over. She had plenty of friends who always had her back and a daughter who still called her momma, so she was not craving a man in any sense.

Putting her pillow in place, Kelly looked at her handiwork before she realized something was missing, or rather someone.

“Rhiny?” She said her first word of the day as she pats down her bed before getting on her knees and looking under her bed.

A relieved sigh came out of her as she reached a handout and pulled out a small stuffed rhinoceros with cartoonish eyes and red pants.

She pulled the stuffed toy to her cheek and nuzzled it for a couple seconds before standing back up and placing the plush next to her pillow as Kelly walked out of her room.

Speaking of it, looking around it, one could definitely mistake it for that of a child’s room as on her dresser and shelves were small trinkets and stuffed animals fitting that of a girl almost thirty years younger.

Well, it all really started when she started having nightmares of her partners death. She’d wake up in a cold sweat with shaky hands as she desperately tried to turn on any light she could find to quench her fear. After a couple of weeks of this going on she finally bit the bullet and bought herself a nightlight. At the time she was mortified. She was thirty with a three-year-old child, yet she was the one afraid of the dark. Afterwards when her daughter started going to school during the nights it felt like she would always get in Kelly’s bed and soon after she’d find her daughters toys invading her room and it was only after her daughter left for college did, she really notice how she kept most of them for own sake.

She contemplated throwing them away but after a long talk with a close friend she decided she was comfortable enough with her maturity to keep these toys close to her heart. Besides, collecting them could be a fun hobby for her workaholic self. So now each night she sleeps in her small bed under a large blanket cuddling a small rhino. And frankly she loved it.

But back to the present, Kelly was stretching her back while walking to the bathroom to clean her face and brush her teeth.

As she gently rubbed a towel on her face Kelly looked in the mirror.

She was on the shorter side of five foot, standing only five foot two, and over the years had put on some weight. But thankfully most of it went into the right places. Specifically, her ample butt and thighs. Although she still had a bit of a gut, she wanted to get rid of it, but sit-ups are hard and Kelly by self-admission is pretty lazy on her days off. Her chest supported thirty-two E cups, and she had a rounder face.

Looking over to the toilet with her hazel eyes, Kelly placed herself down as she felt a stream come out of her and land in the water.

Kelly lazily placed her chin in her palm as she waited for the stream to end. She couldn’t explain it but recently her bladder had been slowly shrinking. She first noticed it a couple months ago when her usual trip to the deep farmland made her stop in the middle of nowhere and pop a squat to avoid pissing in her car. Afterwards these sorts of incidents happened more often as she felt her bladder muscles start to atrophy. Now if she were to have a drink before bed it was almost guaranteed that she’d wake up bursting and having to make a mad dash to the toilet.

Luckily today wasn’t that type of day. Finally, her stream ended, and she started to undress while starting a warm shower to wake her up. As she was pulling down her pajama pants Kelly looked back at her mirror and giggled as she pinched the fat on her fanny recalling when she tried to learn from the internet how to twerk and almost broke her coffee table.

This brought a smirk to the older woman as she walked into her shower and started to clean off.

After a ten-minute shower Kelly dried herself off and excited the bathroom nude. Even when her daughter was home Kelly was never ashamed of her body and often walked around a little bit after a shower due to her disdain of wet clothes. Today was no different as she took this opportunity to text her daughter to have a nice day and that she loved her.

Following this Kelly looked at her phone’s clock and realized it was almost seven and she quickly needed to leave to be on time for something very important.

Quickly Kelly ran to her drawer and her closet and put on today’s outfit. A loose top that showed a small amount of cleavage, along with light blue leggings that complimented her white top.

Underneath both were a matching pair of pink panties and bra. Although her panties were fairly old by now and resembled that of a thong between her bigger cheeks.

Kelly quickly applied some light make up and put her brunette hair into a ponytail that just went past her shoulders. Leaving the bathroom with a smile to herself in the mirror, Kelly grabbed her purse and made her way to the stairway and made her way to the first floor. Looking through the window Kelly smiled as she saw the empty building. It was only seven and no one really came in until eight.

Good thing that wasn’t her destination, as she placed her hands in her pockets as she walked to the newly opened java house.

As she walked, she noticed the chilly morning breeze. It was funny how not even two days ago it was in the nineties. But when you live in Indiana, you start to expect these things.

Getting to the coffee house Kelly spotted her car not to far away as last night her building’s parking spaces were all full due to some college party on the second floor.

Walking inside Kelly was able to get in and out in a little less than five minutes as most of the staff adored her. Most of which were local fresh out of college kids who got this job thanks to the buildings near them, so they made sure she had top priority even moving her medium to an extra large at no cost.

So, Kelly left with extra pep in her step as she sipped her coffee, which thanks to her, now had more milk and sugar than actually coffee. But she liked it this way and for some ungodly reason drank it almost every day. How she hasn’t had a heart attack yet was one of the world’s biggest mysteries. Although today would be the first time she’d ever have an extra-large.

‘Today would definitely be a day of multiple bathroom breaks.’ Kelly thought as she reached her white 1987 Nissan Stanza… She preferred functionality over looks. So, getting in her car she took a deep suck of her straw and connected her Bluetooth to the car blasting F.U.N, at a reasonable volume as she hyped herself up.

All throughout her drive Kelly continued to take sips of her milky coffee. The drive wasn’t long, and she got to her destination within ten minutes. During this time, she had drunk almost half her coffee. Knowing herself Kelly shifted from one cheek to another trying to judge how much longer until she’d need a bathroom break.

“… forty-five minutes…” she said somewhat confidently as she pulled into her destination.

She parked her car and looked up at the building in front of her. It was pretty large with the sign, Ivy Tech Community College, on the entrance.

With one of her trademarked smiles Kelly took another sip of her bean juice and walked towards the building, recounting how this started.

It began less than a week ago when she was minding her own business in her modest office totally not looking at the new generation of Pokémon sitting cuties… Ok maybe she was but that’s not relevant.

Anyways around noon her boss, a man in his early fifties who had prematurely dyed his hair a respectable grey that clashed with his almost inhuman golden eyes walked into her office.

He was pale and wore a white collared shirt covered by a waistcoat and form fitting black pants. Sitting down in front of Kelly’s desk they had a brief conversation about when Kelly first arrived at his office and how thanks to her and a few other staff members they’d been able to grow.

Kelly could tell he was beating around the bush, but she waited for him to get to the point. As it would turn out, the office was branching out to cover much higher priced land with more affluent buyers and companies. Our brunette beauty could hardly contain her childlike excitement as she covered her mouth and nose with her hands and fanned her thighs out and in underneath to try and hide some of her excitement.

The older man smirked as he saw his apprentice acting like this. But his face became serious as he looked her in the eye and told her,

“Ya know kiddo, when this deal goes through, I’m gonna have a lot on my plate… I’m gonna need a second in command.”

Kelly froze in place as she could only blink as she registered the information.

“M-Mr. Uptann?”

“What’d ya say? Care to handle the day-to-day work while I work on big picture deals?” The older man said pushing his seat to its back legs.

The next couple minutes were a blur as Kelly literally jumped over her desk and gave her big brother figure a leaping hug that knocked him to the ground.

Thankfully no bones were broken, and Uptann found it funny. The two discussed details on the floor between giggles.

Besides the fairly decent pay raise, Kelly now had almost the same authority as Uptann. Although he reluctantly had to inform her, she needed to go to the local community college for a week of seminars at a “Get back into the workforce” course.

This was because this seminar was supposedly used to show proper edicate, and such at the office. Uptann even rolled his eyes at this, he too had to take this seminar a couple years ago with a bunch of people half his age who took breaks and the like from work. He wasn’t for this, but big businesses liked to see this course mentioned in their advisors for some reason or another.

And now, with a pay increase to motivate her Kelly walked through the double doors of the community college with a grin.

Kelly never went to college, and barely graduated high school, so this walk through the halls made her heart come to life. But that may’ve been the caffeine as each time she made eye contact she got embarrassed due to her age and sucked on her straw.

She walked through the halls pulling up her phone and looking for the room number. While walking Kelly took notice of the lack of bathrooms. She saw one at the entrance, and one only every couple of halls.

Gulping, Kelly hoped her classroom wasn’t too far from a restroom.

After almost ten minutes of walking around the green accented halls she found her seminar room. And as luck would have it, a restroom was a door down.

“Oh good.” Kelly said as she walked to the door and noticed a “no food or drink” sign on the door.

Sighing Kelly walked over to the nearby trashcan and sucked down her coffee in a couple seconds already feeling bloated.

Going back to the open-door Kelly walked in and saw a generic college classroom with red cushioned seats in a semi-circle around the small space where the speaker/teacher would explain in detail things Kelly already knew.

Checking the time, class would start in a few minutes, and Kelly quickly sat in the very back corner opposite of the door. Sitting her plump cheeks down, she leaned forward and noticed that there were not many people there. Just a couple of women a decade or two in the front seats and a girl maybe in her early thirties with short green hair not too far off from her seat.

Not to long after sitting down Kelly saw the lights turn off and the projector turn on a slideshow as the teacher started going on a clearly pre-preformed speech as Kelly immediately stopped paying attention as all she needed to do was show she took apart in the seminar.

The first thirty minutes were a bore as Kelly wasted time trying to see if she could remember the first two generations of Pokémon. (She could.)

But around the thirty-minute mark she could feel her bladder start to become full. Kelly contemplated holding it as she crossed one leg over the other. It wasn’t bad, but she’d rather be empty.

However not knowing college bathroom etiquette, Kelly raised her hand next time the teacher stopped talking.

“Ah, yes?” The slightly younger teacher said as she pointed to Kelly.

“Um… May I use the bathroom?” she asked like an elementary school student.

“Ugh… this is exactly what I was talking about. When you’re in the workforce you’re going to need to hold it in. You won’t always have time for a potty break, no.” The woman said putting her glasses up with two fingers as she went back to looking at the projector screen.

Kelly winced in embarrassment as she felt stupid. But she quickly crossed her arms underneath her breast and puffed her cheeks.

‘Actually, I get all the potty breaks I need…’ Kelly thinks to herself as she recalled this class would be ninety minutes.

Could she hold it that long? Kelly felt nervous as she crossed one meaty thigh over the other as she looked over at the green haired woman a couple seats down.

Like Kelly she was short, but it was hard to tell her exact height from her seated position. If Kelly had to make an educated guess, she was only five foot even. Along with the fact she was a pretty tiny woman. Not just in stature, but in width too as if Kelly had to guess, she looked maybe a hundred pounds. She was clearly paying attention, but she had her hands in her oversized hoodie from some other college.

But with her pretty good vision Kelly could tell by the squint of her eyes and the nibbling of her lip she too wasn’t happy by this news. But looking down at her own thighs Kelly started to worry if she’d make it.

After another fifteen minutes Kelly panicked. She was halfway through the lecture but now she kept rotating her thighs, one on top of the other as she fiddled with her hands. If she had to put it in a number, she would be seventy percent full. And this scared Kelly. She knew her limits and figured she could just narrowly make it, but it would be close.

Putting a palm in her crotch she felt the urge subside as Kelly tried to pump herself up.

“Not this time…” She muttered as she once again looked over at her row mate, who while still was paying deep attention to the presentation was clearly fidgeting in her seat just like Kelly.

‘Just like me huh?’ Kelly wonders as she tried thinking of her happy place. A place where she didn’t have to hold herself or ever have accidents.

But unfortunately, this peace only lasted ten minutes.

Now Kelly was really panicking. She could feel herself sweating as she now had both hands in her crotch, with her right thigh almost surrounding her entire hand as she kept clenching. Now she was actively huffing and puffing as she felt her lower stomach hurt. She had to be ninety percent full by now as she rocked in her seat. She shook in her seat like a schoolgirl and felt like one too, as she felt her breast move with her shakes as she now gritted her teeth behind her lips.

It was bad, but she could handle it. She just needed to focus.

‘I can do this, I just need t-‘her though was caught off guard as she felt herself almost leak. Her face grew pink as she was now grabbing at her pussy taking deep breaths. After a minute the feeling subsides, and now Kelly decided she needed to focus on anything other than herself. She felt like a water ballon that was taking on a little too much water as her feet started to grow restless as her thighs stayed glued together over her hands.

Once again, she looked over at the dark green haired woman only to see her now having the hand on Kelly’s side in between her thighs, and her other hand now raised directly up.

She had a light red blush on her cheeks and was clearly embarrassed as the teacher called on her.

“Yes?”

“Um… I-I…” The woman seemingly lost her nerve as she slowly started to lower her hand.

“Ugh, if you need a toilet then you are not fit for the workforce!” The short-tempered woman said shaking her head as she seemingly read her mind.

‘No….’ Kelly thought as she was about to raise her hand.

Kelly looked over again as she saw the woman look like hyperventilating. But Kelly couldn’t focus long as she went back to frantically holding herself and making small kitten-like noises as she tried to hold her bladder. Lightly moaning as she secretly wished she had a penis so she could just grip it… ok maybe she doesn’t know a lot on male biology but she could imagine.

Now not even five minutes later, Kelly’s eye shot open as she felt a small spurt of pee escape her grasp and splash into her panties.

As a response Kelly tightened her grip and thankfully didn’t feel any wetness on her leggings. But she didn’t look, she feared if she did, then an accident wasn’t too far away.

‘Oh God, this is just like when I forgot to go after leaving Walmart! I totally soaked my shorts back then! It’s so embarrassing… I can’t wet myself again like that! I just can’t!’ Kelly thought as she recalled her previous accident. She needed to do something or else she was leaving this stupid lecture with soaked leggings.

So once again she turned over to her desperate ally hoping to figure something out. But instead, she looked… happy?

Kelly looked over at the woman confused. She had her head facing the ceiling and she saw her eyes flicker open and shut as she squinted.

‘What the h-heck? She looks like… Wait?’

Kelly took a deep breath in and leaned back as far as she could in her chair. Thanks to the circular nature of the seats Kelly could just narrowly see her left thigh and a small bit of her crotch. But what she saw shocked her.

She saw her black pants were now down to her lower thighs as she had one hand between her pasty thighs… well to put it simply playing with herself.

Kelly quickly shot back to her original position blushing as she saw that woman’s private time.

Thoughts went through her mind as she tried to figure out what to do with this new information.

She remembered reading a while back about how men couldn’t really pee when they were aroused… were women the same? She never considered it could be the same for women… maybe she could do the same.

Kelly quickly contemplated this before shaking her head.

‘n-no, I can hol-‘once again Kelly’s thoughts were interrupted as she felt another leak escape. But this one was much stronger. Lasting as long as the last one, but almost like she was peeing at full force.

Now pushing her hand deeper in she just barely stopped as she felt her pants grow damp. It wasn’t much but she feared this was the beginning of the end.

It was the time for hail Mary’s. Kelly took her dominant hand and slowly snaked it down beneath her spandex and into her panties. They were moist but that didn’t stop Kelly as she covered her pussy with her hand, feeling her wet hairs slick up her hand. An unfortunate side effect of rarely shaving.

She looked back over to her silent companion as she thought of chickening out. But she noticed now the woman had one hand still going to town, but her other hand was now covering her mouth as her eyes showed pure pain mixed with ecstasy.

Biting her lip and jiggling up and down in her seat Kelly took a shaky breath as she slowly started grinding against her hand. This just narrowly subjugated her urge as she shuddered. She was unaware of how long she would continue to do this but she both felt in heaven and hell as her legs started to spasm and her breath became ragged. But a thought quickly came to her mind as she felt something come closer.

‘W-w-what if I cum?’ this thought quickly brought her out of her daze as she realized her conundrum. She was already a natural squirter, now imagine what would happen if she needed to pee? It would all be over.

So, she put a stop to her fingers as she tried to come down her body begging her to finish as she felt like her pupils could’ve been hearts. Only to feel her get wet as she realized a large three second gush escape her bladder. It took everything in her power to stop this as she could now see the edges of her pee stain under her crossed leg.

Panicked she tried to think of what to do… But all she heard was the sound of liquid spraying against the plastic chair of the next row.

Only Kelly realized it wasn’t her. She looked over to her green-haired ally who now had her head over the back of her chair panting as her body shook. This sound was coming from her. If Kelly had to guess… she too was a squirter.

Hearing this caused Kelly to once again leak a spurt that was even harder to get under control. Her pee now spreading to her butt causing her to jolt up straight.

As this was going on she could hear the teacher asking some question, but she wasn’t listening as she leaked again. She tried to stop it but could only slow it down to a dribble. The end for her grasp was coming to a close.

Once again, her teacher asked a question, this time Kelly figured out she was talking to her. What, she had no idea as she shot up from her seat, realizing her purse was still on her shoulder. She winced as she felt her stream pick up, but she was able to stop it as she, with her hand still in her panties grabbed her pee hole and forcibly pinched it just narrowly stopping it as she stumbled from her seat as her teacher yelled something she couldn’t hear. As she hobbled by, she saw her friend now had her eyes half open, her pants still down with her arms dangling at each side of her chair, while Kelly saw and heard her stream forcibly hitting the chair in front of her. She had her mouth open as she continued to shake. Her eyes almost looked like pleading as she looked at Kelly who rushed to the door and almost broke it down with her weight as she pushed it open.

Getting into the hall the lights showed Kelly had leaked halfway down her thighs and were clearly still wet as she looked down the hall to see the women’s bathroom. She almost felt like fainting as she quite literally ran as fast as she could, her heart almost beating out of her chest. Now she was uncontrollably dribbling as she got closer to relief. She imagined planting her butt on the seat as she relieved herself.

But those were just fantasies as she looked at the door and her face went pale.

‘Floor cleaning in progress.’

The paper taped to the door was the last straw as she finally lost control.

Her bladder contracted and a large, loud stream escaped her and quickly flooded her pants. Starting down her left leg then moving to her right as Kelly almost felt like she heard a firehose. But instead, it was her bladder as it pooled under her and Kelly started to hyperventilate as she wanted to scream, cry, and be held. Her pussy was on fire as she could hear the sound of her forcible stream soak through her pants and going into her shoes warming her skin as the amber liquid continued its conquest down her legs.

But suddenly she felt a hand on her back. Looking behind herself in fear as she continued peeing, she saw the woman from earlier now buttoning her pants. She looked just as embarrassed as Kelly but all she did was open her arms towards the taller woman as small tears escaped her eyes.

Kelly too felt like crying and jumped at the woman and placed her chin on her shoulder as she kept wetting.

The woman gently rubbed circles on Kelly’s back as she felt tears escape as she felt her pants get wet from Kelly’s continued stream.

But this hug didn’t last long as She heard the door to the next class down open. Both girls froze in place, but the smaller woman only grabbed Kelly’s hand and ran as fast as she could to the door with Kelly behind her still peeing leaving a trail. They only stopped running when they got outside, now both having empty bladders. They were silent for a minute catching their breath before looking at each other. Kelly looked down and saw how bad her legs were, she could even see her pink panties.

She felt disgusting. Maybe she should just start wearing adult diapers. She already slept with a nightlight and stuffed animals, it would just complete the look.

But these thoughts were quickly stopped as she heard laughter. Kelly looked over and saw the green-haired lady now having both her hands on her thighs as she looked over at Kelly bent over with a tear in her eye. Normally this might’ve caused the poor women to have a mental breakdown, but not today. She realized how silly this was as she joined in on the laughter.

“God, I had to go.” The hoodie wearing girl said pigging at her tight pants.

“Me too!” Kelly said trying to get it off her chest as she fanned her legs out to show off the stain.

“But for a little bit it felt good.”

“Maybe a little….”

“But I feel like a brand-new woman, hopefully my husband will help me clean off.” The woman said with a wink as her cheeks turned a light pink.

The two started comparing and admitting to small things as they both pulled out their phones and gave each other their phone numbers.

After their laughing fit, they both wiped the tears from their eyes as they made their way back to their own separate cars. Kelly refused to look the instructor in the eye after that. She’d probably lose the promotion but honestly, she was just glad it was over. Besides she had the rest of the day to feel better, Uptann generously decided that this class could go long, so naturally he’d just pay her to simply go and if she got off on time well, she’d probably be too tired to come in.

“Best boss ever.” Kelly said as she opened her car and sat down. She grimaced at the wetness and let gravity take her head and put it on her steering wheel as she thought back. She was able to laugh it off, but she still was embarrassed. She really wanted a ‘pick me up’, like a nice ice cream, but she recently placed a big order, so she was a tad bit scraped for cash.

When she got back to her complex Kelly sighed in relief as she found most of the spaces were empty.

Parking Kelly looked for anyone, and when she saw nothing, she quickly used her key card and ran inside, taking it two steps at a time. The elevator was too popular, and she didn’t really want people to see her like this. Finally reaching her floor Kelly got out of the stairs and walked to her apartment. But what she didn’t expect was a massive box in front of her door.

“N-no way!” She quickly ran to her door to see the box a good size taller than her.

“T-they said it would be a month?” Kelly said as she looked at the box which had an order date and a delivery date, along with the name of the buyer.

Apparently, it was ordered a month ago.

“Name, Ashton U… Uptann.” Kelly read the name out loud and opened her mouth in shock. If this really was what she thought it was, this box contained almost a couple grand. Kelly went to move the box, touching the top and finding a folded piece of paper.

She pulled it off the box and read the note out loud.

“Good luck, you’re going to need all the stress relief you can get. Sorry for skipping your first few birthdays here.” Was all it said, and Kelly almost broke down in tears again. Back when she first started Mr. Uptann, a young man back then had to skip his employee birthdays due to how little the business was making. But now Kelly could only guess this was for all those years.

Kelly smiled as she unlocked her door and more or less shoved the box in.

She quickly ran to her kitchen completely forgetting her soaking wet pants and grabbed a knife, cutting the top of the box open which was now on its side as pushing it in was the only way to really get it in. And low and behold she was right. It was the entire generation seven Poke Dex, in plush form!

Kelly was over the moon but recalled she too had placed this order yesterday.

She felt bummed out about wasting that money before quickly reminding herself if she cancelled within twenty-four hours, she’d get her money back. This time she yelled out,

“YAY!” As she jumped up and down. Tonight, she’d be having ice cream for dinner and be sleeping with a couple hundred stuffed animals. It was her childhood dream.

Meanwhile a couple stories down a white-haired man smoked a cigar in his office as his employees took calls and went on house tours. He reached into his desk and pulled out a small, framed photo almost twenty years earlier. It was of him, a man who looked almost identical, just a little younger both wearing suits, standing next to a young woman wearing a gorgeous white wedding dress.

He breathed out a puff of smoke and looked down at the photo.

“I’m still here.” He said in a deep voice with a small accent.

“Don’t worry, the two of them are in good hands… Rest well brother.” He said putting the frame back in the drawer and taking another puff of his cigar. He heard his landline ring and picked it up, however he couldn’t say anything as he heard,

“Ashton Uptann what the hell! Why did I just get an invoice of almost two thousand dollars on toys!” Uptann quickly realized the call and slowly lowered the phone wincing as he hung up on his wife.

“… I wonder if Kelly would let me sleep on her couch?”

THE END!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Well everyone that was the first story down and I'm immediately working on the second. Tell me what worked and failed. And if you'd like a continuation just add what's next for our less than dynamic duo in the school.

*004*2024-09-21 19:55

Hey heads up I'm posting the first story, I fear mods may put it on hold for a day or so. So heads up.

*006*2024-09-21 20:28

You're good bud.

*010*2024-10-05 04:47

{{3 hours ago, asdiddd said:

Can‘t wait to see this story

}}

Thanks man! But it may be a bit.

{{1 minute ago, warham1995 said:

Update on my story, i decided to change the students to mocking her while commando.

}}

Ok man I get it I'll add it in. Also I feel I should mention I unfortunately had to take a break for a week and a half from writing because I injured a couple of my fingers and it was advised I didn't type while I had the bandages on. But now that the wounds have healed enough I'm getting write back on it, and hopefully I'll be able to finish the next entry by the end of the week.

*012*2024-10-05 04:51

Heh thanks. You know eventually with one of these stories I'm planning on adding a woman with a split tongue that shes shy about, I just need to figure out which one.

*015*2024-10-15 20:25

Go ahead man, although I will admit I'm on a bit of a break as I'm working on my interactive story. But go ahead man, it just might take a while.

*017*2024-10-15 22:30

{{7 minutes ago, Jack Globus said:

Okay. Take your time. This is what I have come up with:

Name: Vera Concannon

Age: 49 (born in 1975)

Occupation: Head of the English department at a community college in Schiak, Indiana.

Physical Appearance: Tall (six feet even) and thin, with firm muscles from a persistent workout schedule. Dark red hair, shoulder-length. Eyes are pale blue. Her skin is pale, with freckles across her cheeks and shoulders. Her hands are long, with slender fingers, the nails well-manicured. Her breasts are small with prominent nipples. Her buttocks and thighs have a little extra flesh to them compared to the rest of her body. She has large feet.

She wears thick-framed glasses. She is wearing a pale blue bra and panties, a pale blue blouse, white skirt, and white sandals. She wears a plain silver necklace, a pair of pearl earrings, and a pair of plain rings on her left hand.

Bathroom Habits: Regular enough. She typically pees seven times a day, and poops once or twice. When at work, she typically uses the departmental women’s bathroom, though she occasionally grabs a stall in one of the student restrooms when it’s quiet. When she gets desperate (either to urinate or defecate), she becomes very still and inexpressive. She does not believe in expressing her toilet needs publicly. It’s not something that women should do. So, in times when others will squirm or fidget, she practically turns into a statue, with a stoic look on her face.

Since turning 18, she has wet herself five times, and has never pooped herself (though come close twice).

Sexuality: She is mostly attracted to men, having been married and divorced twice, along with several boyfriends across her life. That said, she has had two same-sex experiences in her thirties. She is currently single. In terms of kinks, she is a fan of light bondage (no more than being bound by her wrists and ankles) and some spanking. She has a latent interest in omorashi (entirely in seeing other peoples’ desperation), though she’s never felt like explored that aspect of herself.

Scenario: The day of junior final exams has arrived at the college. Dr. Goines has agreed to proctor the English finals, as the professor who typically supervises that exam has come down with COVID. The English finals are known to be legendarily tough, requiring multiple essays and lasting for three hours. During this time, absolutely no bathroom breaks are allowed. It is advised that all students use the bathroom prior to the start of the exam, and to moderate how much water they drink during test time.

Nonetheless, it is a given that at least a few people will be in desperate straits by the time the test is over. Ms. Goines, who has eaten a spicy lunch and drunk an extra amount of water prior to the start of the exam, is initially fine. But, as the hours pass, more students start crossing their legs and squirming in their seats, and a few low farts can be heard. Ms. Goines, too, finds herself with both a bladder that is rapidly filling, and bowels that are burning up, cramping to be emptied of gas and filth.

Outcome: Entirely up to you. My personal preference is that she just barely makes it to a toilet (any toilet), but, as I said, it’s up to you. If you wish for her to have a massive accident in front of all the students (or something completely different), that is fine with me, too.

}}

Wow dude this is good! I just have a few questions, when were her 5 accidents, what were her two same sex relationships, and do you want any of the students desperate and don't make it? I'd love to hear all of your thoughts, no detail is to small! OK buddy?

*019*2024-10-16 00:44

Dude all of this is amazing! I just want to know any other details you find important. Again nothing is too small, teacher student relationships, almost messing herself, masturbation habits, literally I want to know everything about this woman so I can write her the best I can. So please man tell all!

*021*2024-10-16 18:35

Thanks buddy! I have this all on the list!

