The Bladder Massage - Sophie

Author: Bangarang

*000*2020-06-15 15:08

Here's the first part of a story based on an idea and an experience I had some time ago, I hope you all enjoy it! Comments and Constructive Criticism welcome.

Client One - Sophie

Prologue

Sophie had been having an embarrassing problem recently. Among her friends and family, she was known as the iron bladder, the girl who never needed a wee, Miss never tinkle, the list went on. In short, she had probably the biggest and strongest bladder of anyone she’d ever met. She was easily able to outlast anyone who dared to try and out hold her, inevitably sending them all hobbling cross legged and gripping their crotch one after another to the bathroom, while she sat quite comfortably, smirking at them.

Usually she’d sit around a while longer, rubbing it in to them that she wasn’t even close to her limit before rising and walking at a normal pace to the bathroom and unleashing a flood so loud and long that the sheer sound of it would cause anyone to think there was either a bath running, or a severely broken pipe somewhere in the building.

Indeed, Sophie’s bladder was so large that she would regularly tease her friends and family on car journeys or cinema trips about their inability to last without a bathroom break, much to their annoyance.

Recently however, something had changed. One evening, during a night of partying, Sophie had been demonstrating her huge bladder against a group of college boys. As usual, she had beaten them all easily, and as so many of the guys had reached their limit at once, many of them were forced to desperately search for other places to relieve their bursting bladders as the bathroom line was simply too long to handle. Sophie had laughed at their antics till a tear came to her eye, she felt mean laughing at them, but how could anyone not laugh at a group of guys rushing from place to place, often with their hands down their pants, before slowly one by one all stopping and releasing a flood into whatever they had found to serve as their toilet. A sink, a potted plant, a vase and a tree had all been utilised, just to name a few.

Eventually, the line to the bathroom had gone down, and Sophie finally made her own visit to it, and unleashed her bladder in such a loud and long fashion that by the time she was done, several of the guys she had beaten before were waiting outside of the bathroom for her to finish, their bladders having been triggered again by her relief.

Shortly afterwards, Sophie had returned home and was comfortably laid up in bed feeling very amused with her antics. As she started to drift off to sleep, she felt her bladder twitching, but as she often did, she simply pushed the thought from her mind and fell asleep.

When she awoke, she found herself unusually bursting for her morning pee, crossing her long tanned legs tightly to fight the urge, she lazily tried to switch positions and fall back asleep. A few moments later and her need had gotten much worse and she knew sleep was no longer an option. As she stood up from her bed, gravity hit her bladder and hit it hard. Gasping softly, Sophie gripped her vagina hard with one hand, sticking out her large well rounded ass as she went into a half squat. Sophie panicked a little when this didn’t help, and squeezed harder, biting her knuckles on her free hand softly as her rear end waggled from side to side alluringly.

Finally the surge of desperation abated, and Sophie quickly hurried to the bathroom, her hand still squeezing at her crotch as she walked. Reaching the bathroom door, Sophie could almost feel the relief she was about to get when she was able to take her seat on the throne, with her usual smirk on her face, Sophie opened the door.

The smirk quickly fell away however, when before her she saw her sister Emily sat quite comfortably on the toilet, weeing away.

‘Occupied!’ Screeched Emily as she jumped in shock, her flow cutting off suddenly.

Sophie started to dance on the spot, her legs twisting and crossing as her hands grabbed at herself, ‘Oh gosh, Emily please hurry!’

As she recovered from her surprise, Emily had a wicked smile on her face, ‘Why, something wrong? Is the great iron bladder finally ready to spring a leak? Miss never tinkle finally ready to go?’

‘Yes!’ Sophie replied, squatting further down in desperation at each joke from Emily.

Emily laughed, ‘Well what is it you normally tell everyone else? You’ll just have to wait until I’m done…’

Sophie groaned in bladder bursting agony as Emily started to very slowly pee again, the sound was driving her crazy, she couldn’t cross her legs tight enough, grabbing her vagina was doing nothing and her bladder was threatening to explode any second, she had no choice.

She sprinted downstairs, out of the backdoor, into the garden and there behind a bush that was nowhere near big enough to hide her shapely bottom, she did the very thing she had so heavily laughed at the college boys from the night before. She relieved herself somewhere other than a toilet.

And that’s how it was for Sophie for that entire week, her once huge mighty bladder, seemed to have been replaced by a tiny weak thing that could barely hold at all. She hated it, but her friends and family loved it, all taking their turn to get their revenge on her. By the end of the week she seemed resigned to this being her fate now, until one day she came across an advert on her computer, ‘Lou’s massage clinic’ the advert read showing a picture of smiling young blonde woman stood in front of a massage table ‘We specialise in sports injuries, physical rehab, and the bladder.’

Worth a shot, Sophie thought as she clicked on the image.

