Offering personalized Kink related stories!

By Blueblrd [x] (-)

*000*2020-11-09 22:31

Hi! My name is Bree and I'm a freelance writer/editor looking for some extra work. I try my best to be a friendly person with an open line of communication, so please don't be afraid to message me even if you're not sure if you'll buy a slot!

I have almost 8 years of experience with the written or digital word, and have written a lot of my own work. I'm currently writing my own book, and can show off more random projects I've worked on if requested. I've written and edited a few books, biographies, and even a textbook, so I have experience in most writing areas.

My greatest strength is fiction, creating a story based on characters you really like, or creating a completely new story based on your needs with well-written characters. Non-fiction is not much worse in quality, if at all, however any research I have to do will mean I need to put in extra time to ensure the same level of quality.

Things I will not write:

- Non-consensual sexual content.

- Grooming.

However, if you are looking for Kink related work, I am a very open person and would be happy to do business with you! Nothing other than what is listed above is off limits, although if I don't know what content you prefer, please take the time to help me understand so that your work is the best it can be!

I require that I be paid before I start working, as I don't want to waste time on a commission that won't be paid when other clients are paying for it. I can provide social media that I am active on and other such forms of contact so that you can feel more secure in the knowledge that I won't run away with any payment.

However, I only accept payments via PayPal and require the full amount in one payment unless I can provide proof that you will have the money to pay the rest upon delivery.

Prices:

Up to 100k words - cents per word.

That means 50k would be $500, that also means 1k words would be ten dollars.

To help put that in perspective, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is about 77k words long.

Please feel free to comment with any questions or concerns!

You can contact me via

[email protected]

Or

Bird Queen#9737 on Discord!
