A Pair of Wet Jeans

Author: BarneyOMO

*000*2024-02-05 21:53

A PAIR OF WET JEANS

(1) Ample Opportunity

“Why don’t you just piss yourself then?” Kyle said nonchalantly.

“Excuse me?” Megan stopped her in her tracks, not being entirely sure if she’d heard him right.

“Well …” He contemplated his words. “You’ve been looking for a spot for ages. We could’ve made it back to my place by now … like I suggested.” He shrugged his shoulders. “You might as well just pee your pants, you look like you’re about to.”

“I’m not going to pee my pants.” She snapped back in a flustered manner, trying to regain some composure.

Megan’s heart pounded inside her chest as her feet tapped aggressively on floor below. Begrudgingly, his point was valid, and she had promised she would find somewhere in the park. Realistically, as locations go for desperate encounters, she couldn’t have picked a better place. There were a plethora of secluded spaces within the confines of the park, even more so at night. Darkness filled the immediate surroundings, and pathways were only lit by single orange filament bulbs. Urinating spots were almost infinite, behind bushes, trees, bins, even benches; and the chances and being seen or caught were virtually null.

The overarching problem was that she didn’t do nature pees, she had always been too pee shy to get her stream going; in fact, she didn’t do one-night stands or agree to leave clubs with boys either, but here she was - there was a first time for everything. What made the situation worse and more embarrassing, was how she hadn’t been forced into this predicament, maybe a little by her own desperation, but not literally, like being held captive. It was a choice she was making, a choice fuelled highly by her own intoxication. How many cocktails had she drank this evening, was it seven, eight, nine? Truthfully, she couldn’t remember. Nibbling on her bottom lip, she took her gaze away from Kyle and down to the hem of her tight, skinny-blue jeans.

Panicking a little, she crossed her legs and squeezed her thighs together, before letting out an audible groan and jamming both her hands between her legs. She could feel her fingers digging hard into her crotch. Kyle had been right in his observations, she was absolutely bursting, and definitely ready to go. Her actions certainly didn’t correlate with her previous answer. But how was she supposed to tell him? She really didn’t want to drop her jeans and squat, she already knew what the outcome would be. Increasing the pace to her tip-toeing, there was a frenetic pace to her thoughts as she tried to conjure a solution, further exacerbated by the post-club high pitched ringing in her ears. Every contemplation just bounced around her head and rattled her eardrums, it was impossible to think straight.

The evening had started out so well, and the idea that five hours later she would be desperately holding on in the University memorial park seemed farfetched, even impossible. This wasn’t like her at all, it was completely out of character. She remembered how her friends had nudged her in his direction on the dance floor, effectively pushing her into him, so their bodies could intertwine together. She was the one who spoke first, introducing herself, not that his name mattered, he was more interested in making-out. Not that she refused either, she wanted too as well. That all seemed irrelevant now. What she did know, is that all that liquid, after hours of drinking and dancing, being illuminated under the lights, now sloshed around forcefully in her bladder.

“You okay?” He asked, breaking the silence.

“Erm—” She was far from okay. She couldn’t move her legs anymore.

This was the sole reason she wasn’t overly outgoing and confident, she liked understanding situations, not being thrown into he unknown. Where were her friends for a girls trip to the bathroom when she needed them. If she’d had it her own way, she would have gone before leaving the club, but the fact was she hadn’t, and she had been completely on the edge ever since - if not, tipping over.

“—just go behind that bush.” He insisted, his eyes flicking towards a bush, opaque in nature.

But she didn’t, she disobeyed his commands. Spurred on by her instincts, and some horniness, not wanting to deter the mood, she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him in. Before she even had time to react, their lips were fighting, and she felt his cold hands slide under her top, gently grabbing on her skin and over the material of her bra. Breaking her lips away for a short second, she let out a moan of pleasure. She had worked too hard during her exam period not to enjoy a little fun, that was her thought process anyway. She had wanted him all night, seen him from across the dance floor, why should she stop now because of a little discomfort.

With the alcohol doing all the thinking in her brain and their lips locked together again, she could feel her legs starting to shake, like a nervous girl who had been caught short in a long queue for the bathroom. It didn’t help that she was unable to push her thighs together as Kyle’s hands squeezed tightly on her perky bum. Her mind had seemingly disregarded the need to the use the bathroom, a respite of some sort, but the deftest of leaks brought her spiralling back down to earth.

The wee had escaped her quivering pussy, dribbling in short bursts, immediately being saturated by her laced thong. But with no way of stemming the oncoming flow, the scolding warmth grew, and this time it wasn’t just dribbles. A hot spurt fired out, breaching her underwear, the wetness sticking to her skin. The very normal reaction in this situation would be to stop fondling and find somewhere to holt disaster; but the feeling of warmth seemed to engulf her mind, made her want him even more, made her wish he was naked on the grass, ready to fuck.

She knew there was no going back now, no chance to gracefully escape the moment and take Kyle’s advice, to relieve herself behind a bush. What could she do, she had inadvertently agreed to this; and now she was absolutely brimming, holding back a torrent for the last hour. It was happening whether she liked it or not. She let out a deep breath, a pained expression forming across her face, not that it could be seen. With her eyes closed, and her lips still working relentlessly against his, she tried to relax. Suddenly, everything fell still and her mind fell silent, Kyle had broken his lips away.

“Lets … Lets go to mine.” He whispered, stumbling over his words. “I really want to get you out of these jeans.”

“Yeah?” She replied softly and quickly, almost a whimper. Her eyes painted a picture, one that couldn’t be seen yet.

“Yeah!” He sighed. “I want you.”

His words seemed to reverberate around her head as she caught herself staring at the bulge tenting in his jeans. She felt the same way, she wanted him, she needed him. She had wanted this ever since their first kiss on the dance floor. Truthfully, her pussy had been wet for the past hour; slick, ready for his cock. Why hadn’t they fucked sooner?

There was only one problem. Her pussy was getting wet in another way. She was completely pissing her pants.

“Kyle … umm … I’m …” Unable to speak, her mouth was wide open in shock, as she felt warm piss explore the confines of her underwear, jeans and thighs. The scolding liquid was running everywhere. The pounding inside her chest had slowed, but it had been replaced by the hairs on her skin standing up erect in shame and embarrassment. It was as if she was in some sort of fever dream, a nightmare. Frozen in time, the singular word to describe her current emotional state would be unfamiliar, and more so than just the warm, ever-growing feeling between her legs. Everything about this evening had been totally unfamiliar.

With piss now sprinting down her legs, saturating the denim material, she couldn’t help but notice it was a lot warmer than she’d expected, scolding in fact. She could feel the hot urine instantly pooling around her arse and crotch, before breaching the saturated material and spilling on to her inner thighs. Even the back of her thighs were welcomed with warm wee. Completely intoxicated, it had surprised her how little effort was needed to get the stream going, a brief push and the dam had burst its banks.

“I’m …” There was now an audible hissing sound as rivulets were violently streaking down her jeans, spraying in all directions, like a firework on explosion. Moreover, there was a small dripping sound as piss hit the tarmac below. It had been less than ten seconds, but a puddle was already forming below - that’s how desperate she had been.

“OH Shit … I didn’t think you’d actually—” Kyle’s eyes were fixated.

“—I can’t stop it!” Her face flushed red as the pair locked eyes.

There was only one thing on her mind.

