A Reporter’s Secret: A Superman Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-09-14 09:17

Clark was still at Lois’s appartment but then he heard someone called help so he apologised to Lois and Clark did his shirt rip and became Superman and flew off Lois’s balcony to see what was going on. Lois still naked went back inside her apparent. Lois has an old bed on the balcony that she always forgets to sell. Lois locked the door and she put on her pink panties and waited for Superman to come back.

Superman got there it was a young girl who was being robbed by two criminals and Superman stopped them and waited for the police to come. He handed them over to the police, just then Superman could hear a sound of a little girl crying for help.

Clark got there and the problem was that the girl’s cat was stuck in a tree and Superman flew up to get her down and handed the cat to the girl. The girl thanked Superman and Superman said “I appreciate that and good night!” The girl replied good night too and Superman wave her goodbye and vanished.

Louis still waiting for her love to come back to her and she had to think of something to keep her busy.

*002*2018-09-22 14:11

“Aha, I got!” Lois said “how about I see how long I can hold my pee in and see if I can hold it in for an hour.” Lois walked over to her fridge and bent her ass over to grab a mega sized bottle of water out. In her mind she gladly thought that she did put shutters over the window were she was bending over because there could be someone peeking out through the window and take photos of her sexy ass and pussy (if she was bending the other side).

She walked back to her couch and sat there with the TV still on and drinking the water every time. Within a few seconds Lois finished it and fell asleep on the couch. She woke up later and desperately needed to pee she sat there minding her own business and trying her best to hold as much as she could hold in her bladder.

Lois tried to do it, she kept trying and did not let her urge slip what she was aiming to do. She hoped that she would have no wet damage on her couch and do it in the toilet if she could not hold it in for long enough. She grabbed her croch tightly and hoped for the best.

One hour later:

Lois was so happy she held it in and no leaks came out, the couch was dry. She could bare to hold it until Superman came back, so she had to make a quick dash for the toilet. She made her way there and immediately closed the door and pulled off her pants. Lois has this new weird way of going to the bathroom she has a tinkle in her panties and take it off and pee in the loo.

Lois waited for her to pee, but then she felt so sleepy that she fell asleep on the toilet and she woke up a minute later and was shocked to find she actually peed in the loo asleep. Just the someone came, she walked to the sink and washed her hands and went to see who it was. She thought it was Superman and immediately said ”Superman it’s good to see you again!” But it wasn’t Superman but it was Supergirl with her classic skirt but she had a stain on it and Lois wondered if that was pee or water...

To Be Continued

*004*2018-10-20 20:33

“Oh hi Lois, can I use your bathroom as you can see I kind of had an accident in my pants.” Lois stopped she did wonder what was going on. Just then it was too late Kara peed her panties fully. She apologised for her wet damage to her carpet and she felt sad. Lois quickly made up that she herself urinates there everyday. Supergirl felt much better and Lois said to her “What are you doing here?” She told her that she got so drunk and desperately needed to pee and Lois’s apartment was the closest to any toilet for her to use.

“Finally I was get so bored trying to hold in my pee and wet myself because your cousin is taking so long to save someone, I’m just glad your here.” Lois was going to wash Kara’s suit and panties while the two of them enjoy themselves. Kara took her clothes off and the naked Kara handed the wet clothes to her friend. Lois put it in the washing machine and told her everything about herself. She told her everything, she told her that she’s starting a relationship with Clark, the many times she had a tinkle in her panties and Lana Lang, who was Clark’s school friend that works at the Daily Planet and everyday she would were adult sized diapers because she would always pee herself.

She grabbed a big can of Coke out of the fridge and said to Supergirl “Do you what to play who can hold in their pee the longest?” Lois asked and she was replied with “Yes I think it would be fun to do that.” The two girls drank the Coke and stop only until it’s empty. They end up finishing it and move somewhere better Lois fetched a towel because where they were she would not like peeing on that floor. She placed the towel down and they got on it. The two naked girls squirmed and the games began.

Lois couldn’t help it she was force to do her pee pee dance and Kara looked more desperate than herself. Now Miss Lane’s bladder was hurting so much and it felt like someone put explosives in her body it was hurting that much. Kara’s wasn’t far off from her’s, she kept jumping on the spot and she knew that Lois’s was hurting and her’s too was. Kara explained it to be like a fiery ball of pee.

@@Just then Lois started losing control as one of her squirts of pee came running down her pussy and just look like rain fell but she hoped that she didn’t release the rain she desperately kept back in her body. Kara was shocked to see Lois with her drop of pee coming out, she really thought that she would’ve done it than her. Just then the famous reporter Lois Lane couldn’t keep her second squirt of pee in flowed onto the towel. She told Kara that she’s giving up because she possibly hold all her flood in. She was right in about of seconds it flowed out of her pussy and made the towel extremely wet and she was done. Kara now just let her squirt of pee come through and then in a second later she let her other one pass by. She gripped her crouch tightly and desperately tried to hold it in more because she wanted to wet the whole towel so she did. The time was 7:30 and Kara, the Girl Of Steel started to rapidly peeing on the towel and covered the whole towel in her pee. Lois added that to the washing.

Lois and Kara walked to the main room and watched TV and they fell asleep. They woke up at 7:50 and she told her about that old bed she has on her balcony and Kara thought that they should sleep in it and Lois agreed. Lois opened the balcony door and locked it when they were outside and walked over to the bed. The bed smelt of pee as Lois only uses it for that one purpose and she forgot that she uses the bed for every bathroom manner meaning she has also pooed in it but she washed it out. They jump in and Lois says to Kara that she should feel free to have an accident in the bed.

Just then at 9:00 o’clock Superman arrived and said Miss Lane, Lois woke up found the two of them had peed the bed and shit the bed and some of the poo was still stuck on there bums. Lois grabbed her pillow to wipe her ass and woke up Kara and she did the same too. They got out of bed and saw Superman and he said “There you are Lois, what were you doing outside?” Lois said “Well myself and Kara was doing our business on the old bed.” Superman replied with “Oh ok, I hope you two have been doing heavy duty all night from 6:45 - 9:00.” Lois smiled as she laughed as what Clark was referring to was what Lois would call going to the toilet. Kara was invited to say for the night and she happily accepted the offer.

Lois opened the locked door went straight to bed but before that she had to show were Kara has to sleep for tonight. Lois’s apartment has three bedrooms, the master is for her and Clark, the second room is for guests like Kara and the third room was the old bed she and Kara soiled together. Lois goes to her bed with Clark and Kara to her bedroom. Then at 9:30 everyone is asleep.

To Be Continued...

*007*2018-10-27 21:44

Lois woke up in desperation for the toilet she knew that Clark was in the bed with her and didn’t what to wet it. She checked her Apple Watch before her way for the toilet, it said 5:20 AM sho she woke up by the most unpleasant thing wanting to release itself. Lois got up and walked to bathroom, she went down the corridor that leads to the place that she so desperatly needs to go. She made it and she reached out her hand to open the door but it was locked “Oh no really? I did I have to do that yesterday, no I can’t use the toilet!”

Lois could feel the pee rushing down into her pusssy, she knew she didn’t have a lot of time to go. “Wait, what about the second bathroom? I will go there and it’s my second last option!” Lois started working to her second bathroom and when she got there she felt like her womanhood was going to explode with all of her pee coming out. She reached her hand out and it was not locked, “Yes, yes, yes!!!” While doing her victory ‘yes’s’ she accidentally could hold one drop of pee in and dripped on the tiles. She walked inside and shut the door, she was already naked meaning she can just plonk her sexy ass on the toilet and finally relive herself.

Lois sat down and within seconds her big stream of pee raced out of her womanhood and became violent and powerful peeing that felt like she has been holding since last night. It was so satisfying and warm her pee had finally stopped and died down leaving the naked reporter on the loo. She got up, flushed the toilet, wash her hands and went back to to bed to sleepy until 7:00 o’clock.

She got up and her alarm clock on her phone went on and put it off Clark got up and went to the toilet and Lois went to choose her panties and clothes. Alright she chose she will were orange panties, grey skirt, white shirt, grey jacket and black high heels. Clark came back and got dressed after Clark got dressed they went to take their things of the bedside table. That were Lois’s iPhone and her Apple Watch and Clark took his iPhone and Apple Watch. They went downstairs for breakfast and they had bacon and eggs with freshly squeezed orange juice. Lois had a large amount of juice than Clark and she wasn’t thinking about later. She and Clark finished and Lois went to get her Calvin Klein handbag and walked outside. When they were outside Lois slammed the door that when it made the most loudest bang it scared the shut out of Kara who was still sleeping and almost made her wet the bed.

@@Lois and Clark got onto Lois’s car to go to work. The Daily Planet is an old building it was made in 1938 and was renovated many times but it hasn’t been renovated since 1987 and still uses the method of print making newspapers. They arrived the building was straight in front of them, Lois could feel the urge to pee as it was all that orange juice that wanted to come out. She had to go but she hopped she could make it she went in with Clark and Bob, who was one of the people who work there said that Perry White wanted to see Lois Lane. Lois in her mind said “ Oh fuck, why now I just hope I can hold it in longer. “Mr White it’s me Lois Lane you wanted to see me!” “Ah, Miss Lane you came I have your next assignment you will be having Lana Lang’s assignment because she is in Paris doing her own assignment there, so I will be giving Lois Lane probably the best female reporter I ever had have her assignment.” He gave Lois the assignment and briefly read it because of her desperation.she said “Thank you” to Perry and he said to her “See you later Miss Lane.”

@@Lois walked back to her desk trying to fully read the report, she paused on when it says ‘A man stole a meteorite and wondered if it had any connections with Lex Luthor. Just then it hit her she couldn’t do it her flood gates opened and letting out her pee, she raced to the ladies with pee dripping down her legs onto the floor or in her shoes as she got to the ladies her orange panties were soaked and couldn’t wear it the whole day. She got so frustrated that she kicked the draws under the sink and hurt her. She screamed out in pain as it flung open reviling packets of adult sized diapers it was in her size which was interesting. She grabbed one and looked at the back and discovered that someone had messily written their name on it, at first it looked like it said Lacy but it wasn’t it actually said Lana. “Wait, wait, wait these are Lana Lang’s, oh yeah she had a real problem with pee she would always pee herself and would wear these to train her to hold it even more like me! What if I wear one and omg it’s even orange, yes I will wear them it is better than going with no panties on and plastic chairs make your pussy fell weird.”

@@She opened the orange diaper box and slipped one on and she hasn’t ever wore a diaper since being a baby and forgot how it works, it even fitted like her orange panties. She walked out of the bathroom she got back to her seat and was figuring all the key words in the article to to turn into it being in the The Daily Planet’s Newspapers. She got thirsty and was eager to see what happens when you pee your diaper as she ordered a large flat white and drank it she got all the key words done and hand it to Perry, on the way her urge started as she handed it to Perry his head fixated on the article Lois tried to push her pee out of her bladder and pee herself she slid her hand in Lana’s diaper and masterbated herself as she made her have a full bladder. She then pushed and pushed it and then it happened, she lifted up her skirt and saw only just the front of it turn yellow as the pee is still stored inside her diaper and lifted her skirt down on her. Perry said to Lois “Great work I will get the boys to put this in the newspaper, thank you Lois.” Lois said “No problems Cheif.” And left. It was lunch time 1:10 and she went back to the bathroom to change herself her lunch and she inspected her leak and it was so good that it’s all stored in the diaper rather than it hitting the floor or carpet. She put on another one and went out for lunch before that she told Clark about where she was going and he said have fun. She went to McDonald’s and had the Big Mac and walked back to work and these two mysterious thugs took her, she cried for help until they knocked her out and kidnapped and drove their car to their boss. Clark busy typing his story about Superman heard her Lois cries with his super hearing and then walked to the lifts to go to the bottom floor and raced into an alleyway to change into Superman and see what the hell was going on with her screaming.

Lois was up she was knocked out before to be strapped on a chair to see Lex Luthor right in front of her and questioned her where is Superman. Lois screamed again Superman was flying around the city to see where Lois is an then he flew down and looked everywhere but he was in Main Street Metropolis and had all these build boards everywhere just then his ears hurt and then it stopped and on the build boards the ads changed to a video of Lex speaking he said “Hello Superman I have you one true love right here and if you won’t come to my lair by 3:00 o’clock then Miss Lane will die! She’s counting on you Superman!”

To Be Continued...

*009*2018-11-02 20:44

Lex’s video faded away and The Man Of Steel made his way to Lex’s lair. meanwhile in the lair Lex is waiting and Lois is starting to die for a piss after her large Coke from McDonald’s but she had to try her best to hold it until her love comes to rescue her. Lex tells Lois is new plan if Superman gets to the lair that Luthor’s goons will place three bombs in The Daily Planet. Lois looks at him in awestruck and then said “Are you crazy millions of people would be killed!” Lex said “No Miss Lane not millions but billions of people would be killed!”

Superman made it he was at the lair and smashed the door as it startled Luthor. “Ahhh, Superman!” “Alright Lex untie Lois And bring her to me!” Luthor got up from his chair and untied Lois and she stood up. Lois walked over to Superman and were about to leave but then Lex stopped them and told Superman about the master plan that he told Lois a few minutes ago. Superman shocked by this that he walked out and started flying back to The Daily Planet, got there and left Lois in one of the alleyways to prevent her getting hurt by the explosion. However this was good for Lois she could freely pee her diaper with no one watching her within seconds it poured out her diaper now becoming wet and warm that Lois loved.

Superman was at his work and saw one of Lex’s goons there and flew up to have a chat of what they have done but somehow he was dead and had been shot in the head by someone. Superman went inside and got everyone out just in time and he got everyone outside and alive. Then it happed the building exploded everyone looked as everything was destroyed but were so lucky to be alive. Superman went and used his super speed to rebuild the building but all the mechanisms to make the newspaper were destroyed. Perry now was happy because now he could put computers in the building to make digital newspapers and print it out instead.

Before Superman left he gave Perry the money to buy the computers and went back to that alleyway were Lois was. He got there Lois tried her best not to give away her new fetish to Clark, “I’ll let you do your thing.” Lois said as Clark smiled at her and flew off she immediately ripped off her wet panties and looked hard in her Calvin Klein handbag to find for Lana’s diapers and she found them. She put one on and made her way to her appartment, where she went to bed and before going Kara was gone, she wondered where Supergirl went to and she just went to her room to bed. She slept with nothing but her diaper on in case of any wet leaks that she may do later in her bed.

@@But she couldn’t sleep she wondered how her friend Barbara Gordon is going she picked up her iPhone and looked at her contacts to find her name and to call her. She found it and she called her, it was ringing and she hoped that it was a good time to call her now. Barbara started talking “Oh, Lois it’s so good to see you how are you?” “I am good Barbara and how are you?” “Lois I’m great so how are things with Clark and how is you know what?” “Barbara, myself and Clark are going to get married soon and yes he does like my other side.” “Ohhhh, haaaaa, Lois you always have been funny so do you like peeing yourself now I believe?” “Yes it’s true I’ve been wearing a friend of mine who wears diapers, so yeah. I’ve been peeing in diapers now it one of my new fetishes!” “Haaaaaaa, Lois that’s great I am so happy you found another fetish but just a side track I’ve never worn a diaper since five years old so I don’t remember how it works!” “Yeah me too I had the same problem too but then I got the idea instantly without doing it more than once as a practice run. “Ok I was wondering if you would like to Gotham tomorrow to see me? If not we can change the time?” “Barbara, yes I would love to see you again so tomorrow?” Yes Tomorrow Lois, be there at either 12:00 or 1:00 ok she you tomorrow, bye!” “Bye, bye!”

Lois put the phone down and immediately had a shit in her diaper and luckily she did decide to put it on. Went to sleep as her ass kept laying more turds into her diaper. She woke up later and stopped pooing and no shit was on the bed. She got up and threw her messy diaper in the toilet and thinking about tomorrow with Barbra.

To Be Continued...

@@putt high

*011*2018-11-23 11:43

Lois dispossed her messy diaper in her bathroom bin, she walked back to her bed to get dressed she put on the same clothes and a new diaper on. She got her handbag and went for a walk to the chemist. Lois got there and went inside to get her own diapers. She went straight to the diapers section and tried to find the right size and same brand as Lana’s. she found it large size and the brand the same. She went up to the cash register and too pay for it, when arriving she had to wait long as there was four other girls in front of her. Finally she was at the front the cash register girl almost looked like she needed to wee, Lois gave her the diapers. She scanned them and said “$19.99”. Lois gave her, her card as the girl scanned it and handed back to her. She put it in a bag and handed it to Lois as she left the store.

She placed the bag in her handbag just then she got robbed in an alleyway, the man said to give him her handbag as Lois resisted. The man pulled out a gun and hold it out to her body, Lois had no help from Clark as he would be still at work rebuilding it as she was here and death is what she was scared of now. She gripped her bag tightly and tried to do anything but she was to afraid to. She got so scared that she peed herself. Now the man was laughing he then said “Haaaa, look this girl is still a baby she just pissed herself!” Lois got so angry that she punched out cold and immediately opened her new pack of diapers that she just bought. She stripped down Until she just had on her jacket and shirt on.

Then she opened her handbag to get her diapers out and put one on. She ultimately did this and put her skirt back on and walked back to work to get her car to go to Barbara’s. So she did she walked back to work and saw that Clark fixed the building and everything looked the same and she hoped he changed the broken female toilets which caused most girls to have regular accidents at work.

She got in her car as she was stopped by Superman, “Hi Miss Lane, do you like diapers?” Clark finally used his X-ray vision to discover Lois’s secret. Her checks blushed red as red as cherries, Clark smiled as Lois knew it was game over. Just then Clark could her a someone needing help in Gotham City as he went there to see if he could give Batman a hand. Clark left as Lois could drive to Gotham and obviously Superman would eat her there.

Lois had some water still in the car that was not warm or old so she drank all five and forgot about her urge later. On the way she could feel it happening, the pumping of her bladder as so did her urge. She was now on the Gotham Freeway and discovered her full urge to pee so she knew she might be later than she expected. She looked at her watch it was 8:00 PM and she knew she might be there around 12 but like 12:30 as for her pee brake. She drove down a side street and hoped to God that she will not have an accident in her new diaper she put on.

To Be Continued...

*012*2018-11-25 11:33

“Ok.” Lois said “You have been driving here and back for years so you know everywhere and if I’m right there are some rundown toilets here. It maybe dirty and rundown but I need to go!” Lois could feel every second her pee trying to let go, she resisted and held her hand over her oversized bladder.

Lois squirmed trying to hold on for a few minutes, she arrived parked the car and walked over to finally pee in a toilet even know that it may smell like shit, at lease in the toilet than her diaper that she wanted to show off to Barbara. She got there and read the sign on the female toilets, it said girls closes at 7:59 pm. “Oh fuck, oh fuck, I’ve FUCKING missed it, now if I don’t find a alternative bathroom I probably will have an accident in my new diaper!” She checked the men’s bathroom but someone was in it and she did not think she could hold it in for this stranger in the loo.

She had to walk back to her car and she drove straight as she thought she remembered that there was toilets in the road near where the freeway mall is. She drove down there but then she could tell that she couldn’t make it as she started leaking in her diaper. Her first squirt of pee came out.

She made it and did the same procedure to her way to the loo. When arriving she saw that the toilets was on a park and without thinking she made her way to the toilets. She pushed on the females loo but it wouldn’t open there was nobody inside as there was no lights inside. “The door must be stuck!” She said. She tried the men’s but the handle was broken. Now she had to improvise it was either her diaper or... That’s when she had the idea she stripped her skirt off and half wet diaper as she increased her wetness after taking it off she moved to the back of the public restrooms and started peeing on the grass of the park.

Her idea worked there was absolutely no one here, so she was peeing in public but no one was here to witness it. It was also very dark to with very dim lights on.

Lois headed back to her car to get out of here as she checked her Apple Watch once again and it said 9:00 PM. She drove back to get back the freeway to go to her destination, Gotham City. What felt like forever died down and never bothered her past this stop.

To Be Continued

*013*2018-12-01 12:47

Lois kept driving her bladder wasn’t wanting to pee again and her ass wasn’t wanting to have a shit. Lois hates needing to poo in a car because she thought it was weird needing to poo and sitting on leather seats. No it was not for her but it will be when she’s wearing a diaper. Lois got the roundabout and turned off to the Gotham City Turn-off, Lois was about almost there. Lois stopped the car to see the most strangest thing she has ever seen, Lois couldn’t see it the good but could could make it out. It was a young girl probably 18-29 and peeing her jeans while standing next to a tree.

Lois continued to go to Gotham and in about a minute she was there. She saw the busy streets the tall gothic skyscrapers and went to find Barbara’s house. She checked the time and it was 10:58 and she couldn’t remember the street’s name or address and she just started driving again. She rembered it was near Wayne Tower and it was just down the road so she made her way to Barbara’s house.

She got there she saw the tower and she remembered that it was on the right hand side. So she turned right and she found some houses but didn’t know her house number, she checked her phone’s contacts to see if she placed her address in her contact of her. “Aha! I’ve got it it number 21 and I’m at 31 so I have to keep finding.”

She drove up to see if she can spot number 21. “Ok 30, 29, 28, 27, 26, 25, 24, 23, 22, it must be the next one, 21.” “I’ve made it!” Lois stopped the car, grabbed her handbag and walked to the door, She raised one hand and knocked on the door. She could hear Barbara walking up to the door and she opened it and was so happy to see Lois. “Lois come in!” She came in and it was good to be seeing her best friend besides Supergirl.

Lois saw Barbara doing a pee dance it was sexy and cute. Her panties were going to get soaked soon and Lois hoped that she would pee herself as her best friend was getting turned on my her friend’s urge. She thought that they will have the greatest time together.

The End

Batgirl and Lois will return in Batgirl’s Accident and in the next Lois Lane Omorashi story!

