Emily's way into omorashi

Author: beachpeelover

*000*2023-10-25 13:48

This should become a multi-chapter story about Emily, a 23-year-old woman, who finds out about her love of peeing and omorashi during a family trip. Developing from innocent accidents to trying out many new things.

- CHAPTER 1 -

Emily, a 23-year-old woman, found herself in a situation where some might argue she was too old to go on holiday trips with her family. However, Emily held a different perspective. She cherished the bond with her sister and mother, who insisted she accompany them. Moreover, her mother generously covered all expenses, making it an opportunity too good to pass up. This year, they were planning a trip to a beach house, a prospect that excited Emily. She relished the idea of lounging on the sand and frolicking in the waves, making the trip all the more appealing.

Their journey began in the early hours of the morning. With an eight-hour drive ahead of them, they were keen on making the most of their first day. Emily's alarm sounded at 4 AM, prompting her to take a brisk shower. She opted for comfort in her attire, choosing sweatpants and a loose top; no need to impress anyone, just a desire to be at ease. After a quick breakfast, they hit the road, embarking on their adventure.

After a three-hour drive, Ivy, Emily's sister, turned to their mom and said, "When will we make our first stop? I really need to use the restroom." Her mom replied, "No problem, I'll stop at the next rest area." Emily was relieved to hear this; her need to use the restroom had become urgent. However, upon arriving at the rest area, Emily didn't find what she hoped for. There were only a few benches, three trees, and one portable toilet. "Ugh, I'm not using that," Ivy exclaimed. "Should we wait for the next rest area?" their mom asked. "No, it's fine, I'll just go behind that tree over there," Ivy said casually. Ivy had always been more comfortable with nudity and didn't hesitate to relieve herself whenever necessary, a trait Emily admired. Despite her discomfort with the situation, Emily decided to follow her sister's lead.

Arriving at one of the trees, Ivy swiftly pulled down her pants and squatted down. Emily could hear the sound of a strong stream hitting the grass and couldn't help but marvel at how urgent Ivy's need had been. The stream continued for at least 20 seconds, during which Emily fidgeted with her own pants, feeling unsure about where to look and how to squat without feeling awkward, especially with her sister nearby. Emily had always wondered how Ivy could be so open about such things. When Ivy finished, she offered to stand guard for Emily. Although Emily hoped Ivy would leave, she didn't want to come across as uptight or awkward. She nodded and pulled her pants down, moving a bit further away to find her own spot.

As Emily squatted down, she tried to relax, but her pee shyness kicked in. Her muscles clenched involuntarily, and despite her efforts, she couldn't let go. After a minute of struggling, she gave up and pulled her pants back up. She decided she could hold it until the next stop; surely, she couldn't admit to her three-year-younger sister that she couldn't pee next to her.

"Oh, you're already done? I didn't even hear anything," Ivy remarked. "Well, not everyone can release a waterfall like you," Emily replied with a chuckle. They both laughed and made their way back to the car, sharing a lighthearted moment despite the awkwardness.

An hour later, Emily found herself squirming in her seat. Fortunately, she had the backseat to herself, shielding her discomfort from her mother and sister. Nevertheless, she knew she would have to relieve herself soon. Desperately, she kept changing her position and discreetly held herself through her pockets. Suddenly, her mother's voice cut through the tension, "Are you okay back there?"

"Yeah, I'm fine... well, if I'm honest, I really need to pee again," Emily admitted.

"Sure, no problem. Is a small rest area okay, or should I look for one with real toilets?" her mother asked.

"Haha, real toilets would be great," Emily replied, trying to mask her urgency. Another 15 minutes passed before they reached a larger rest stop. Emily's need became almost unbearable; she was constantly holding herself and shifting in her seat. Just before her mother finally turned off the highway, Emily even contemplated releasing a little bit in her pants to relieve some pressure.

Arriving at the rest stop, Emily hastily jumped out of the car and jogged toward the building. To her horror, she found a line of women waiting for the only available toilet. "This can't be real; I'm so close and yet so far," she thought, her desperation growing. Unconsciously, she kept her hand in her crotch, trying to hold on until she could find relief. It was then that a woman in her thirties approached her. "Hey, sorry if this is awkward, but if you go around the building, there's a really secluded area. I can show you if you want. I mean, desperate times call for desperate measures, right?" the woman said sympathetically. Emily quickly pulled her hands away from her crotch area and forced a grateful smile. "Oh... uhm... that would be great, thanks."

They swiftly made their way behind the building, and the woman was right—the spot was secluded enough that Emily quickly came to the decision that this was her best bet for much-needed relief. She pulled her pants down, squatted, and ... once again, she just couldn't pee. "Oh, come on, this can't be real," she thought, frustration mounting. "Just relax, Emily, nobody will see you here. It's no different than sitting on the toilet," she told herself, attempting to ease her tension. After two minutes of squatting, she finally felt a small dribble escape her body, which gradually became stronger.

Suddenly, Emily heard footsteps approaching. A young man was coming around the corner. Panicking, Emily quickly pulled her panties up. But now, strangely, it seemed her bladder was entirely comfortable with emptying. Emily was still in a half squat, pressing her hands tightly against her crotch, but it was futile. A long spurt of pee escaped into her panties, making her hands wet. The man mumbled a quick "sorry" and turned around. She hurriedly removed her hands, which only resulted in another spurt. And then another one. Emily couldn't resist her urge any longer; the sensation of release felt too good. She forgot about the precarious situation she was in and just let go, peeing through her panties onto the ground with full force, overwhelmed by the relief washing over her.

After a minute of peeing, Emily's senses slowly returned to the present moment. Reality hit her: she had just wet her panties, and the possibility of being watched by the stranger loomed in her mind. With her panties ruined, pulling her sweatpants up was not an option; they would bear the unmistakable stain of her accident. So, her only viable choice was to remove her wet panties and continue the journey wearing just her pants. With a mix of embarrassment and determination, she took off her wet panties, concealed the evidence, and went back to the car. Her mother and sister appeared oblivious to her ordeal, providing some relief.

###

So this was chapter one. Hope you enjoyed it. I already have some things in mind for the upcomming chapters, but feel free to leave suggestions how emily could become an omorashi lover.

*003*2023-10-27 08:59

Thanks for the feedback, that really motivates me to write more chapters.

- CHAPTER 2 -

During the rest of the drive, Emily couldn't shake off the memory of what had happened earlier. Peeing her panties had been one of the most embarrassing moments of her life, yet the relief she felt was almost euphoric, bordering on orgasmic. The vulnerability of the situation, especially the thought of the stranger witnessing her in such a state, made her heart race in a way she couldn't quite comprehend. These intense emotions, combined with the early wake-up and the day's events, left her feeling utterly drained. With her mind in turmoil, she closed her eyes and drifted off, succumbing to a much-needed rest.

When Emily woke up, it took her a moment to register her surroundings. Glancing at her phone, it was 2 PM; they should have arrived by now. However, they weren't moving. "Mum, how much longer will it take?" she inquired.

"There's been an accident. We've been stuck in this traffic jam for an hour already, and it might take another hour," her mother replied, frustration evident in her voice.

Ivy, seemingly unfazed by the bad news, was moving oddly in her seat. As Emily observed her sister more closely, Ivy's movements appeared erratic—her hips swayed, her legs shook, and she rocked back and forth. "Ivy, are you okay?" Emily asked with concern.

"No, I'm not fucking okay. I'm gonna piss my pants if this goddamn traffic doesn't start moving any second," Ivy snapped, her patience worn thin.

Hearing Ivy's distress, Emily was instantly wide awake. She empathetically said, "Oh, I'm so sorry, I know how you feel. I'm sure you can hold it."

Ivy replied, her frustration palpable, "Well, it's not like I have any options."

Their mother chimed in, trying to offer a solution, "If it's too bad, just tell me. You can go on the side of the road. I know it's not perfect, but I don't think you'll be the first one who does it. Or, well, I don't know how to ask this without being weird, but maybe you can aim well enough to go in a bottle?"

Ivy gave her mother a strange look before bursting into laughter. "I don't think my aiming is that good," she said, managing to find humor in the absurdity of the situation.

Another 15 minutes crept by, Ivy's desperation growing more evident with each passing second. Emily found herself unable to look away, her eyes glued to her sister. She wanted to witness how Ivy handled the situation, curious to see the similarities and differences in their responses. Ivy remained perched on her heels, the constant rocking back and forth revealing her distress. Her cheeks were flushed, and she breathed heavily. Emily felt a pang of sympathy for her sister; she wished she could do something to help, but the circumstances left her powerless.

Yet, amidst her concern, there was an inexplicable fascination. Emily couldn't deny a certain intrigue, a morbid curiosity about how Ivy might handle the situation. Was she secretly hoping to see Ivy lose control? Not exactly, but there was a tiny, undeniable urge to witness what it would look like, almost as if she wanted to understand the perspective of the man who had stumbled upon her vulnerability earlier. The conflicting emotions churned within her, leaving her in a state of uncomfortable curiosity.

"Fine, I can't do it anymore" Ivy's voice shattered the tense silence, her desperation evident. She fumbled with her seatbelt, hastily opening the car door. Climbing out, she revealed a small wet spot in her crotch. Emily watched, her curiosity piqued, as Ivy stood bent over on the roadside, struggling to pull down her pants. In her mind's eye, she imagined the dark spot growing slightly before Ivy managed to get her pants out of the way, quickly squatting down.

A slow stream of pee escaped through Ivy's panties before she could pull them aside. Emily observed, captivated, as a powerful stream gushed from her sister's private parts directly onto the ground. It felt like minutes passed before Ivy's stream finally weakened, turning into a light dribble before coming to a stop. To Emily's surprise, Ivy simply put her wet panties back on and pulled her pants up as if nothing had happened.

But Emily was even more surprised by the unexpected sensations she experienced – a pleasant, tingling feeling in her own crotch and an inexplicable urge to touch herself. Familiar sensations, but in an entirely different context, leaving her feeling conflicted and bewildered.

*008*2023-11-01 11:05

Chapter 3 is a little different. It is less focused on desperation and more on how Emily learns that peeing really isn't anything to be ashamed about. I also thought about changing Ivy into a friend of Emily instead of her sister to be more open about what kind of interactions they have in the future, but didn't do it for now. Let me know what you think about this.

- CHAPTER 3 -

Three days had slipped away, marking the midpoint of their holiday. Emily occasionally pondered the car ride incident, but for the most part, she was immersed in the enjoyment of her vacation. Today held a special significance for her. It was the day she had been anticipating the most. The plan was to rent a small boat and cruise along the shore to reach a secluded beach that, according to all the photos, resembled paradise. Excitement filled her as she slipped into her favorite bikini, packing a towel and some water in anticipation of what promised to be a long and scorching day in the sun.

Upon arriving at the beach, the scenery exceeded the beauty promised by the photos. Emily couldn't help but marvel; this was undoubtedly the most stunning place she had ever been to. To her surprise, they found themselves entirely alone, the only souls on this pristine shore. They anchored the boat to a structure designed for tourists who arrived by boat and waded the last few meters to the beach. Emily and Ivy spread their towels on the warm sand while their mother ventured a bit further away, seeking a quiet spot for her reading. This seclusion allowed the two sisters to converse freely, the sound of gentle waves in the background creating a serene atmosphere for their conversation.

As time passed, Emily found her thoughts drifting to a concern she hadn't considered earlier: what would she do when she needed to pee? Reflecting on it, she realized her bladder was starting to feel a bit full—not urgent, but noticeable. Yet, she decided it was a problem for her future self to handle. After all, her mother and Ivy would also need to go eventually, so she could simply follow their lead. Right now, she was eager to go swimming and didn't want her current predicament to overshadow the enjoyment of the day. With the waves splashing against her legs, Emily ventured deeper into the water, gleefully jumping headfirst into a large wave. The joy of swimming and playing in the sea consumed her. When she finally felt utterly exhausted, she made her way back to the beach, content with the refreshing dip in the ocean.

Lying flat on her stomach on her towel, Emily soon realized the true urgency of her bladder. She couldn't relax in this position, so she quickly flipped over onto her back, pondering her options. It was clear that she couldn't hold it for the rest of the day. She considered sneaking away to pee in the sand, but her mother and sister would likely notice, and her pee-shyness might prevent her from actually going. Emily hesitated, but her need only grew stronger. She shifted her position repeatedly, grappling with her decision, until she finally mustered the courage to turn to her sister and ask, "Ivy, what would you do if you needed to pee here?"

Ivy thought for a moment before responding, "It depends. I'd probably try to hold it until I'm in the water. Or if I just came out of the water, I'd find a place on the beach. Actually, now that you mention it, I kinda need to go. Do you want to come with me to the water?"

Emily was taken aback by Ivy's casual response. While she knew that children often peed in the sea, the idea of grown women doing so was unfamiliar to her. She couldn't help but feel a blush creeping up her cheeks. "Uhm, I never actually peed in the sea. Is this, like, something normal to you?" she asked, trying to conceal her embarrassment.

Ivy looked at her sister, a hint of surprise in her eyes. "Oh, really? I thought everybody did this. Well, there was a time when I thought I was too old for it, but as I got older, I realized it's just easier than getting out of the water, and no one will notice anyway. I mean, it can't possibly be worse than peeing on the beach, right?" Ivy explained casually. After a short pause, she added, "However, I won't judge you if you'd rather squat, of course."

Emily mulled over Ivy's words, engaged in an internal struggle about how to respond. She weighed her options, considering the practicality of Ivy's approach and the lingering discomfort of the unfamiliar act. Finally, after a moment of hesitation, she mustered the courage to reply.

"Actually, I don't really like either idea," Emily admitted, her voice carrying a hint of discomfort. "I don't know if I could bring myself to pee in the sea. On the other hand, I am... you know... I don't know how to say this... I'm a little... Ugh, I don't know if you can relate at all. It's really hard for me to pee when I think someone might see me. It's not like I don't want to, but I just physically can't."

"Oh, you're pee shy, right?" Ivy replied, understanding dawning in her eyes. "I already figured. I mean, you looked really desperate at the rest stop, and yet I didn't hear you pee." Emily blushed, feeling a mix of embarrassment and relief at Ivy's understanding.

"It's nothing to worry about, you know," Ivy reassured her. "Maybe you just have to train a little. Honestly, that's one of the nice things about peeing in the water—nobody can see what you're doing." Ivy's words were comforting, and Emily found herself feeling a bit more at ease with the situation, appreciating her sister's understanding and support.

"You can decide what you want to do," Ivy continued, her tone understanding. "We can go in the water together, and you just try to pee, or you can go alone. Or I can turn around and distract Mom while you pee in the sand. Just tell me what you're most comfortable with."

Emily considered her options carefully. While peeing in the sea seemed like the easiest choice for the moment, she knew she wanted to overcome her pee shyness and be able to pee outside in the future without feeling anxious. "That's so nice of you," Emily said, grateful for Ivy's support. "I'd really appreciate it if you distract Mom."

"Sure, no problem at all," Ivy replied with a reassuring smile, ready to assist her sister in whatever way she needed.

Ivy quickly walked over to her mother while Emily walked the other way. She looked in her sister's direction and saw that Ivy was showing her mother something on her phone. After making sure they were not looking at her, she pulled off her bikini bottom and squatted down. She thought to herself, "Ok, no one can see you, and even if they could, it's just your mom and your sister, they've seen you naked your whole life. She tried to relax as much as she could and pressed lightly on her bladder.It felt like an eternity, she actively relaxed her bladder muscles and waited patiently. Finally she felt something, it wasn't much, but a small dribble escaped into the sand. For a moment it felt like a strong stream was coming, but then the feeling disappeared again. Emily was frustrated and then she saw Ivy turn around and walk towards her. Can't blame her, she must have thought after 10 minutes Emily must be done. Emily quickly pulled up her bikini bottom.

"So, how did it go?" Ivy asked, her smile filled with genuine concern. Emily hesitated for a moment, contemplating whether to be truthful with her sister or not. Part of her wanted to save face and keep her struggle private, but the honesty between them prevailed.

"Not so good," Emily admitted, her voice tinged with embarrassment. "I don't know what's wrong; I just can't pee if there's even a small chance of someone seeing me."

"It's okay, maybe you just need some more time," Ivy comforted her, her tone understanding and supportive. A small smile played on Emily's lips, appreciating her sister's understanding.

"But if you'll excuse me now, I need to make the sea a little warmer," Ivy said with a mischievous glint in her eyes. Ivy's playful tone broke the tension, and both sisters shared a laugh.

"Wait, I'll come with you"

Five minutes after they entered the water, Ivy casually inquired, "So, did you notice anything?" Emily was momentarily confused. "Wait, you already peed?" she asked in amazement. "Sure thing, I started as soon as my crotch was under water." Emily was taken aback by the fact that she hadn't noticed anything. Simultaneously, she felt a twinge of jealousy toward her sister, who now had an empty bladder, while Emily's urge continued to grow stronger by the minute.

After a while, they left the water and settled down near the shore where the sand was still damp, only touched by the occasional larger wave. The moment Emily stepped out of the water, her urge became almost unbearable. She shifted her position repeatedly, attempting to find a comfortable spot, but each time a larger wave approached, she had to use all her strength to avoid losing her balance. In one such moment, her concentration slipped, causing her to forget to clench her bladder muscles for only a brief moment. It was long enough that a small spurt escaped into her bikini, leaving her flustered and frustrated.

She instinctively placed her hand over her crotch, but a quick glance in Ivy's direction reassured her; Ivy was occupied elsewhere and hadn't noticed. Besides, her bikini and the sand beneath her were already damp, making her accidental pee virtually invisible. With this realization, Emily allowed herself to relax a bit, unconsciously opening her legs slightly, which triggered another spurt. And then another, this time a bit longer. She felt the warmth between her legs, but the evidence remained hidden, and in that moment, she experienced a mix of relief and a strange, almost illicit sense of freedom.

Emily remained seated on her heels, still swaying gently back and forth, deliberately easing the pressure on her bladder muscles. Occasionally, a small dribble or a quick spurt escaped, each release bringing both relief and a peculiar, tingling sensation that was simultaneously familiar and strange in this context. She continued her rhythmic movements, the spurts becoming more frequent, gradually merging into a continuous stream as her body finally allowed her to let go fully. The warmth between her legs grew, marking her undeniable surrender to the pressure building within her.

The stream continued unabated. It felt incredibly relieving, almost... "Oh my god," she thought, her body still swaying gently back and forth, her heel putting a slight pressure on her clit. As her stream finally came to an end, she found herself unable to stop moving. "Just 10 more seconds," she determinedly thought. Her muscles clenched involuntarily, a shiver running down her spine, and she almost lost her balance in the intensity of the moment. Did she just...? Oh yes she did climax, and it must have been one of the best orgasms she ever had.

*013*2023-11-04 09:27

Thank you all for your kind feedback. I love to read that you liked the story so far. No worries, I will definately continue as I have some more things in mind for Emily. That being said, I don't want to rush it to keep this a quality story.

*016*2023-12-30 11:57

I'm finally back from the dead. Sorry it took so long, but here is the next chapter. Hope you like it.

- CHAPTER 4 -

Emily glanced at her sister, who seemed oblivious to anything unusual, still gazing out at the ocean. Emily's mind was a whirlwind of conflicting emotions. What had just happened? She had accidentally peed herself next to her sister, and the experience had unexpectedly brought her to an orgasm right there on the beach, in plain sight. Her feelings were a mix of pleasure and confusion. It felt undeniably good, but at the same time, it was undeniably strange. She questioned the normalcy of finding pleasure in such an act.

Uncertain about how to process these new and complex emotions, Emily found clarity in one desire—she wanted to experience it again. The unconventional thrill had left an indelible mark on her, making her eager to explore these uncharted territories once more.

Her legs still trembling, Emily rose to her feet and informed her sister, "I'm gonna grab something to drink." There was a determination in her voice, a plan forming in her mind to ensure she'd soon have another reason to pee. Ivy responded, "That's a good idea, I'll join you... Wait, don't you have to pee anymore?" Emily grinned, replying, "No."

"Well, congratulations. How did you do it?" Ivy inquired, her eyes gleaming mischievously. Emily simply teased, "Maybe I'll tell you later," leaving Ivy to wonder about the moments she might have missed when Emily discreetly satisfied her newfound desires.

Immersed in the bliss of the water and the warmth of the sun, Emily and Ivy lost themselves in the moment, forgetting the world around them. Emily, ensuring she drank enough, soon felt the familiar pressure building in her bladder. As she contemplated her options for the next time, she considered whether to try squatting on the beach again or perhaps venture into peeing in the water. Armed with the knowledge of how discreetly she could manage it, even with her sister nearby, Emily felt more confident that this time she could successfully relieve herself in the water.

Suddenly, their mother approached them with a sense of urgency. "Girls, we need to go. A storm is coming, and if we don't make it home before it hits the coast, we'll have a hard time with our little boat."

"Can I just cool down in the water for a second before we go?" Ivy asked, hoping for a brief reprieve.

"Sorry, we need to get going right now," her mom replied, her expression conveying concern as she glanced at the clouds gathering over the sea. With a sense of urgency, she began packing and moved towards their boat with their belongings. Ivy, slightly worried but still wearing a smile, remarked, "Shit, I really should have peed last time I was in the water."

Emily turned to her sister and asked, "Do you think you can hold it until we're back at the house?" There was a genuine concern in her voice for Ivy, but secretly, Emily also harbored a hope for a negative response. It wasn't that she wanted her sister to suffer, but she recalled the thrill in the car when Ivy was visibly desperate for a pee. Additionally, Emily wasn't entirely confident about holding it for the entire boat ride herself, and she pondered the idea of handling it in a way similar to what Ivy might do.

"Never," Ivy answered with a chuckle. "Well, maybe if I'm really trying, but it's gonna be uncomfortable. But with how much you drank, I will probably not be the only one, will I?" Emily blushed and admitted, "No, probably not." The shared acknowledgment of their impending discomfort brought a mix of amusement and trepidation as they prepared to face the challenging boat ride home.

"By the way," Ivy continued, her curiosity unabated, "you still owe me an answer to my question." Emily, momentarily puzzled, asked, "What question?" Ivy clarified, "How did you do it? How did you pee earlier? Did you manage to let it go in the water?"

"Oh..." Emily blushed once again. "Kind of. If you really want to know... I let go in the sand when we were sitting near the water." Ivy smiled and looked proud of her sister. "Interesting," she remarked.

Thirty minutes into the boat ride had passed, and Emily, Ivy, and their mother were engaged in light-hearted conversation about unimportant matters. If Emily didn't know, she wouldn't have a clue that Ivy needed to pee. However, with the awareness of her sister's predicament in mind, Emily started noticing the subtle hints that gave away Ivy's discomfort—adjusting her bikini bottoms, shifting in her seat, crossing and uncrossing her legs, and retrieving her phone from her backpack only to stash it back 10 seconds later, all while discreetly holding her crotch, shielded by the backpack in front of her. Emily found it fascinating. On one hand, Ivy's movements appeared controlled; she wasn't frantic or visibly nervous. On the other hand, not a single minute passed with her just sitting still. Emily couldn't help but wonder how desperate her sister must be. While Emily's own bladder felt full, she didn't struggle to sit still and hold it just yet.

Another 10 minutes elapsed, and Ivy's movements escalated into a more frantic state. Now, it didn't appear controlled at all; she seemed to be doing everything in her power to resist peeing right there in the boat. Her legs moved restlessly, and her hand pulled so tightly on her bikini bottoms that they revealed the outline of her private parts. It was evident that she had surpassed the point of attempting to conceal her discomfort. The struggle against her urgent need to pee was becoming increasingly visible.

Emily couldn't tear her eyes away from Ivy, processing every movement and contemplating what might transpire in the next few minutes. All the while, she resisted the urge to touch herself. Certainly, she wouldn't do that right here, but the desire was strong. Despite her own full bladder, that wasn't her primary concern at the moment. Her mind was conflicted—she didn't want her sister to suffer, yet she also wished for the boat ride to never end. The dichotomy of empathy and a burgeoning fascination with the unfolding situation played out in Emily's conflicted thoughts.

Finally, they arrived, and Ivy eagerly jumped out of the boat. She sprinted along the beach towards their house until she was out of sight. Emily disembarked as well, intending to assist her mother in securing the boat to the dock. However, something caught her attention. Ivy's seat was wet, a noticeable puddle indicative of pee. Emily chose to remain silent. As they walked towards the house, Emily observed wet spots on the terrace and another substantial puddle near the entrance. Emily's mother attributed it to the neighbor kids playing on the terrace, but Emily couldn't shake the feeling that this explanation wasn't the real story.

@@Ivy hoped fervently that her mother and sister hadn't connected the dots regarding what transpired in the boat and on the terrace. Their mother instructed them to head inside just as Ivy was contemplating a quick swim to relieve herself. She was already feeling a bit desperate, but the allure of the sun was too enticing to resist. If she had known it was her last opportunity to pee, she would have acted earlier. Realizing she wouldn't make it home without an accident, Ivy devised a plan. She decided to release small spurts intermittently, hoping to conceal her predicament. Concentrating proved challenging as she engaged in conversation with her sister, but a few minutes into their journey home, she initiated the first dribble. Ivy patiently waited for it to be absorbed by her bikini bottoms, allowing it to dry a bit before releasing another spurt. This tactic worked initially, but as the journey progressed, stopping the stream became increasingly challenging. The urgency didn't diminish, but her bladder weakened, and the small dribbles gradually evolved into longer spurts. Ivy had to abandon her strategy, fearing that continuing it would result in a complete loss of control and an undeniable mess on the seat, with no chance of hiding it.

Despite her efforts, Ivy continued to lose more spurts during the ride until they finally arrived. She was well aware that a puddle had likely formed on her seat. Now, all she could do was make a dash for the house and hope that no one would notice the telltale sign of her accident. Ivy's bladder had reached its limit, and she couldn't prevent the dribble running down her legs any longer. Upon reaching the door, she faced a dilemma: run to the toilet, leaving a trail of urine in the house, or release it outside. Opting for the latter, and with her family out of sight and her bikini already wet, Ivy finally succumbed to the overwhelming urge. Squatting down, she let her urine gush out with a force she had never felt before, the bikini barely acting as a barrier as the stream sprayed onto the ground. Once finished, she hurried inside and headed straight for the shower.

Emily made a beeline for the bathroom, desperately needing to relieve her bladder. Surprisingly, she had managed her urge quite well until this point. However, as she approached the toilet, her bladder demanded an immediate release. She danced on her feet, holding her crotch, experiencing an unexpectedly exhilarating sensation of openly performing a pee dance. "Ivy, can you please hurry up?". The proximity to the toilet intensified Emily's need to go. Ivy opened the door, catching a glimpse of her sister's pee dance. "Sorry," Ivy apologized, and Emily hastily entered the bathroom.

But then, a thought crossed her mind. Instead of relieving herself immediately, Emily pulled her bikini bottoms back up, stepped into the shower, and turned it on without letting the water hit her. Standing there, still dry, she felt a small dribble form from her bikini. She consciously relaxed, allowing herself to pee in full force through her bikini bottoms, closely observing the act. Only after finishing did she step out of her bikini and rinse it under the water. Emily then took the showerhead and directed the strong stream towards her clit, exploring a newfound curiosity.

