Claire's Long Night (Resident Evil 2 Fanfiction)

Author: BurstingStory

*000*2019-07-26 13:22

(Warning: This story will contain elements of horror in it. After all, it is based off of a horror game.)

Riding on her motorcycle, young college student Claire Redfield was making her way towards Raccoon City, in search of her brother Chris. He had been missing for around a month or so, and now it was up to Claire to head off to the large city in search of him. It was a bit of a dangerous task, being a young, pretty brunette in a large city would certainly attract some heads, but Claire knew she was up for the challenge. She had a weapon on her, just in case anything were to happen.

As she approached the outskirts of the city, Claire noticed a gas station, and wanted to make one last phone call to a friend before entering the city. Just to assure them that everything would be fine, and she would return as soon as she found her brother. Also, she wanted to use the bathroom in the gas station. Having driven for a few hours, Claire had a fairly big urge to use the restroom, and now would be a good time for it.

Pulling her motorcycle to the side, she parked it in a spot, and exited, setting her helmet down. She walked over to the payphone booth and inserted her change, beginning to call her friend. Claire did her best to assure them everything would be alright, she knew what she was getting into, and she would leave as soon as she completed her objective. It was just the same old stuff she had been saying for a while now.

Claire hung up the phone and exited the booth. She started making her way towards the interior of the gas station, intending to use the bathroom, when she heard a suspicious noise. It sounded like the breaking of a window, which immediately piqued her interest. Opening the front door, Claire slowly made her way into the store. "Hello, anybody here?" She called out, hoping for a response. The store was pitch black, and Claire pulled out her flashlight, shining it around.

There were items scattered around the floor, and blood stains covered parts of the store as well. Claire made her way through the eerie surroundings, unsure of what might occur. She could feel her body begin to tense up, and she could feel this in her bladder as well. What was once a dull urge, became a bit of a more pressing need, and this was not what Claire wanted, when she was going to face an unknown threat.

Making her way through the aisles, Claire finally found someone. It appeared that he was bleeding from his neck, and his hand was covered in blood. "What happened?" Claire inquired, becoming even more panicked now. All the man could do was point towards a hallway behind him, and Claire entered it, holding her flashlight up. She emerged into a storage room, where it appeared that two men were fighting.

"Excuse me, is everything ok?" Claire asked to the two men, holding her flashlight up. One of the men turned his head to face her. "Stay back ma'am, I got this." The man said calmly. With the light, Claire could see that he was a sheriff's deputy. However, the person he was struggling with finally managed to overpower him, and knocked the man to the floor. The attacker began to brutally attack the deputy, and savagely killed him. The attacker slowly looked up, his mouth was covered in blood, as he glanced menacingly up at the young woman.

At the sight of the ferocious man, Claire gritted her teeth and pressed her legs together. She really had to go to the bathroom, quite badly, but first she had to deal with this. She pulled out her weapon and aimed it at the man, shooting for his head. It took four shots, but he eventually went down. Sighing in relief, Claire hunched over, and pressed her hand against the base of her jeans. She could feel a sizable bulge down there, and it was quite distracting.

Claire knew she wouldn't dare use the bathroom here, not with everything that occurred. She would have to hold it until she found somewhere safer. However, she did not know when that would occur, and she moaned at the thought of having to hold it even longer...

*004*2019-07-26 20:41

I have more parts planned, if there is interest.

