The First 24 Hours

Author: BusyKidneys

*000*2023-11-21 18:26

I woke up around noon, pleasantly full. I’m aware that to most people, waking up with the weight of a few hundred milliliters of pee resting in their bladder would not be pleasurable. But, you see, I’m just a giant fucking pervert.

Yes, I swear a lot. If foul language is a problem for you, you better don’t read the rest of this report. It contains various permutations of the word "fuck" a total of 82 times. I counted.

I had last peed at 2AM, two hours before going to bed. So I woke up with what must have been a good cupful or two of yesterdays drinks. Water that had worked its way through my system over night. Just up, and already ten hours into my hold. Nice.

I yawned, stretched, threw off the covers, and ran my hands over the developing bulge. It was round and firm, just like I liked it.

When I got out of bed, my first destination was the obvious one. The coffee machine, duh. I wiggled in place a bit, caressing my morning bladder under my T-shirt. The machine gurgled, my sphincter announced its presence, and the smell of coffee filled the room. I marked off the first 250 mL on the piece of paper I had taped to refrigerator.

After locating my Crocs and key ring, I slowly walked down all six flights of stairs to the laundry room, sipping my coffee. My bladder only protested slightly, as I bend down to take yesterday’s load out of the dryer. I briefly wondered why none of my neighbors had left me any passive-aggressive notes about blocking the machines over night. Old people like drama, I guess.

Loaded up with two arms full of pants and shirts (why the hell didn’t I bring the basket?) I made my way back up the stairs… only to walk the distance all over again 30 seconds later, because my cup was still sitting on the washing machine.

I felt a little silly. Not for forgetting the cup, that was just par for the course for my easily distracted ass, but for climbing the entire height of the building four times, when the elevator was sitting right there, unused. But that was a rule I had set for myself, and I was going to stick to it. You’re not really holding when you have to avoid the stairs to keep your piss shut in, right?

Oh. Right. I didn’t tell you yet. So, yes, that’s what I’m doing. Not peeing for 24 hours. Normal fluid intake. Been thinking about it for years, never quite managed, but today was going to be the day I did it. And I was not going to go easy on myself. No compromises, no mercy.

Anyway, when I finally walked back into my warm apartment from the cold staircase, my bladder was settling down a bit. Thank god. I was just getting started, after all.

I got myself a cup of water, marked of the next 250 mL, and started sipping is slowly while folding laundry and tidying up around the place. And the next 250 mL.

I had been doing housework for a while, getting lost in my thoughts and devious plans for the day, slowly filling up, when my phone went ping. I checked my messages, finding the one I had been waiting for. My sister was back from her vacation to the Philippines, was just getting settled in back home, and she wanted to see me some time after 3 PM to tell tales and show a few photos.

The clock on my phone read 2:00. Fuck me. My bladder was making itself known now. But that was to be expected. 12 hours since I last relieved myself. Of course I felt like I had to pee! That was just my body having some weird reaction, though, because I was not going to the toilet for another 12 hours. If only 50 percent of the time was 50 percent of the difficulty, and it would only get twice as hard. But that's not how this worked, I was acutely aware. Not that it mattered. Because I wasn’t going to pee.

Anyway, I better got ready to head over, then! I gulped down another 250 mL of water, marked them off on my chart, shed my clothing in the living room, and went to take a shower. As I entered the bathroom, I noted that the piece of duct tape over the lid of the toilet was still intact. Duh, of course it was, who could have possibly disturbed it? It was just a little reminder to myself.

I stepped into the shower. As the warm water started to splatter, soaked into my hair, ran over my body, pooled warmly on my bulge for the fraction of a second before running off, my bladder again started to protest loudly. It wasn’t super difficult not to pee in there, but it wasn’t exactly nice.

When I was done cleaning myself up, I quickly squeezed as much water as I could out of my hair, and started to blow it dry while running a brush through it. This took longer than I thought it would. By the time I was done, and managed to wrangle my curls into a thick bun, the rest of my body had air-dried completely in the warmth of the bathroom. Great, now I was pressed for time to do my makeup!

Thankfully, I’m 24 and don’t need a ton of foundation and crap. I neglected the brunt of my face, and just used a little mascara before putting on a lot of black eyeliner. Not enough for a total Ketamine Panda look, but a bit more than the average gal would have used. Hey, I think my complexion and dark features are underlined really well with cute lashes and cat eyes, okay? It’s easily the best thing I can do when I don’t want to spend hours in front of the mirror! Combine that with black lip gloss… wait, shit, I didn’t have any left! So, combine that with black matte lipstick, and the fact I had painted my nails black yesterday to match, and I was looking ready for a night out on the goth club. Even if I was going to be the least white person there. Theoretically. Because that’s not where I was going. But it would have been dope!

Now, as for getting dressed, I was going to look smoking hot today. I was going to wear the most fuck-me outfit in my whole closet. Which, unfortunately, didn’t have a great selection in that regard. Most of my street clothing was practical, and boring. The fancier stuff was professional, and also boring. The clubwear section… wasn’t all that sexy, either. For the most part. I had a lot of combat pants and bondage trousers, that would look cute with a crop top and black light accessories, but that wasn’t where I was going. I had a few summer dresses, but they were all floral print or baby blue. I finally settled on the sexiest pair of bottoms in my entire closet, a pair of black low-waist skinny jeans.

I need the readers of this report to understand how low these jeans were. They weren’t sagging, I had threaded a belt through the loops. No, they were pulled all the way up, they were really just cut that low. I had Millennial friends who bragged about how low their sluttiest pants were in high school. These were lower. They were very tight and contoured my ass nicely. But they also barely contained it, even when I was standing up. My hipbones were on full display. My pelvis was just like "HELLO!". When I bent down, my tailbone was out. One could think that I was constantly showing the world my underwear, but I assure you, I wasn’t! Because what underwear? If there was ever a piece of true fuck-me jeans, this was it. The only saving grace was that they were black, which pushed them at least somewhat in the direction of "classy". Which is what I kept telling myself.

No pair of low-rise jeans is complete without a midriff-baring top. So I picked a black bralette that barely covered the necessary bits. Fuck, you should have seen me! This is not an outfit you’d expect a girl to wear in November, when its 5 fucking degrees Celsius out. Or, well, ever, unless she’s a prostitute. I was basically naked from the neck… uh, neck, I forgot to tell you about the choker! Black lacy choker. When you go goth whore, you go goth whore all the way. Anyway, I was naked from neck to hipbones. The only way this outfit could have been any lewder, was if I actually had any tits. Well, or if I had put on a nice pair of heels, instead of combat boots. Maybe next time.

I could barely tear away myself from the mirror, because I looked so unbelievably hot. I twisted and turned to study that lean creature with her tiny waist, tight little ass, and fucking long-looking slender legs. And if it hadn’t for my beautifully bulging bladder jutting out over the belt and waistband (thankfully over it!), my abs would have been the centerpiece of this exhibition. A lot of work went into my body, it showed, and I fucking loved it.

But now it was really time to leave. Grabbed a long sweater to cover my shame in front of my sister, and slid into my trench coat. Then I slammed the remaining 500 mL for the day, bringing me up to a nice round 1,500, and headed out to a family member’s place with 13 hours of piss in my bladder, and a stomach full of water. Slosh slosh.

(to be continued)

*001*2023-12-03 02:01

Alright! I have officially escaped moderator approval limbo (yay!), so this story can now continue. It has been complete for a while, I'm just going to post it in installments.

I will leave the decision about which parts are pure fiction, which are real, and which are fictionalized accounts of real events to the discerning reader.

The way down the stairs was… fine. The 20 minute walk, also… fine. The walk up the stairs to her apartment… fine. All of it was fine. Nothing was the matter. Keep your composure girl, your bladder sits over the waistband, there is no compression, you got this! The sweater protects you, even when you take off the trench coat. Just act normal, and try not to pee-dance in place. Your sister is open-minded, but you can’t involve your family in your perverted shenanigans. Fucking hide your need!

Long time, no see, yadda-yadda, etc.. There was kisses and hugs. With my sister only, thank god. She had sent her stupid-ass boyfriend home an hour earlier. After constantly being in the same room for so long, they were a tad bit sick of each other.

Then I got to sit down, with a tabletop to shield my legs from her curious eyes. I had them crossed tightly, and was pushing my thighs together, hard. I think I did a good job at sitting reasonably still, but if my sister had less ADHD, I don't think would have gotten away with it. She was so pre-occupied with telling me all about the trip, she didn’t even comment on my makeup!

Not gonna lie, I was only sort of paying attention to the pictures she was showing me. There was a lot of nodding and "aha" and "cool", but my heart wasn’t in it. Because my heart was in my bladder. It seemed to pulse lightly in sync with the beat of my pump. My sphincter was getting tired. This was awesome, I was so turned on!

It was not until almost 6 PM that we were through with the pictures, and slowly starting to say our goodbyes. My sister is one of those people who always have one more story, you see!

I excused myself to the bathroom. Told her I had to pee. The truth, right? There I sat on closed lid of the toilet. Siting on the fucking toilet with a 7/10 bladder, fuck me, just so that I could do a little inspection! My normally hollow pelvis was completely full with my bladder. It started to bulge up towards my navel. Definitively a cute little pee baby by now. Fuck me. Walked right out of that bathroom. Fuck me. Fuck me.

I avoided a second round of goodbyes (again, always one more story with her!) and basically fled out onto the street. I was planing to do a little grocery shopping in the supermarket half way between our two places, and I brought my backpack for that. The way over there wasn’t that bad. Walking actually seemed to help, and it wasn’t that cold, either. My sphincter only tried to give out on me two dozen times or so. No biggy.

In front of the supermarket doors, I stuffed my sweater into my backpack, finally ready to show the world my whorish outfit. I put the coat back on, but left it open. Respectable from the back, total slut from the front. Totally bursting pissslut, to be precise.

The second I actually walked in the door, I realized my grave mistake. I always went here. The people working here knew me. From the tall redhead behind the deli counter, to the chubby cashier who was always way too chatty during checkout. Fuck me. He was going to remember this. He absolutely was, because I had to call him over to fix the stupid machine when it ate my returnable bottles and didn't want to give me my deposit back. He did so with a grin. I looked like a snack, and he was eating me with his eyes, while I was pee-dancing in place, unable to stand still. Fuck me.

I had a very visible pissbaby by now, and everyone who took even a cursory glance at me knew. And no one was just taking that cursory glance, because I was way too fucking naked. As I was getting my groceries together, I encountered a whole haggle of teenagers gathering supplies to get lit. Of course they did. Saturday night. I fucking curtsied in front of them. I didn’t mean to, it was a motor skill failure from trying not to twist my legs together. My brain didn’t know what to do with my limbs. And of course, there at the register, was my old friend Mr. I-eat-you-with-my-eyes again. Fuck me.

At least the way home went better than I initially thought. I was only hurting a little, my bladder throbbed, my sphincter stung. Just normal stuff. And I walked home, and it was quick, and up to the fifth floor, all relatively easy, while still having to piss like a racehorse. And I thought I was fine. And then I threw the groceries on the balcony, so I didn’t have to bother with putting them in the fridge. And everything was still fine. I didn't even take off my boots, since I was going to leave immediately, right? I left the sweater on my bed, so I wouldn’t be tempted to wear it later. And everything was still fine.

And then I had to walk out of the apartment again. Away from the only toilet I ever comfortably use. With a 17 hour bladder and water still in my system. Fuck me. FUCK ME.

And as if that wasn’t enough, I encountered the stairs again. Walking up the stairs? Easy-peasy bladder squeezy! Walking DOWN five stories? It had been easy the first time, how could it possibly have changed? Yeah, right. My bladder dropped with every step, bouncy ball style. It HURT SO MUCH, FUCK MY LIFE!

(to be continued)

Edited Sunday at 02:03 PM by BusyKidneys (see edit history)

*004*2023-12-03 21:55

My plans for the evening involved a visit to the Christmas market, staying there until it closed, to then return home and play a few very distracted games of Fallout: New Vegas until it was finally time to piss. Piss. Glorious piss!

The tram stop wasn’t too far, and the next tram was due in 8 minutes and it wasn’t too cold out here, under my warm trench coat, and by now I was used to the constant throb and pain. I got this, I got this, I got this. The tram only took ten minutes of uncomfortable wiggling, until I found myself at the station, changing trains, while constantly twisting at the hips. Situation under control. Super full of piss, dressed super slutty, and as vulnerable as I would ever be, but under control. Fuck me.

I arrived at the outskirts of the market around 7:50 PM, an hour and 10 minutes before closing. My bladder was in the most horrible of conditions. I was fucking bursting. So I did the only thing I could. I took off my coat, hung it over my arm, exposing my whorish outfit to the world and my body to the cold air (Fuck me!), and strode into there like I owned the place. I was hot shit and I knew it, and soon the word would, too!

Well, I say I strode. There might have been a bit of hunching over. Maybe it was sort of a pee-dancy waddle. Maybe the pain was showing on my face. But the intention counts!

As for the market, well… I wasn’t impressed. First of all, what kind of business does a Christmas market have being open in November? Also, it was next to a mall, and commercial af. No fun at all. Better wait for the more traditional markets to open up, I say. But I wasn’t here for early Christmas shopping, was I? The place was packed.

Absolutely packed, in fact. Not as full as I was, but still. People were staring at me. Staring at the scantly clad girl dancing to the ubiquitous Christmas music sounding from a hundred speakers, as she was moving with the crowd. If you didn’t know that I hadn’t pissed in EIGHTEEN FUCKING HOURS, you might have bought it! Unless you saw the piss balloon. At least the wind wasn’t as cold as I had feared. Maybe my boiling sac of piss was warming me up? Fuck me.

My only consolation was that I was somewhat anonymous here. Probably. I didn’t know any people who were enthusiastic about Christmas markets. God, I hoped no one would recognize me, bursting with piss and wearing a fuck-me sign the size of my whole body! Speaking of that: Fuck me.

My muscles felt weak and trembled, like I ran a fucking marathon. The skin stretched over my bloated balloon was taut, and hot to the touch. My bladder throbbed with every heartbeat. My sphincter had started to really hurt.

I took another stroll, or rather hobble, moving with the masses, tormented by the smell of mulled wine. I liked mulled wine, but… no. Even if alcohol wasn't a diuretic, if I got just slightly tipsy I was going to fucking piss myself right here.

A massive spasm hit my bladder, trying to push out all that pent-up liquid. Fucking loser bladder, no, no no! I had to stop at a stand to compose myself. Pee-dancing cross-leggedly, through teary eyes and with a trembling voice, I managed to feign interest in the merchandise, and emerged with a jar of regional honey at an extortionist price. I dropped it into the pocket of my coat as I hobbled along, pressing my hands into my crotch every few seconds. Fuck I didn’t even want to do that. It just happened on its own. Stupid body. Stupid piss-filled body. Silly pea-brain. Pee-brain. Hah!

The first stalls started to close up. Well, time to go home for me, right? Finally, fucking finally! Unless…

Well, I was not going to pee until 2 AM, anyway, right? That was another FIVE HOURS! But… if I went home now, the toilet would be right there, it would be soooooo fucking tempting. I was out, anyway. I was dressed somewhat clubby, anyway. In black. Whorish black. Black fits in anywhere. I could totally stay out till it was time to go home and relieve myself. Have a little fun. Live a little. Fuck. My nipples could cut glass, the chafing denim crotch of my tight pants was moist and sticky (I hadn’t lost a single drop of pee though, very proud!), and now the thought of staying out for FIVE MORE HOURS turned my on more than I had ever been turned on in my life. Fuck me.

I worked myself back into my coat, leaving it open for the world to see my body (my HOT BODY FULL OF PISS!), and moved with the stream of people back to the train station, to find a quiet corner to fumble with my phone. And a fumble is was, my hands were shaky by now.

I stood there, hunched over, crossed-legged, wiggling my hips side to side, swearing at my phone and muttering to myself like a madwoman. There was this club at the other side of the mall. Short walk under normal circumstances, slightly more challenging for me now. They were open, but… no, they had a techno party going on tonight, and the website said it had been sold out days ago. I searched for something else. Nightlife wasn’t that busy this time of year, especially since some of the smaller venues had died during the pandemic. And I needed a place I could get home from in time, to take my fucking PISS!

Alright. It looked like the only option I had was a medium-sized joint my friends and I had frequented a couple of times. A metal pub with live music. One of the places that wasn’t always a total sausage party. And it looked like it was open tonight, and three bands were playing. And they were charging admission, which meant no minimum consumption, which was good, because if I drank, I would fucking die. My only concern was meeting any of my friends there. I quickly opened up our group chat (while a single drop was trying to sneak its way out of my pee hole, but not on my watch!), and scrolled through this week’s messages, to get an idea of what everyone was up to this weekend. Two couples were away on a short vacation, three of the guys were playing D&D tonight, and none of the others had asked if anyone would come out with them. Looking good on the privacy front. Fingers crossed. And legs.

The next bus was leaving in just a few minutes. I could be there around 10 PM, dance (or something resembling dancing) for three hours, and leave around 1 to get the night bus, go home, and FUCKING PISS. Fuck me. 19 hours without a piss, and I wasn’t heading home, I was going to the fucking pub. Fuck me.

I stood on the bus. I didn’t dare sit down. I was worried my piss balloon was going to rest on my thighs. And the seats had cloth covers. Better not piss on anything that cannot be wiped off. In theory, of course, because I was going to hold it. I held on to the grab bars for dear life, as my bladder cramped and tried to expel liters of boiling hot piss, again. My arm bumped into my chest, and I realized my skin was freezing! Of course it was, I had walked around basically topless in November for over an hour! Well, it had 40 minutes of a bus ride to warm up again. Anyway, the grab bars. I was so tempted to GRIND my crotch into them like a damn stripper. Fuck me.

Hold, hold, hold, drop into a fucking daze, hold some more… after 20 minutes of hell, three girls got on. About my age, I suppose. They stared at the weird pretzel-leg woman with way too little clothes under her coat. Two of them only did so for an amount of time that would pass as normal. The third kept looking. She was fucking HOT! Good, I hoped she was sizing me up, instead of just thinking that I was a freak. I needed to wear my rainbow earrings the next time. I didn’t want women to see me and think "I wonder if I can have this?", they need to be sure!

Fuck. Fuckety-fuck. FUCK! The bus jerked, and I SPURTED! Really hard! It was just a single spurt before I got my quivering sphincter back under control, but it was really strong. The bus was loud, so hopefully only I heard the hiss, but upon careful inspection, my crotch was fucking wet! Thank god for black clothing, between the structure of the fabric and the shadow of my thighs and bladder, I don’t think anything was visible. But FUCK ME!

I left the three girls, pulling my coat to the side as I got off the bus, so the hot one could stare at my ass and legs. Fuck, I felt so objectified (by myself, no less), and so HOT. The pub was 50 meters from the bus stop, max, and I actually managed to get there without making too much of a scene for the three bearded metal dudes and their smoking hot heavily painted girlfriends on my way to the entrance.

There was a lady at the door searching people. They never had a female bouncer before, and they never searched girls. I groaned and cursed my bad luck. Why now? I couldn’t fucking stand still. Fuck, if she got the idea that I was on uppers, she was not going to let me in. I handed her the cash for admission, and held out my arms so she could feel me up, err, pad me down. I was absolutely fucking unable to stop myself form pee-dancing in place. My knees were knocking together, and since I’m pretty bony, it hurt. Her hands glided over my coat. She raised an eyebrow, fishing out the jar of honey.

"This is glass."

"Um… sorry. Got that at the Christmas market. Came here spontaneously, didn’t think I would… er, don’t you serve your drinks in glasses?"

She slid it back. "Yeah. Don’t throw it at the band or anything. In you go!"

Phew. This interaction went well. "Thank you."

"You look cute, by the way."

Cute? I didn’t look cute, I looked like a slutty piss balloon! At least she didn’t try to tell me where the toilets were. She absolutely had to have noticed, but maybe she just assumed I would find them on my own. There was a huge fucking sign over the door, after all.

(to be continued)

*006*2023-12-04 19:34

I slid into the pub. There were a good few people here, moderately full, and apparently the first band had just wrapped up, packing up their stuff to make room for the main act. I anxiously scanned the crowd. No one I knew. Not that I could tell. Whew. But for the first time in hours, I wasn’t feeling like the sluttiest little thing the world had ever seen. Thank heavens for confident metal chicks and their whorish rags! So awesome! I was thinking about my rainbow earrings again, one hand playing with my choker, other hand firmly jammed between my legs. If only the denim would stretch more, so I could get a few fingers riiiight up there.

While the main band was starting to set up, the DJ played something to avoid awkward silence. Pantera? Probably. My bladder was filling my entire pelvis, bulging from mons up to navel, peaking right under the belly button. If it swelled any more, it would hit my rib cage. The only reason I didn’t quite look massively pregnant, was because the exact location and proportions were off. To low for a human baby, juuust right for a piss baby. Urge 9.5/10, fuck me.

I was PISS. No, really, I did a quick calculation afterwards, and I was literally OVER THREE PERCENT PISS by mass at this point. The entire universe was PISS. I wanted it so badly, I could taste it. My kidneys were starting to back up. My back hurt. My ureters were hard metal straws in my sides. Brain fog started to set in. Only my bladder was real, the rest of the world a movie.

I went with the vibe of the music. Just pee-dancing in place. Wiggling my hips. Pondering why the hell I got off on torturing myself like that, instead of just finding a boring dude and having vanilla sex in missionary, like other girls. Oh, that was easy. At least the later part. A girl moved past me. If you thought leggings as pants were risqué, you should have seen her! Sheer tights as pants, and I bet, I fucking bet, she was going commando! Oh god I was so fucking gay!

Fuck me, the bathroom was right fucking there. Underneath the big sign. And it was clean here! I knew that! I don’t mean "clean for a pup", I mean clean clean! There were three girl queueing, but that was now. There certainly wouldn’t be a line once the band was playing, right? People were here to see it. Fuck me. So tempting. No. Stay strong. These girls are weak. I bet they pissed an hour ago, and only had a drink or two. And now they were running to the toilet like little children. Pathetic. I was a lady! 21 hours since my last piss. There were metal beams separating the tables from the dancefloor. I wanted to grind on them, even more than on the bars on the bus. Fuck me.

The main band started. Didn’t catch their name. Didn’t care. Some kind of grungy thrash metal. Pretty good, as far as I could still process it. I was swirling through the main room, wiggling in front of the stage, off in my own world of piss and pulsing beats. I-Have-to-Pee La La Land. The drummer was playing right in my throbbing bladder. I pee-danced like crazy to the music. And then I spurted so hard it completely soaked through. Again, just a single spurt. But so fucking much. It went right through my pants. I felt like there was no chance of getting it back under control. No, I KNEW IT. I stumbled to the bathroom, to find it completely empty. Just like I WASN'T. I slammed the door behind me. Metal beats pounding through the air.

(to be continued)

Edited Monday at 07:35 PM by BusyKidneys (see edit history)

*008*2023-12-04 22:59

Original Ending: I only got my pants down in time because the waist was so low. No time to mess with the belt. I TORE them off. I would have pissed myself in normal jeans. And then I dropped, no strength left in my thighs. The second my butt touched the seat, it was over.

I exploded into the toilet. It was so fucking violent and so good, I pissed like a fire hose, and moaned like a whore. I could see myself deflate. And then I closed my eyes, leaned back and enjoyed, and the relief was heaven on earth. I sat there in absolute paradise for minutes, as TWENTY-ONE AND A HALF FUCKING HOURS of pent-up piss left my body.

Not quite a full day.

Better luck next time!

Alternate Ending I: I don’t know how I did it. I don’t. The toilet was right there. RIGHT THERE! Fucking hell. I used the privacy of the stall to JAM my fists into my crotch, bent over double, panting, just holding on with all I got, fuck me, FUCK ME! Five minutes. Ten minutes. I don’t know. And then I walked right back out of there, unrelieved. It was the hardest thing I have ever done in my life.

I watched the band. Don’t ask me how. I figured that I had lost about 200 mL between the two spurts. Piss-brain math, who knows. I bought a coke to compensate. And I slammed it down. I made the night bus. Don’t ask me how. I made it to my apartment. Don’t ask me how. Did I cheat and take the elevator? I don’t know! I remember fiddling with my keys. I remember checking my phone to see if it was time. It was time. And then I was in my bathroom. In front of my very own glorious toilet! And the fucking duct tape almost proved to me my undoing. So close. So close. I have short fingernails. That’s the issue. Always fold the end of tape over on itself, kids! And then the lid was up.

I only got my pants down in time because the waist was so low. No time to mess with the belt. I TORE them off. I would have pissed myself in normal jeans. And then I dropped, no strength left in my thighs. The second my butt touched the seat, it was over.

I exploded into the toilet. It was so fucking violent and so good, I pissed like a fire hose, and moaned like a whore. I could see myself deflate. And then I closed my eyes, leaned back and enjoyed, and the relief was heaven on earth. I sat there in absolute paradise for minutes, as TWENTY-FOUR FUCKING HOURS of pent-up piss left my body.

I made it. I fucking made it!

And I’m going to do it all over again.

Alternate Ending II: I don’t know how I did it. I don’t. The toilet was right there. RIGHT THERE! Fucking hell. I used the privacy of the stall to JAM my fists into my crotch, bent over double, panting, just holding on with all I got, fuck me, FUCK ME! Five minutes. Ten minutes. I don’t know. And then I walked right back out of there, unrelieved. It was the hardest thing I have ever done in my life.

I watched the band. Don’t ask me how. I figured that I had lost about 200 mL between the two spurts. Piss-brain math, who knows. I bought a coke to compensate. And I slammed it down. I made the night bus. Don’t ask me how. I made it to my apartment. Don’t ask me how. Did I cheat and take the elevator? I don’t know! I remember fiddling with my keys. I remember checking my phone to see if it was time. It was time. And then I was in my bathroom. In front of my very own glorious toilet! And the fucking duct tape almost proved to me my undoing. So close. So close. I have short fingernails. That’s the issue. Always fold the end of tape over on itself, kids! And then the lid was up.

I only got my pants down in time because the waist was so low. No time to mess with the belt. I TORE them off. I would have pissed myself in normal jeans. And then I dropped, no strength left in my thighs. The second my butt touched the seat, it was over.

I exploded into the toilet. It was so fucking violent. I pissed like a fire hose, and opened my mouth to moan like a whore. Then I shut it again. This was undignified. I could see my bladder deflate. I didn’t allow myself to be taken over by the relief as TWENTY-FOUR FUCKING HOURS of pent-up piss left my body. This was normal. This was was good girls were supposed to do. Pleasure came from holding, never from release.

But still, I made it. I fucking made it!

And I’m going to do it all over again tomorrow. And the day after. Every day. I’m a good girl.

*011*2023-12-05 16:17

In case any of you were wondering:

Which parts of this are pure fiction? Which parts of it are fictionalized accounts of real events? Did any of this actually happen?

Well... keep guessing. 😝

I'll only say that much: If we have chatted before, certain elements are probably familiar to you.

