The Prodigal Princess (Finished Chapter 5)

Author: Blackheart

Chapter 4

A fancy dress is...Perhaps...One of the most difficult things to move in. This, Samantha had decided the first time she'd actually put one on. Even plate armor, heavy as it was, would be actually designed and tailored to its wearer. Interlocking plates, padding on the inside. Perhaps not the most comfortable outfit ever. But you can move in it.

Whalebone compressed her lungs until she could scarce breathe, and layers of petticoats threatened to catch up her legs with every step. She was, however, a lady. And ladies, apparently, subjected themselves to crude torture on a regular basis. Sam mused that the reason must be as a sacrifice for living longer than the male counterparts. Shifting her legs again, she would have preferred death at the moment.

Across from her sat the Queen of Nortmund, Rosalia Gregorian. Rose, to Sam. They sat in a library, currently being tended to by the Archivists. The robed men mulled about, checking and reordering books, inserting new volumes, removing others. Poring over data. Aside from the nobility, the Archivists were amongst the few in the realm who were literate. It was not always as such. Before the Libraries – not the comparatively small one that resided in the southern wing of the Palace; rather, true centers of knowledge and learning – were burned after the fall of the First Kingdoms, most people across what is now Nortmund and beyond could read. Could write.

There were stories and culture found within the books. Theatre writings and such. “You could intimately understand the people and their works from these dramas.” said the monarch, noticing Samantha's eyes glancing about. The Queen, in her own regalia, was graceful even in the ridiculous dresses expected of the female nobility. She spoke with a cool, utterly confident tone, though it was still friendly, comforting. “Explorations of the mind. The soul. The body.” The emphasis, though almost non-existent, spoke volumes. Enough to fill a portion of the library, even.

As if she had commanded it, the Archivists began filing out, speaking quietly to themselves. They were a reclusive group, though friendly enough. Their knowledge though, and their practices, made them stand out. They understood the workings of the mind, both literally and metaphorically, better than almost anyone. Definitely Sam. Perhaps even the nobility. As the last of them left, they closed the door behind them, leaving an utter silence, save for the blowing of the winter wind and the crackle in the fire.

The Queen stood, smiling at the Guardian. There was a trace of stiffness to her, the regal bearing that she carried. “I'd been meaning to ask you: How has the burden of tithe and title been treating you?”

Sam took another sip for the mulled wine, its heat permeating her body. “Well, much the same really. I mean, it was mostly just an honor of ranking, wasn't it?”

“Yes, though it more or less formally inducts you into the Royal Family. Extended, of course. Many of the Guardians who acquit themselves well find a place there. If you were to ever bear children, or leave a legacy of such a nature, the honors of Privilege would guarantee their place. It also makes you more suitable for the social exhibitions amongst the nobility as well. Amelie really likes you, you know. She says you have a shrewd mind.” The Queen walked about the library, pacing slowly.

“I serve as best I am able, my Queen.” Sam felt a twinge in her bladder. She hoped this wouldn't last too long, as it would do no good to have a repeat of the last week. “Though I must admit, the field of battle is somewhat more comfortable than that of Court.”

Rose smiled at her. “One you should learn, however. My dear daughter has a great ordeal ahead of her in life, and she needs someone to protect her, not only from physical dangers, but from those posed by a dangerous word, or a cold rumor. She needs someone there to advise her, but the few “Ladies” who would be of any use to her are as untrustworthy as they are clever. And, of course, avoiding suitors like the plague, as she does, there is little chance of her falling into subservience anytime soon. Besides, she is a fine judge of character.” The woman stopped near the fire briefly. “And she likes you.”

Samantha was glad that she was turned away from the Queen, as her blush would have made things awkward. She discreetly pressed her legs together, grimacing at her body's desire for relief. “Yes, well...She is a pleasure to serve as well. Your daughter is both beautiful and cunning. It is a honor to be of use to her.”

“Indeed. Your ranking will help to protect her social health as well as her physical. The mind as well as the body. Of course, this all depends on a few things. You have potential, yes.” The Queen leaned against the chair closest to the fireplace, her shadow dancing across the floor toward Sam. “But the quality of your character is something that requires better understanding. And so my husband and I decided that we would each get to know you. He greatly desires a new mind to bounce tactics and war off of as it is. It, sadly, occupies much of his time these months, as it must.”

“For myself though...Well...How are you feeling?”

“Well, my liege, of course.” Sam wondered at the question and sudden change of pace.

“Are you? You know, you remind me a little bit of a dear friend I had when I was a bit younger...” The story soon spiraled out, and both Samantha and the Queen conversed, chatting, exchanging stories, jokes. A servant entered and added more wood to the fire and left. The gray light outside had begun to fade into night. The Queen was witty and very beautiful. Amelie was thin, and would be her whole life, but the Queen had curves to her that few could match. Silky hair and flawless, pale skin, just barely touched with lines. Thalos, God of Wisdom and Serenity, left his feet at the corners of her eyes, a symptom of a lifetime of laughter. It was like seeing Amelie in 20 or 30 years. It was a comforting thought.

“And so it goes with so many of my ladies. I deal as best I can though,” Rose said, smiling. “But how are you feeling, Guardian?”

Sam's bladder was on fire, as was her body. Her pupils were practically blown, alive with lust, unfocused but omnipresent. She wasn't sure how much longer she would last, but time was definitely running out. “Well, though my duties will soon call for me. I would be more than happy to return shortly, after I have seen to them.”

“Soon, dearest. It has been a distinct pleasure conversing with you. But I have one last question.”

A surge in Samantha's bladder caused her to slam her legs together, barely keeping her urethra closed. “Of course, my Queen. Anything.”

“How is my daughter?”

“She's as happy as I can tell, my - “

“That's not what I mean, Lady Samantha. I've noticed that you shared certain...Predilections...That my daughter does.”

Sam's heart slammed against her chest – no mean feat with her corset strangling her as it did – and she blushed furiously. Unbidden memories of the ceremonies a week earlier filled her mind: the helpless feeling as she lost control in the middle of the crowd, barely hidden by the heavy robes. And of course, the burned-in memory of the queen discovering her secret shame. And hiding it. Remembering the incident brought a sympathetic surge to her bladder, causing a spurt of golden liquid to escape her pussy, dampening the petticoats of her dress.

“I...Ah...”

“It's alright. No need to be ashamed.”

“She...Is...She is wonderful, in...all...ways.” Sam's knees knocked together as she desperately held onto to her weakening bladder.

The Queen took this silently for a moment. “And you enjoy her?”

“Unbelievably so, my Queen.” Another wetness began to form, entirely unrelated to her desperation.

Queen Rose smiled a secret smile. “But I must wonder,” she mused, tapping a slender finger to her cheek, “how much she enjoys you in return. It is my duty as her mother to ensure my daughter's happiness and success.”

“What do you mean?”

“Well, my dear Lady, I am in need of some assistance. You see, our conversations have been utterly entertaining. Enthralled, even. Yet...It has left little time to refresh myself.”

“I think I can sympathize, my Queen.” A stray thought, an intuition at the back of Sam's mind began screaming its way to the fore.

“And it has left me in such a state that I desperately require relief. In fact, I dare not move, for fear of losing all control.” It was impossible to see below the Queen's layers of dress, but Sam could easily imagine the Queen's legs rubbing together. Her breath opened up, and became a little heavier.

“Of course, Your Highness. It would be an honor to serve you.” She slipped out of her seat, her bladder twinging painfully, and another spurt escaping into her petticoats. She reached the Queen and, carefully, gingerly examined the woman's dress. The Queen, for her part, stood rigidly still. Her control was amazing, though Samantha could tell she was reaching her limits. Slowly she began to remove a layer, revealing the petticoats of beneath. She gently touched the woman's corset, eliciting a brief gasp from the woman.

And then went a layer of the petticoat, and another, leaving only the Queen's stockings, panties, corset and girdle. Her silhouette was beautifully illuminated in the shadow of the firelight, a tall hourglass. And her body was so warm. Sam couldn't help but touch her creamy skin. Her back...

Her shoulders...

Her thighs...

And a magnificent ass, barely clad by the girdle, which Sam delicately removed. Each touch caused the older woman to twich, either in desperation or electric pleasure.

“My Lady Samantha, I must beg that you hurry. I am at my last...Ohh.” A brief spurt of twinkling droplets graced the woman's thighs. And suddenly, Sam knew she could take no more.

“I shall, mistress. But my own need is too great. Please, help me with my own clothes before I disgrace myself. Her own dress was less complex, but even as the Queen acquiesced, she moved much slower, and stiffer, than Sam had. Another spurt wet her own panties, and the Guardian could feel her control slipping.

As the petticoat came off, she lost the last vestiges of her control, spurting again into her panties and again. “My Queen, I'm afraid it's too late...I can't hold it any longer...”

She bent over slightly, as golden liquid rushed out of her forbidden place, pouring in a waterfall between her legs. And then she felt the Queen's hand there, massaging her pussy as the urine burst forth. The feeling was uncontrollably blissful, and soon she lost all touch with reality, lost in the feeling of the Queen controlling her ecstasy. Pee rushed out of her with a hiss, splattering the wood floor and running in rivulets down her legs. She barely noticed as a finger slipped into her soaking panties, and then another, slipping past her pee-soaked lips and fingering her rapidly. In short order, she was reduced to a shivering wreck as an orgasm wracked her. She sank into the warm, wet wooden floor, slowly regaining her wits. The Queen straddled her prone body, grinding her slightly.

“I must admit, Lady Samantha, that you are quite...Enticing,” she punctuated the word with a pelvic thrust, moving the woman's hot crotch against Sam's legs. “Pleasure me. Make me glow in ecstasy, before I completely disgrace myself. I can't hold it in for much longer.” The Queen's voice went higher at the last, almost child-like.

Practically in a trance, the Guardian obliged, slipping to her knees before grasping at the Queen, molesting her, caressing her. She bit into her neck, eliciting a gasp, and ran her hand through the woman's hair, reveling in its softness. But the real prize was the woman's hips and thighs, her perfectly shaped ass that that filled her hands so well. She ran her fingers inside the woman's legs, and she leaked again, a sprinkle of urine gracing the floor. When Samantha pressed lightly against the woman's stomach, she tensed and moaned, followed by a tiny fart. “Please,” gasped Rose, “I can barely hold it back...”

In response, Sam moved down, and began to lick the woman through her dampened panties. The Queen bucked on her knees at the feeling, lost in it, yet tense with the effort of holding back. With a finger, she began massaging her clit, rubbing the bump, and the monarch began gasping. She was getting close, her tense muscles pulsing with a building orgasm. Rose grasped Samantha's head and held her there, pressing her mons into her face. Sam licked her hungrily, and then, Rose let out a low, almost predatory cry.

Sam pulled away, still massaging the woman's clit, and the Queen fell to her knees, wracked with waves of pleasure. Her wonderful ass right in the Guardian's face, she got a perfect view as the last of the Queen's control slipped away. It began slowly – a dribble of gold erupting from the woman's crotch – that slowly grew, and grew, until a it hissed against the fabric of the Queen's panties. The Queen moaned uncontrollably, still caught up in her orgasm. Her ass tensed and flexed with each pulse, revealing her well-toned musculature. As the tail end of her orgasm spun out, she relaxed entirely, giving up any semblance of holding on. Another small fart escaped her, but then, her ass began to spread, and her hole pucker through her now soaked panties. A solid log began to emerge, tenting out her panties. As it ended, another burst of gas erupted, followed by more logs, pushing down her panties.

The Queen, her face in her arms, moaned quietly as she soiled herself, “I'm having an accident, I just couldn't hold it in any more...I'm pooping my panties...” More poop forced its way out, squeezing out the sides of the woman's underwear. Her perfectly shaped ass gyrated slightly, hypnotizing Samantha as she watched the spectacle. Finally, after what seemed like an mind-numbingly erotic eternity, the woman's hole closed up, and the Queen sighed. She lifted her head just enough to mutter, “Ahh, that feels better.” Her load made an enormous bulge, a perfect contrast the woman's creamy skin. Her ass in the air, she practically beckoned for the guardian to take her once more. Sam, for her part, had all but lost her mind, and assaulted the Queen in a frenzy of lust. If this was her future...Well, she could deal with all the snobbish nobles in the world.

Chapter 5:

"Only strike when victory is assured. The farmer does not law low the wheat with half a stroke; thus the army does not law low their enemy with half their strength. If circumstance conspires against you, offer circumstance tea" - Military texts of Nortmund military legend Johannes Kilgore. The last sentence essentially translates to "wait out the enemy."

"Madame, the news is grim," murmured Hawthorne, the sergeant of the royal train's detachment, brushed snow from his coat and cinched the tent's knots, closing the pale light out. The warm lamplight that replaced it featured the man's worried face. "Word has arrived that the 3rd Army from Hiidenburg routed two days ago. The Oslanders torched the entire city, burning a good portion of the 3rd alive. The rest have scattered. Guardian Griffiths rides, but his forces are at least several days from here."

Wild, pale blonde locks of hair framed delicate yet hard face of the Knight Bachelor Samantha Greylily. She sat drinking Kafe, a mildly alcoholic stimulant from the east. The floral burn did little to stifle the chill she felt. Hiidenburg was only a few day's hard ride from Daschour, the royal family's destination. They had planned the journey for morale purposes. Things were hard in the fragile southern lands. The cold was brutal, the threat of Osland worse, and to top it off, the bandit problem had not been solved. It had been hoped that a visit from the royal family would ease some of the troubles. In Sam's opinion, it was far too risky an act for such a small gesture. And now, this.

She sat forward, finishing off the Kafe in a gulp. "What are Veridis' orders?"

"He is still in conference with the royal family. As per your instructions, I've already set the soldiers to striking the camp. We should be ready to go within the hour, or whenever they finish and their tent can be broken down. He has requested your presence as soon as possible."

The journey was coming to an abrupt end, now that the Oslanders stalked the southern hinterland. It had only been a few weeks since her "run-in" with the Queen, and the days following it had been mostly business, with the planning of this trip. All for naught, apparently. The train would need to make for Nortmund quickly, else the Osland raiders would overtake the slow-moving caravan. "Tell him I'll be there straight away," she said, pushing her chair back.

He nodded and left as the Sam stood. Her winter furs fell open for a moment to reveal the pale, toned skin on her legs. The brutal cold and clouds had all but bleached the sun from her body, leaving her almost porcelain. She shrugged the robe off and revealed her fencer's body briefly. A hard, but comely woman, she was lithe but still curved, smooth yet dotted with thin scars years old. Shivering, she went to work putting on her leather pads. The armor had some metal rivets, but in the cruel winter, the only practical armor was primarily fur and leather. Most metal plates would freeze and shatter. Strapping her sword to her side and fastening her cloak, she made her way out into the sterile white light of the snowy morning. The cold made her bladder twinge mildly, but she was far too preoccupied to let it affect her.

Making her way to the pavilion tent, the guards in front of it saluted, and let her pass. Inside sat the King with the Queen at a wooden table, alongside a stern, hardened man. Gin Veridis, First Captain of the Royal Guard. Gin leaned over the table, tracing a line along a cloth map. He was speaking quietly, and with the sound of the soldiers outside breaking the camp, Sam couldn't make out the words. As befitting her station, she awaited the call of her commander. And while she did, her eyes wandered. The royal pavilion was well appointed, though still a little spartan for the road. Rugs lined the boarded floor, and a small firepit heated, the smoke and vapor escaping into a hole built into the top. 

As her eye traveled, she noticed off to the side, reading quietly, there was the red-haired goddess, the Princess Amelie. Her breath caught, and her body heat ticked up. The mere sight of the girl was nearly enough to set Sam aflame. Worst of all, the girl knew it. Though the girl made a pretense at continuing to read, a sly smile crept up her lips, and her eyes briefly flashed to the Guardian. The Princess was lounging in a silky dress - the tent being warm enough to wear normal clothing, and it clung to the young girl's body in a most insidious way. As she watched, the girl slid her leg down the divan she was laying on, parting the legs and allowing it to ride up, revealing dark blue stockings to milky thighs and eventually the girl's...

"Sirrah Greylily, step forward." Gin's voice was even, but the command was implacable, and her mind immediately snapped to attention. Shaking off Amelie's lustful spell, Samantha moved to the table.

"My liege," she said, bowing to the King, followed by "your Highness," and another bow. Finally, she saluted Veridis.

"Captain, what do you require?"

"I trust Hawthorne has alerted you to the situation?" he asked, not waiting for a response. "The decision has been made to make haste back to Nortmund. The Family shall be separated to reduce the risk of travel during the return, and we shall be leaving within the hour. The Queen will ride the carriage, while the King shall return with myself and the Guardians. The men will break the camp and return on their own time. They are aware of the risks, and happy to protect our liege. You," he said, pausing briefly, "shall ride with the Princess. First west, to Ferrus, then back north to home."

"Why the split, sir? That seems dangerous." She shifted forward, looking at the map. Various markers had been placed down, and she realized as Gin responded how dire their situation was.

"Aye, but it's a sight better than our alternative. As of this moment, we stand in the disputed territory of Nortmund and Osland. The barbarians march on this road as we speak, and we cannot risk the entire family being captured."

She stood for a moment, and let the situation sink in, before taking a deep breath, and nodding. "So shall it be done. Anything else?"

"One more thing. This," he said, pulling a discreet, plain wooden box from below the table, "Must reach Nortmund with the Princess. And the package must remain intact. It is an artefact. A dangerous one at that. I'm sure I don't need to go into details about proper care and handling of it, yes?"

Her world tilted slightly, and she shied away from the box. Artefacts were occult tools, objects of cultists and witches. Why it was there was beyond her comprehension, and it was only her steel will that surpassed her trepidation, and took the package. "It...It shall be done, Captain. My liege, my life is Amelie's."

His voice intoned gently, and she realized how rarely the King had ever spoken to her. Tension drew the words tight, but confidence radiated from him. "Of that, I am certain, Guardian. Go with the Gods, and we shall see you Home soon."

The King nodded at her, and as quick as that, she was dismissed. Gin went back to discussing tactical details with her liege, and the box sat quietly on the edge of the table. Was it her imagination, or did it practically beckon her? She shook her head briefly, and set her mind to the task at hand. She collected the box and turned. Amelie was already up, with a heavy fur coat on, looking beautiful and mischievous and scared at the same time. She guessed that the princess had already been made aware before Sam had entered. As she made her way over, the girl spoke to her.

"I've already taken the liberty of having horses and supplies set for us. The servants have already packed my things. As soon as you're ready, we can leave." Despite the gravitas of the situation, the Guardian had to admire Amelie's strength. There was no trembling or weakness for royalty. In the back of her head, the girl's figure etched itself into her mind. The flowing cloth beneath her coat almost accentuating the her forbidden places. "Would you care for some help getting things together?"

Sam kept her face carefully neutral as she nodded, though she longed to touch her, if only for a moment. Instead, she moved to hold the flap of the tent open for the girl, and they left into the pale white light of day. Outside, Hawthorne awaited her. "Madame."

"Sergeant. Take care of the Queen. If anyone can, it will be you." A thin line of emotion tinged her words. What was that? Fear?

"Yes, Madame. I heard that you're riding for Ferrus, yes?"

"It seems that way. Why?"

"I know of a man there, in the event you find yourself in a need that can't be paid off with your crest. His name is Thatcher. Caldwell Thatcher. He's not exactly...Reputable. But he is loyal to the crown. Of a sorts." Hawthorne shifted uncomfortably. Sam knew what he meant - A rake of some sort. Ferrus was a made trade town; likely the man was a gambler or smuggler or so. "You might not be able to trust him with your purse, but I'd put even my own life in his hands, if it came down to it. I have hopes that you'll have the easiest journey of any of us. But there's been enough surprises today that I worry for that."

"I appreciate the concern, but it won't be needed," she said with a confidence she didn't really feel. "We will be home in no time, and when we are, the first round's on me."

He nodded, and saluted as they made their way back to her tent. As an officer of the court, she received her own private, albeit small, tent. That said, as she was used to traveling light, it still held plenty of room. Her small trunk was all that was there, aside from the cot. Amelie followed her in, and closed the flap behind her. "I'd be lying if I said I wasn't worried, Samantha. This has never happened before, and I'm surprised we got caught like this." The Princess moved past her and sat on the bed, sliding her coat off.

"It does seem a little odd. The entire trip, and then this happening. I wouldn't have thought that Gin would let the royalty out of the palace, let alone this far south."

"My father practically had to drag him here kicking and screaming himself. He argued that fear in this time would cause more damage than any bodily harm that could be put upon him or the family. A harsh sentiment, though I do agree."

"There won't be much of a kingdom to lead though if he d-"

"Don't say that!" Amelie glared at her briefly, before standing and kneeling to open Sam's trunk, laying the Guardian's belongings on the cot.

"I'm sorry. This has me on edge too." She took stepped next to the Princess, watching the girl go through her things. It wouldn't have been the first time, so she had no real qualms about it.

"I'd been thinking about that a bit. Why don't we start our trip off with good feelings and good omens?" The girl looked over her shoulder with a sly look at the Guardian, while she stuck her hips out just slightly, causing the cloth of her dress to drape itself over her perfectly formed ass.

"What do you mean - wait, here, now? We don't really...Oh gods. I've missed that" Amelie's thin hand snaked itself along the inside of Samantha's thighs.

"We have a minute or two, at least. We'll have to keep it quiet and quick," said Amelie through an evil grin, "but that's nothing new." She pressed her ass against Sam's leg and crotch, causing her to moan quietly. In almost a whisper, the girl said, "Besides, I have to gooooo..." To accentuate it, she squeezed her thighs against the Guardian.

Unable to help herself, the Guardian slid a hand against the girl's hip bone, pulling her against the woman. Before she realized what she was doing, the other hand had already snaked around the girl's chest, caressing her breast, moving up to her throat. A heavy draw of breath came from the girl, and she hiked her skirt up slowly, still mostly pressed against Sam. Creamy legs were exposed, followed by the girl's beautiful ass, practically glowing in the pale lanternlight. She noted that the girl wasn't wearing undergarments. Sam's mind wandered briefly at the girl's pantiless groin, resting on the pillows in the main tent.

With her one hand holding the girl against her, the other slid down, ever so slowly, caressing each part of the Princess' skin, reveling in her soft pubic mound with its light fuzz. Her fingers felt the girl's pussy, and it was already slick. The merest touch was electric to Amelie, who gasped before sidling herself up, squatting down slightly. She held herself against the cot. Her forbidden places were on display, enticing the Guardian. She kneeled before her Princess, eyes glued to the scene before her.

An innate sensuality caused the girl to rock her hips slightly, moving her ass slowly in a hypnotic circle. "I've had to go all morning, and haven't had a chance to release my water since I awoke. I almost couldn't hold it in the pavilion. I squirted a few times on the pillows. I don't think I can hold it any longer..."

Sam was transfixed. The words from the girl echoed in her head, but her eyes were trapped on the visage in front of her. And just like that, she saw it happen. At first, a tiny trickle escaped her soft pussy lips. The girl tensed briefly, trying to hold it, and then a squirt, tracing its way down her thigh. All of a sudden, the floodgates opened, and she started peeing in earnest, the pale yellow liquid hissing in the quiet of the tent. The outside world fell away as the Guardian watched. Bewitched, her hand reached out, touching the girl's soft lips. And in response, unable to contain herself, the girl pressed herself against Sam's hand, still peeing.

Oh gods...Touching her felt so good. How did it feel so good?

She slid a finger inside the girl as her stream died down, and the girl pressed her body against Sam. Winding hands flailed against the Guardian's body, each touch electric, uncontrollable. It's been so long. How does it feel so...

And then she heard it. A whisper-thin hum, like...Like nothing she'd ever heard before. Amelie, noticing Sam had paused, murmured half in curiosity and half in frustration, "Samantha, what's the matter?"

"I...I'm not sure. Do you hear..." And then she pinpointed the sound. It was coming from the box. The artefact's box. Inside it, illuminated from the cracks in the lid, there was a deep-violet glow.

"My lady, there is witchcraft afoot."

###

At first, there was only the hum. A drone, a croon, a beckoning and a warning. Pale and severe, an elegant whip of strength and beauty, the Knight Bachelor Samantha Greylily stood transfixed as the box called to her. Beside her stood a picture of majestic beauty in bloom. The Princess Amelie Gregorian, heir to the throne of the kingdom known as Nortmund, leaned against the knight, taut in the echo of lust.

Curls, golden and red, cascaded across the younger woman’s face. Her slender body held itself against the strength of her Guardian, her sex enveloping Samantha’s hand. A trail of golden liquid snaked down her thighs, the girl’s fragrant scent carrying through her urine.

The moment felt frozen in time. What could only have been a few seconds stretched into eternity as Samantha’s awareness focused on and was lost in the deepening hum of the artefact a few feet away. A wooden box, latched but shaking, glowed violet in its cracks and hinges. Somehow, some way, Samantha knew it was responding to the Princess’s groan of pleasure. And despite a warning spoken aloud a lifetime ago, both women were moved like marionettes in a theater of action.

Far away from her conscious thought, Samantha’s slender, calloused hand moved, slipping between Amelie’s thighs, sliding inside her, rewarding the Guardian with wide, hungry eyes and a guttural moan.

In a voice that was Amelie’s yet not, she whispered, “Yess…sss……ss. Moooore.” And Samantha could do naught but obey her liege. Though her sane mind futilely cried out, Samantha pulled the other woman close, increasing the intensity of her fingers, feeling the girl’s slickness. Feeling her body pulling, her breath rhythmically increasing. Their eyes locked, drowned in lust and a kind of primal fear both, she brought the girl closer and closer. And the hum grew to be more, to envelop them as the background noise of the universe.

And then the girl came. A sudden buckling, a squirt of the girl’s fluids soaking Samantha’s hands, and then…A pulse. The box lid clattered open, latch broken, and the artefact within pulsed brilliantly and deeply, vibrating their souls. Samantha’s vision bleached out in a rich purple hue, and she thought no more. Riding as a passenger in her own body, she watched the princess hungrily slide the knight’s leggings down, pressing her face against the woman’s thighs, kissing her way to Samantha’s forbidden place.

The way she inhaled the knight’s scent was intoxicating for them both. The way the girl’s tongue touched the woman’s clit felt like electricity. The latter had to steady herself against the table as pleasure began to wrack her. A first orgasm hit her like a blow, and she grabbed the girl’s hair, pushing her deeper between her legs. The Princess was only too eager to grant more benedictions.

It went on for an amount of time that could have been minutes, hours, or years. Finally, Samantha held the panting Amelie still for a moment, and finished the ritual. Her vulva’s lips, inches from the younger girl’s face, suddenly erupted as hot pee shot out of her. Suddenly desperate and unable to control herself, Samantha emptied her bladder violently into the girl’s face and mouth. Golden piss coursed out of her, and the girl swallowed it as though dying of thirst. The way it smelled on her felt so much like it was always meant to be. As Amelie drank, she snuck her hands into Samantha, both her vulva and ass, pulling the woman with her own body, until finally as the knight’s stream died down, a final, exultant orgasm rocked her, and she almost fell.

The artefact’s glow retreated, and its hold over them lessened. The all-consuming drone and color left Samantha’s consciousness. She saw the same happen in Amelie’s eyes. After a moment, an eternity, the girl whispered, “What…What happened?”

Still breathing heavily, the Guardian righted herself, gently pushing the Princess away. “I’m not sure. The artefact seemed to – Did you feel it too?”

Her clothes soaked and skin flushed, Amelie nodded and stood. “It controlled us. But I still loved it. I loved you,” she whispered the last, fiercely, fearfully.

“It’s okay, it’s okay. This was all okay.” She wasn’t sure how to process the girl’s confession of love, and instead focused on the artefact. She cupped her face and kissed it deeply, before rising and moving to the artefact’s container. Beneath the furred robes, Samantha’s pale, toned thighs glistened with wetness. “You should probably change for the journey ahead – it will be bitter beyond the tent.”

“Ye…Yes,” murmured Amelie, a slight amount of disappointment and hurt flashing across her face. As the girl changed, Samantha retrieving from the box a slender, simple, golden rod. It appeared to be pure gold, at least as far as she could tell, and perfectly smooth. Hesitantly, she touched it, and was relieved when nothing happened. At least, nothing bad. As Samantha’s hand closed over the rod, she felt as though it knew her. Knew and…Approved? The Guardian didn’t know how that could be possible, yet she was certain of the knowledge. She slid the rod into a pocket within her vest, where it sat, heavy. She had a feeling it would always make itself known.

From there, the two prepared in quiet for a long journey ahead. The road, Samantha knew, would be unknown and treacherous. She risked an occasional glance back at the girl, found herself embarrassed to see her eyes locked against hers. Could the girl tell?

Could she tell that Samantha – despite the futility and forbidden fact of it – loved her too?
