In Space No One Can Hear You Pee - A Sci Fi Desperation Story

Author: Bangarang

*000*2023-10-29 18:41

Inspiration hit me for the first time in a while, and so I got this story started, please see the below for part 1! This mainly sets the scene, introduces characters etc, more of the 'fun' stuff to follow! As always, comments, feedback and constructive criticism all welcome 🙂

Part One

A quiet, but persistent dinging sound echoed through the small room aboard the space station that Engineer 2nd Class James Monroe called home.

James stirred, rolling onto his side as if trying to escape the noise, before rolling further and suddenly waking with a wince as he laid directly on his very full bladder.

‘If you don’t turn that off I’m gonna smash it.’ Came a voice from the other bed in the room, currently occupied by his on again off again girlfriend and room-mate, Security Operative Carla Simmons.

‘Alright alright…’ Said James, sitting up and running a hand through his short black hair, stifling a yawn as he did so.

‘You look as rough as I feel.’ Laughed Carla, rising and looking through her overhead locker for something, ‘James I swear to god cancel that notification on the console or else.'

James laughed to himself, tempted to let the communicator ring out a few more times but deciding against it, while they were currently in an off again phase, they were on good terms and he didn’t want to do anything to risk that.

‘Thank you, roomie.’ She said with a sarcastic smile.

‘You’re welcome. Got any anti hangover pills for my great service?’ James asked, scratching at the stubble on his cheeks.

Carla leaned further into the locker, giving James an eyeful of her generously proportioned rear end as she did so, ‘Way ahead of you big guy.’ She said as she retrieved a small box from within the locker.

‘You’re a life saver. How many beers did we get through last night?’ James asked, not sure he actually wanted the answer.

Carla swallowed a pill before replying, ‘Too many. Enough that I really need to hit the ladies room even though I had to get up and go through the night. But you know, need the pill first.’ She tossed the box to him.

‘Don’t even mention bathrooms, I need it to, and I didn’t get up through the night!’ James took his pill, feeling the hangover symptoms begin to dissipate already, then frowned suddenly, ‘Huh. That’s odd.’

Carla was pulling her shoes on, getting ready to depart to their floors bathroom, ‘What is?’

‘I had this on do not disturb,’ He replied, pressing buttons on the communicator console, ‘it must be serious.’

The display suddenly sprang to life, rendering a 3d hologram of ABI, the ship’s computer system’s avatar. ABI today had the appearance of a stern middle aged woman in a white business suit with silver hair cropped short.

@@‘Good morning all Crew. I regret to inform there is a ship wide maintenance issue, particularly with the plumbing. Please do not be alarmed, there is no risk of serious harm, but there may be some discomfort until this is resolved. I have been informed from my subsystems that due to a currently unknown issue all of the bathrooms aboard this vessel are currently malfunctioning and are unsafe for use. The emergency overflow bathroom has been unlocked and is available for use however, so please use this relief area only until the situation is resolved. Furthermore while the Brighten corporation acknowledges that the amount of available bathrooms has been vastly reduced, we note that there still is one available. Therefore the usual fines for urination outside of a designated relief area will still apply. With this in mind, please wait if you can, and keep the emergency bathroom free for shipmates with severe need of it. I will keep you updated on this matter as it progresses.’ ABI stated matter of factly, displaying graphics showing the locations of the malfunctioning bathrooms, and the single working one aboard the ship.

James turned to look at Carla, ‘Not good. I hope they fix this soon, I’m busting, and I know there’s gonna be a huge line!’

Carla gulped, looking at the box the hangover pills had been in, ‘We’re about to be even more busting.’

James looked towards what had caused this reaction and felt his bladder tighten as he read the message written in bold font on the back of the box, ‘Caution! Strong Diuretic.’

To be continued....

*003*2023-10-30 23:30

Thanks all for the interest, encouragement and feedback, it really helps! I'm pleased to be able to post part 2 a lot sooner than I had thought! This part is longer with some more of the 'fun' parts to it, I hope you enjoy! As always, comments, feedback and constructive criticism all welcome!

Part Two

“Which way?’ Asked Carla, stepping from foot to foot, an unmistakeable needy look on her face, as her red curls waved from side to side.

James was looking at his wrist mounted computer screen, frowning in concentration as he squeezed his thighs together rhythmically, ‘Left.’ He declared after a moment, ‘no wait, it's right, sorry.’

‘Left or right come on I need a pee here!’ Snapped Carla frustrated.

‘You’re not the only one, it’s right anyway, here just round this corner.’ James said, leading the way before coming to a sudden stop. ‘Damn it…’

‘What is it?’ Said Carla apprehensively as she followed. ‘oh.’

It was instantly clear to her what had aggravated James a soon as she also rounded the corner.

In front of her Carla could see one of the longest bathroom lines she had ever encountered in her life, it seemed half of the entire ship was dealing with a full bladder at the same time given the sheer amount of crossed legs, marching on the spot, wiggling around and rear end shaking she was currently able to see from the crowd.

‘This is a nightmare…’ James mumbled to himself, eyes briefly setting on a blonde middle aged woman who was shaking her ample rear side to side in desperate wiggling so dramatic it was a wonder she hadn’t knocked anyone over.

‘It’s too long, most are never gonna make it unless they get the other bathrooms working asap.’ Carla agreed, noting that the young man in front of her that she recognised as one of the ships newest recruits was already looking like he would struggle to make it five more minutes without a soaked uniform, as he squeezed a vice like grip down on his crotch.

‘There must be something we can do?’ Questioned James, looking down the line and at the pipes overhead.

‘Hold that thought.’ Said Carla, lifting her wrist to her eyeline, her communicator vibrating and flashing a notification light, ‘It’s ABI.’

The communicator sprung to life, revealing another hologram of ABI, smaller this time than the one back in their room.

‘Security Operative Carla Simmons. You are required on the next floor, there is a disturbance in one of the dorms.’ ABI said in a tone that suggested she expected no argument.

‘Right now, ABI?’ Carla queried.

‘Indeed. You are the closest active Security Member. Is there a problem?’ ABI asked back, seemingly genuinely surprised.

‘Yes. No. Well, I am currently in line for the overflow bathroom.’ Carla asked, her cheeks flushing slightly in embarrassment.

‘I see. You are suffering bladder distress?’ ABI asked.

‘You could say that….James stop laughing!’ Carla replied giving him a withering glance.

‘Is it an emergency? Are you going to wet your uniform?’ ABI inquired, in a manner that if Carla didn’t know better, she would have thought was amusement.

‘No….not yet anyway.’ Carla conceded.

‘Then please attend to the disturbance and I will ensure you get to relieve yourself as soon as possible.’ ABI said before in a flash she disappeared from the communicator.

‘Sorry Carla,’ James said, fighting back a chuckle.

‘Fantastic.’ She replied sarcastically.

###

Carla walked down the corridor tensely, it may have been only in her head but she could swear she could feel her bladder sloshing around like a water balloon with every step. She was familiar with this area, and new there were many hiding places she could duck behind and relieve herself of her fluid burden, even one little squirt set free would feel fantastic...but she couldn’t think that way or there was no chance she could remain professional enough to deal with the disturbance.

‘ABI?’ She said, raising her communicator to eye level once again.

A light flashed and ABI appeared once more, ‘Yes Carla?’

‘What am I heading into here?’

ABI’s hologram shrunk to a smaller size and moved to the side of the holographic display, making room for a selection of videos and images showing the area she was headed towards and subjects involved, ‘Domestic disturbance. The Williams Sisters are in a confrontation that may turn physical.’

Carla pursed her lips, this wasn’t so bad, the Williams Sisters were hot heads but largely harmless, as apprentice engineers in their early twenties they usually didn’t need much to get them back under control.

‘What caused it?’ She asked.

‘One moment.’ Said ABI, ‘Scanning. Inconclusive. But it appears Eve has lost control of her bladder and blames Rowan.’

Carla paused now outside the Williams' room, the sound of shouting echoing from within, ‘Are you serious, ABI?’

‘Yes. Good luck, Carla.’ Said ABI as she vanished.

Carla pushed her head back towards the ceiling taking a deep breath to steel herself, and treated herself to a good hard squeeze with her right hand between her legs to master the need still radiating from there, before pressing the doors control panel.

###

‘It’s your fault!’ Yelled Eve, as she threw her soaked pants into the laundry pile.

‘You’re kidding right? How is it my fault you wet your pants, little miss tinkles!’ Laughed Rowan backing away from her sister.

‘No you’re kidding! You literally tickled me!’ Eve said incredulously.

‘For like one second! You should be able to hold it in through that! God no wonder you never get a second date, are you hosing down the guys every night?’ Rowan teased.

‘I hate you!’ Eve yelled, just as Carla walked into the room.

‘Alright ladies, that’s enough!’ Carla called with authority.

The sisters stopped and turned to look, their blonder hair whipping behind their shoulders as they turned, surprised.

‘Haven’t you heard of knocking?’ Asked Eve.

‘Yeah and who asked for your input?’ Agreed Rowan.

Carla just tapped the security badge on her uniform and raised an eyebrow, ‘Are we done here?’

Rowan nodded but Eve shook her head, ‘No! I want justice!’ Eve said.

‘Justice? For what, and how so?’ Carla asked, leaning against the wall and crossing her legs in a way she hoped was casual enough to not reveal her envy of Eve’s recently emptied bladder.

‘She literally made me pee my pants!’ Eve said pointing at her sister, ‘And now I’m gonna get fined!’

‘Well lets just check that, ABI?’ Carla called.

Her communicator lit up and ABI’s voice emerged, ‘Unfortunately the Brighten corporation has still not amended its stance on relief in non authorised relief zones, I am unable to overrule this matter. My apologies.’

‘Oh just great!’ Eve said.

‘God relax would you? I’ll pay you the money for the fine if it means that much to you.’ Rowan said rolling her eyes.

‘It’s not even about that,’ Eve replied, ‘you always do stuff like this, just cause you’re a little older than me.’

‘I do not!’ Protested Rowan.

‘You do, and I’m sick of it! I want you off the ship, Officer Carla I want to raise a grievance and eviction request!’ Eve said turning to their guest.

‘Are you sure?’ Carla said with a frown ‘That’s a pretty serious request, is there nothing else we can do instead? You guys always seem to make up usually.’

Eve paused, thinking for a moment, ‘Well….some revenge might make it up to me.’

‘Revenge?’ Carla said surprised.

‘What are you talking about?’ Rowan said, moving nervously around.

Suddenly, ABI blinked to life on the communicator console in the sister’s room, her hologram appearing at it’s larger size.

‘If I could make a suggestion, ladies?’ She asked, ‘My scans indicate that Rowan is hiding a full bladder.’

All eyes turned to Rowan as she crossed her legs very tightly.

‘I have an idea.’ Eve said with a wicked grin.

###

