The Show That Can’t Be Made

Author: BeyondBursting

*000*2026-01-07 23:43

This story features extreme holding combined with orgasm denial. Read on if that’s your thing. This is only the beginning.

—

"The TV show that can’t be made," the Facebook post read. It was cryptic, a digital riddle, but it was exactly the kind of thing that caught Sophia’s eye. More importantly, it was the mention of the €75,000 grand prize that truly spoke to her.

"DM for more info," the caption concluded.

Two days passed before an extensive reply landed in her inbox.

"Hi, thanks for reaching out! Let me introduce myself. I’m Jake. Forty-five years old and, thanks to a sizable inheritance, quite well-off. I know everything I’m about to tell you is going to sound like a scam, but I promise you: it’s the real deal.

For years, I’ve been haunted by a TV format that no network would ever touch. I’ve played it out in my mind a thousand times, knowing full well it would never see the light of day. So, I made a decision: I’m going to produce it myself. It’ll be a show that no one will ever see but me. Why? Because I enjoy doing interesting things with my money, and I refuse to die before seeing this vision come to life.

For this project, I am looking for six contestants to participate in a show centered entirely around omorashi and orgasm denial. I’m searching for individuals who already share an interest in these themes, people who are willing to push their limits for a chance to win a life-changing amount of money.

Filming will last one week and takes place in two months. Think it over. And make sure you don't speak of this to anyone. This program is not intended for the public eye."

Sophia stared at the screen, stunned. Her first instinct was that this had to be a scam, yet the message took root in her mind, lingering for days. If it were real, her reputation would remain untarnished. After all, no one would ever see the footage. And if it were a lie? Well, she had nothing left to lose.

At twenty-three, she was in the middle of a gap year, and her modeling gigs weren't paying the bills like she’d hoped. This prize money could fund the trip she’d been dreaming of for years. Besides, her curiosity about exploring the deeper edges of her sexuality was becoming impossible to ignore.

And so, on March 13th at 11:40 AM, she stepped off the train in Frankfurt. She had been given an address for an introductory meeting. She considered stopping at a station restroom to relieve herself, but she was already running late. I’ll just go there, she thought.

Her heart hammered against her ribs as she reached out and pressed the buzzer.

Buzzz.

The door clicked open, revealing a staircase leading straight up. She smoothed down her skirt, casting a wary glance over her shoulder before stepping inside. One last time, she felt for the canister of pepper spray in her bag. If this man had darker intentions, she wouldn't be caught off guard.

She emerged into a small, dim room. There were no windows, only a sofa, a coffee table, and a camera mounted directly above it.

"Welcome," a voice crackled through the speakers. "I’m glad you actually showed up."

Sophia looked around, her eyes searching the shadows.

"Have a seat. Make yourself comfortable. I understand you’re nervous, but I assure you, there’s no need to be."

"I thought this was an introduction?" Sophia replied, her voice cautious. "Am I not going to see you?"

"Not today," the voice echoed through the room. "But you may ask me anything."

And so began an open, honest conversation with a man who, for now, remained a ghost. Strangely, his voice acted as an anchor, steadying her nerves. Despite the bizarre circumstances, Sophia felt a growing sense of trust.

On the table sat a contract and a pen. The voice invited her to sign.

She skimmed the pages: One week. Consent to relinquish control. Zero footage leakage. Strict non-disclosure. A €75,000 prize for the winner.

"You’re not going to rape me, are you?" Sophia asked, her voice ringing clear in the empty room.

"Don't worry," the voice replied calmly. "Quite the opposite. Everything we do is built on a foundation of trust and consent. All I require is your cooperation. Nothing will happen against your will."

"How can I be certain the footage stays private?" she pressed.

"Everything we record is encrypted and stored in a vault only I can access. I’ll take the code to my grave. You have my word. Why do you ask?"

Sophia sighed.

"Because my parents are deeply religious. They can never know I was part of this. They used to check on me to make sure I wasn't masturbating... I can’t even imagine what they’d think of this."

"Well," the voice teased, a hint of a smile in his tone. "Perhaps they’d be proud. After all, you won't be doing any masturbating here."

Sophia took the pen and signed her name.

A small motorized hatch clicked open on the left wall, revealing a sleek, metallic object.

"I’d like you to change in the booth in the back and put on this chastity belt," he instructed.

Sophia stared at the belt, fascinated. She had seen things like this in videos online, but never in person. This one was different, more compact, solid. Unlike the ones on the internet, this one had no openings at the bottom. The reality of it was thrilling. She appreciated the chance to test the fit before the actual filming began.

She asked if there was a restroom nearby, but the voice assured her the process wouldn't take long.

"I can hold it a bit longer," she murmured to herself.

In the dressing booth, the device fit perfectly. It was like a second skin. It was so snug that any contact with her own body was completely blocked. A small, strategically placed contour even sealed off her anatomy entirely on the inside. The realization that she wouldn't be able to touch herself for a full week sent a faint surge of arousal through her. This was the most exhilarating thing she had ever done. A secret hidden from the world, a thrill that was hers and hers alone.

"How are we doing in there?" the voice echoed through the room.

Sophia called back, telling him the fit was perfect. "Like it was made for me."

"Can you show me?" he asked.

Sophia stepped tentatively out of the booth, performing a shy, slow turn in the center of the empty room. She waited for a confirmation that could only come in the form of sound.

"Perfect," the voice said. "Now, place the key by the hatch and get dressed."

Sophia froze, her brain struggling to process the command.

"I’m… I’m taking it off first, right?" she asked, her voice wavering.

"No. Absolutely not. You leave it on. Put your skirt on over it."

Confusion clouded Sophia’s face as she retreated to the booth to dress.

When she returned to the sofa, the cold weight of the metal was a constant presence beneath her clothes. It wasn't exactly uncomfortable, but her mind was racing with a thousand questions.

To her left, the hatch slid shut, taking the key with it.

"On May 8th, you are expected at a warehouse I’ve converted into a full studio, along with five other contestants," the voice explained. "That’s when we truly begin. Until then, it is vital that you acclimate to the lack of control over your own needs. Hence, the belt."

Sophia’s heart dropped. While dressing, the sensation of the metal had sparked a faint, flickering arousal. She had already been picturing herself going home and having a "moment" to herself to process the day, but that door was now firmly shut.

The voice continued: "As you noticed, the seal is absolute. It ensures that masturbation is impossible... and so is urination."

Sophia’s breath caught in her throat. She scrambled to look at the contract she had just signed.

There it was, buried in the third paragraph. She had signed it away. There was no going back.

"I’m sorry, but I already had to go when I got here," Sophia said, a nervous, high-pitched laugh escaping her. "How exactly is this supposed to work? We don't even start for another month and a half."

"Of course you need to relieve yourself. I’m not a sadist," the voice replied smoothly. "This is simply to ensure you arrive at the taping disciplined and ready to win. The device is fully sealed except for the rear. However, every morning at 8:00 AM and every evening at 8:00 PM, the bottom plate will slide open automatically. You will have a two-minute window for hygiene and to use the restroom. You’ll see for yourself tonight. Every three days, you can recharge the unit via USB-C."

With that final instruction, Sophia was ushered out. She walked out into the Frankfurt air, her senses completely overwhelmed and her bladder increasingly heavy.

It was 1:00 PM. Seven hours to go until she could find relief.

*006*2026-01-09 16:48

{{On 1/8/2026 at 6:16 AM, Normie Fella said:

Damn... That was a great start, not too much, not too little, PERFECTO!!! Would like to see the next part soon

}}

Thanks 🤩

