A Chaotic Commute

Author: BurstShrimp68

*000*2022-05-24 00:36

Author's Note(s): This is my first fiction story here, so I'm quite happy to share it. The main character (Miyuki Tanuma) is heavily inspired (basically meant to be), the original character of the same name by Accio. It's not super often that I see an omo fic with a plus-sized or chubby lead and I absolutely adored the art of Accio's character so I used that as a base to work off of. I'll probably be more original with characters in my future non-fanfic works.

$$

It was one of Miyuki’s first days in college. She had been looking forward to it for weeks despite what her other friends kept claiming about college being “boring”, or “way too much work” to handle. But none of this deterred Miyuki’s spirits. She was studious but not to the point of sacrificing many things due to time when outside of school. Miyuki was admittedly overweight but not to an extreme, with a more column-like build. Sturdy in balance but soft in her features. She did sometimes feel insecure about her weight back when she was in high school, but she never let it get to her. In fact, now she was happy with her body. She was wearing a white shirt with a blue skirt alongside white socks and her favorite brown loafers.

It was the tail-end of August so the Summer heat hadn’t yet subsided. The heat of this day in particular was quite bothersome for everyone on campus. Never really to the point of anyone being in much distress or in harm’s way, but enough to make everyone a little more dreary, agitated, and focused on hydration. Miyuki was no different, though she always kept hydrated regardless of temperature. Though she would usually drink more than her peers due to her being afraid of losing water through sweating.

Luckily for her, the day was nearing an end. Only one lecture left, and that lecture was already about halfway done. Miyuki was a little lonesome as she hadn’t yet made a lot of friends on campus. The day was uneventful, not really boring per se but nothing of note had happened. Miyuki had been drinking quite a bit more than normal however, and had been peeing more often as a result. She always had found it awkward to have to ask to go or “sign out” of a classroom, prompting to usually put off peeing until she really needed to. But now that she was in college, those issues were behind her.

No more embarrassing sign-out sheets, no more having to ask teachers for permission to use the bathroom. Miyuki could still clearly remember very close-calls in her senior year of high school when a teacher would deny permission due to time constraints, or the times where the bathrooms were locked during class transitions to prevent loitering which only served as a torture to Miyuki’s bursting bladder as she was forced to hold until she arrived at class, ask the teacher to go, sign out, wait for the bathrooms to unlock, and only then, after all of that, finally get to pee. But those days of tedium and bladder torture were behind her.

Miyuki was only halfway paying attention to her professor, he was an elderly man, and while his lecturing style was surprisingly energetic and engaging for his age, she couldn’t help from being a little bored by the lecture which was simply the professor reviewing the syllabus that he had given to everyone. Miyuki simply sat up and pretended to care, nodding her head on occasion, waiting for the clock to hit 2:30, bringing her boredom to an end. She sipped on a bottle of water as she listened, not realizing that this was her second bottle of water within the hour. She had downed the first one when she arrived at the lecture hall, having walked in the sun to get to the lecture. She had just peed before this lecture began so she never thought much of it. As the class ended, Miyuki was rereading her syllabus as she finished her water bottle, but realized she was confused about something on it, so when she got up, she decided to ask the professor something.

“So, Mr. Greene, on here it says this analysis essay has to be on something of ‘literary merit’ but I’m not sure what that means exactly.”

“Oh, that means it should be a book that has been noted for things such as realistic characterization, standing the test of time, etc. I can talk about it more next week during my office hours if you need help, or send an email.”

“Thank you professor.”

“Pardon, but before you leave, I never caught your name.”

“I’m Miyuki. Miyuki Tanuma. I’ll email you today or tomorrow, thank you again.”

Miyuki then left the lecture hall, proud of herself, when she was around her friends she had an air of confidence, but regarding authority figures, she always seemed less confident. Perhaps this was part of why she always found it awkward to ask permission to use the bathroom and waited until she was absolutely bursting to do so.

She continued walking and eventually got outside. The heat of the sun hit her immediately, causing her to turn around and head back into the building. She was eyeing a vending machine, seeing something inside. It was a generic soda, but she was never picky about branding when it came to food or drink. She happily paid the 2 dollars and plucked out a bottle. She decided to sip it on her way to the bus stop outside. Her commute was decent, about forty-five minutes to an hour, depending on the buses that day. She walked for about 5 minutes until she reached the stop. The sun was still glaring down at her in its red-hot anger. She was waiting alongside a few other people from campus who she never met.

“Damn it… this heat is horrific, I can’t believe it. I already finished almost all my soda.” She mutters to herself, shaking the quickly depleting refreshment.

Miyuki was slowly growing impatient. She decided to finish what was left of her soda, placing the bottle into her bag to throw away later. 5 more minutes go by and Miyuki is shifting foot to foot subtly. She doesn’t even notice her movements, but as her impatience grows, something else slowly begins to bother her.

Miyuki sees a bus in the distance, as it is stopped by a red light leading up to the stop. Miyuki fumbled her wallet, digging out her card to swipe onto the bus. By the time the bus arrived, she had just finished and walked on after everyone else. Swiping her card she got lucky and found a seat. However the bus was still somewhat crowded, which would have not been good for the heat. However, the bus did have some air conditioning, making everything a lot more bearable. Miyuki began to listen to some music, tapping her feet to it, but as she settled in the cool seat, she noticed an urge to pee. She didn’t think much of it however, simply continuing to listen to the music. Eventually after a few minutes however, her urge seemed to grow from a minor nuisance to a noticeable need. She clicked off to another song, Stains of Time to be exact.

She was picking intense music to try and distract herself. Though she couldn’t help but debate whether or not the music was helping distract her or making her need grow worse. She paid attention to some of the lyrics and couldn't help but feel that the song was secretly tormenting her, ‘Wash away the anger! Here I stand beneath the warm and soothing rain! The droplets falling gently down on the terrain!’ Miyuki was trying to just listen to the music to distract herself from her rapidly filling bladder, but kept noticing this hidden torment. ‘And it will come like a flood of pain! Pouring down on me!’ Only then did Miyuki realize that listening to Metal Gear Rising music would have been a decent idea if she hadn’t picked Monsoon’s theme of all things. She paused the video and just tried to calm down. She felt a little panicky now.

‘It’s okay Miyuki. You’re an adult now, just take a deep breath and just don’t worry. You’ll be home and you’ll be able to pee. You can hold it until then. It’s not even that bad.’ Miyuki was thinking to herself, while zoning out. She wasn’t fidgeting too much but her foot tapping refused to cease for the next few minutes. Miyuki was confident that she had a large bladder, one that has been trained in the past by long days of school or road trips. But upon recalling how much she drank, Miyuki began to plant the seeds of doubt. Her inner nerd began to come out more.

‘So I know I drank that soda earlier, but that would be almost nothing, what else was there…? Wait, I drank that one water bottle during class, wait. No. Two, there was the one before class. Damn, how much was that? 500ml per bottle? Then another 500-600ml from the soda… Fuck, I drank 1500ml!?’ Miyuki’s thoughts were racing and she began to sweat anxiously, realizing that she drank so much, some of which was already rushing to her bladder. She could feel almost as if it was expanding like a water balloon.

Miyuki began to try and imagine something to distract herself further, she picked her phone back up from her lap, watching a video of two characters dueling, Obi-Wan Kenobi a master defense, and the other, General Grievous a cybernetic menace with four arms all poised to attack the Jedi Master. Miyuki was distracted for another few minutes until her bladder made itself known again. She began to imagine herself as similar to Obi-Wan, pushed on the defensive, and Grievous as her desperation to pee, threatening to strike from any angle, at any time. Miyuki had used daydreaming of scenarios like this in the past to distract herself when she had to pee, but this time, it felt even more visceral.

Miyuki’s daydreaming of imaginary combat continued for a little while longer, but the personification of her bladder became an unhinged beast, growing and changing forms, getting stronger, and as such, harder to ignore with mere daydreams. Miyuki lost focus of her daydream from a spike in her desperation caused by a bump in the road, immediately her thighs pressed even harder together, with her hand being launched near her crotch. She wasn’t grabbing at anything however, desperately trying to maintain her dignity. Her mind was locked in a back and forth as her desperation spiraled.

‘Come on! You can’t grab yourself like this! You’re in public!’

‘But this is really getting bad!’

‘Unlike back when you were in school, there’s no desk to hide your hands!’

‘I still have to wait another ten minutes to get off this bus!’ She continued to internally argue with herself until a sudden red light put an end to the argument.

Miyuki felt a jolt as the bus stopped short while her eyes were closed. Taken off balance she almost felt a leak, but she did not feel any wetness. Her hands were now buried in between her skirt and her chubby legs were beginning to jiggle. She was doing everything in her power to hold it in.

“Mommy! Look! She must really have to pee!” a little boy who couldn’t have been older than 7 jeered in Miyuki’s direction.

Miyuki immediately froze up and turned beet red, noticing some other people had heard and were looking near her and the source of the remark.

“No, don’t say things like that, it’s very rude.” The child’s mother said. “I’m so sorry, my son is being rambunctious today. Please forgive us.”

Miyuki made a strained smile to try and hide her raw embarrassment “I-it's fine m-miss…” Miyuki stammered.

Miyuki was trying to do her best to not let her hands be drawn to her crotch again, but her legs still jiggled, and her bladder was only getting fuller. After a mere two minutes, her hands jolted back to her crotch as another stop caught her off guard. The boy and his mother got off a stop or two later, and Miyuki caught the child staring at her while snickering to himself. Though aside from him, nobody seemed to care about her plight,as they were too busy using their phones. Miyuki’s daydream of characters in combat crawled back.

Miyuki’s daydreaming self was locked in a clash trying to hold back an unstoppable force. Her bladder was like the Alduin to her Dragonborn, or the Senator Armstrong to her Raiden. Her hands were locked to her crotch and her legs just kept jiggling, beads of sweat forming on her legs and forehead. When she got closer to her stop, she immediately got up but instantly regretted her motion. She crossed her legs and squeezed her thighs together as hard as she could, clenching up her muscles to prevent a leak. She hobbled off the bus, and was only a few blocks away from home now.

‘Fuck fuck fuck! This is the worst I’ve ever had to pee in my life!’ Miyuki thought to herself. Every step she took sent shockwaves through her mind and bladder.

She felt the sloshing of the pent-up liquid and could not even comprehend how good it would feel to release it. She continued moving onward, trying to walk normally, but utterly failing as her gait was wobbly, and her hands were still latched onto her crotch. They were practically digging into her skirt, acting as a faulty cork to her bursting bottle of that hot pent-up pee. She had been walking for another few minutes, stopping every twenty or so steps to squeeze and clench her muscles. She was so close, only a little further from home. Her daydreams began to run wildly in her mind, as if her monstrous bladder was gaining strength and threatening to drag her down into an accident, but with every step she took, she fought back, and kept up the defense. With her hands grasping her skirt, she kept walking forward, seeing her house, she began to hobble faster, until she reached the steps. The change in altitude made her bladder feel even worse, but she made it to the door.

“Shit! My keys!” Miyuki was forced to take her hands off of her crotch to dig for her keys in her bag. Her legs were moving and her whole body was jiggling, trying in vain to contain the monsoon of pee without the use of her hands as a defense. While digging around she suddenly felt a wave of desperation and shoved her hands between her legs again, and she felt a leak. The leak had formed a sizable wet spot about the size of a softball on her skirt where her hands were jammed. But Miyuki hadn’t fully noticed and refused to lose the fight just yet, she clenched her muscles as hard as possible to end the stream and she continued searching in her bag.

Eventually after about twenty more seconds, she grabbed the key and with one hand jammed back between her legs, she opened the door, and waddled inside. Closing the door behind her, an even stronger wave of desperation crashed into her. Both hands were jammed in her skirt as she gyrated, throwing off her bag and hobbling to the bathroom. Thankfully she made it without any additional leaks. Miyuki saw the toilet and she felt an even stronger surge of pressure. Without even thinking she tore her dampened pink panties down, and before she could sit on the toilet, a forceful torrent of pee erupted from her.

The torrent of pee colliding with the water was a stark contrast to the “droplets falling gently down” that she heard before in the music. She was in tears of pure unadulterated bliss, letting out a very soft and cute sigh. In her daydreams, the heros had finally beaten the villains. She kept going and going, her stream remaining powerful for a good fifty or so seconds before dying down to a relatively normal yet still plentiful trickle. Eventually her stream petered out. She was still in heaven, sighing again.

“Ahhh fuck… so much… better.” Miyuki then got up and she inspected the damage. “Dammit. My panties got soaked. What? Does my skirt have a wet spot? I don’t think I’ve ever had a leak like that before.” Miyuki decided to shower, and reflect on what happened.

In the shower, she felt almost foolish for drinking so much, and felt extremely embarrassed about the boy on the bus and how she resorted to holding herself in public like that. But a tiny part of her couldn’t help but feel mesmerized, perhaps aroused by it, the sheer bliss she felt finally getting to pee after being denied by her body and circumstances.

Maybe this was also a part of why she always waited so long to ask for the bathroom in school, she may have enjoyed the desperate dance, and then the rush of relief. Come to think of it, that awkwardness and chance of denial all this time made her more aware of these feelings of bliss and controlled anxiousness or excitement. But this time, she was at her absolute limit, quite probably beyond it. Miyuki decided to pleasure herself, while recounting and reimagining to herself her experiences with her absolutely bursting bladder. She eventually finished and left the shower, feeling cleaner, but also as if something awakened inside of her.

She picked up her phone and began to text a close friend of hers.

‘Yo, y’know that omorashi stuff we made jokes about? Turns out, that happened to me in real life today.’ it read.

And after this, she and her friend had a long conversation, she told them what had happened to her, and thus, here the story ends.

*004*2022-05-26 01:48

Thanks for the feedback, I’m flattered. I’ve had some barebones experience writing omo fics in the past but don’t plan to publish those older works. Maybe soon I’ll begin to write another one.

*006*2022-05-26 02:22

{{14 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

What were those older fics about just out of curiosity?

}}

Mostly just (what I think were) poorly done fanfics I made to practice writing omo scenarios

