A Special Team Up: A Marvel Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2020-04-18 23:19

Brief introduction:

In the past few weeks the Avengers have found out that nefarious supervillain known as Dr Doom has been work with another villain known as Kang the conqueror. This found out by Avengers leader Captain America just recently were he found out by Mr Fantastic heard that Doom operates in a nearby Hydra underground lair, Mr Fantastic and Cap teamed up to infiltrate the base but no sign of him, Cap’s companion believes Doom is operating in his castle in Latveria. Steve Rogers generated a team to infiltrate Doom’s castle and to find out what the deal with him and Kang is.

The special team consists of Black Widow, Scarlet Witch, Wasp and as leader of the group Captain Marvel. The heroes have just recently boarded onto the Quinjet to start their mission, you’ll think that this team would be so powerful because it’s made up of the most powerful female Avengers, but these girls’ stories will be different to what you might think what happens.

All of these girls were very pretty and were just like your average girl, tall and has a charming personality. One of them was very different and that was Scarlet Witch who’s alter ego is Wanda Maximoff, the fierce girl who the Avengers saved in the Battle Of Sokovia. She is still tormented by the fact her brother died which causes her to have very dark nightmares, most of the time she wakes up to find out that she pissed the bed. Another thing is that all the other members besides Wanda all have peeing fetish and today was the day Wanda become like her teammates.

###

Story:

High above the skies of New York our team of strong and power female Avengers were ready for the adventure they will have, but they sort of didn’t really get on to good. Wanda was the more quiet one whereas Carol was the more talkative one, Natasha was the deadly one and Hope was the funny one. On the way Wanda made a very bad mistake she drank heaps of water before coming on board and she was quite desperate to pee. She informed their leader, but there was nothing Carol could do because the inflight bathroom hasn’t been fixed yet so the only thing poor Wanda could do was try her best to hold it in.

Natasha turned to face her desperate companion and said to her “That’s why you should wear a diaper.” Black Widow was actually a big lover of pee fetishes, every morning she would wake up very early drink too much water and use the toilet with her pyjamas pants not pulled down. Sometimes she even sleeps naked and she still does the same thing but she plays around with herself when naked, this is usually masterbating.

Natasha only got into wearing diapers when she first meet Tony Stark, before of all this fame she has now a long time ago she was Russian spy. She had many accidents while as a spy, this was because she was young and wasn’t shown how to properly control your bladder. Anyway Widow is even more crazy that she makes her own diapers because the regular ones used to give away her position because of the smell of her piss or her shit. These ones she designed traps the stink so no one can smell it.

Wasp is the complete opposite, even know she would love to wear a diaper under her suit she can’t because the suit was designed to fit just on the body and it does properly close if you very baggy or big panties underneath. She loves make jokes and she’s always a nice person to meet because of her funny characteristic and her overall appearance just makes you happy to be with her.

Finally, the Captain! Carol Danvers Danvers was an officer in the United States Air Force were her passion for wetting herself on purpose came from. It started in a bar with her Air Force friend Maria Rambeau were the two of them got so drunk that they both wet themselves under the table and that accident turned Danvers on so much. She also keeps a empty water bottle in her jet plane in case she needs to go and luckily there is an autopilot feature.

You thought Natasha was weird get a look at Carol! She purposely wet her bed, woke up early go outside strip naked and pees on her lawn or in one of garbage bins or a fan favourite of hers make sure to drink a lot of water the night before successfully hold it overnight, wake up at 5 am (usually her normal wake up time), drink more water wait for it to settle and add to the load just waiting to leave her system. Shortly after it’s been added, race to the backyard and start peeing on the garden and grabs her pussy and proceeds to hold it in once again and then walks over to were she would go when she pees on the lawn and releases it all there.

She also become a colleague of the Kree superhero Mar-Vell, who taught her to fight, use her newly developed powers and also to teacher her how to successfully hold in your pee for a whole battle. She was in the great Kree Vs Skurlls war of what Earth would call the 90s and joined in 1995.

Wanda absolutely was in agonising pain, her poor body could not hold it in much longer, she couldn’t take this anymore she belted out saying “Carol please I have to go so badly please stop somewhere, please!”

“Look, there is no way that I will be stopping anywhere for you to go. But I suggest if you don’t want to go in your clothes I have an empty water here for you to go in.” The temptation of her just letting go was springing up to her, but she fought it through, she really didn’t want to ruin her clothes because she thought it to be silly to fight bad guys with a wet pants.

It was inevitable what she chose, she reached out to grab the bottle, then placed it in the drink holder and then pulled down her pants. She pulled off her almost damp panties, lucky she didn’t start leaking yet. She completely naked from the waist down that didn’t make her embarrassed by other watching her nude because before Sokoiva her brother and herself were tested in a lab in a Hydra base because Hydra wanted to use their powers to bring back the old war of S.H.I.E.L.D. vs Hydra of the 1940s and beyond.

In these tests she was mostly naked with Hydra scientists watching her, she actually got used to being seen naked as this was the reason she always sleeps naked. She gripped the bottle towards her vagina and in seconds her brain must’ve clicked thinking the bottle was a toilet and immediately shoot out her golden stream. Her golden stream was so yellow and was so warm that she though she was peeing spa water, every inch of it perfectly landed into the bottle. Later on the whole bottle was full, but she kept going she walks over to the back of the Quinjet with her golden stream still coming out as she looks for the janitor’s equipment that contains a bucket and release the rest in it. It was a shame that Scarlet Witch never knew how to plunger a toilet properly, it could have saved her life!

To Be Continued...

*001*2020-04-25 22:40

They finally arrived shortly after poor Wanda’s desperation, but the Captain of ship, Carol Danvers was starting to feel the urge to go. She whispered to herself “Carol. Hold it in like a big girl.” So that’s what she did. Just then Doom’s henchmen caught them, which led to a big fight, which resulted in The All Star Studded Female Avengers team wining. Danvers bladder was starting to fill up and that was bad, but coming from probably the most prolific female wetter it did scare her. She is actually comfortable with things like this because of a mission during the Kree–Skrull War of the 1990s.

The mission was to spy on a group of Skrulls because just the day before the Kree wanted to send a fleet of starships to kill all the Skrull population of a Kree ruled planet. So that’s what Vers and her team had to do (Vers is Danvers’s Kree name). That’s when Vers needed to pee and she was spying on this one guy that looked very suspicious and she had a choice relieve herself or do the job, so choose to do her job.

While spying her bladder doubled in size than when she had the choice, but she chose right because that Skrull was part of a mafia type gang who’s goal was to kill all the Krees. Through intercom Mar-Vel told her to kidnap him and bring him back to the Kree base and interrogated him. Through this Vers hasn’t peed herself yet, this was due to Mar-Vel teaching her how to be properly trained to hold in the urge to pee in battle.

She got the guy and was sent back to her mentor’s starship and only then used the bathroom on the ship, whereas as pilot Carol Danvers couldn’t do that and most of her flight tests her pants would be soaking wet because she didn’t use the bathroom before and her co-pilot Maria Rambeau would do the same, it never bothered the flight instructor though.

The Female Avengers team were just about at the doors of the entrance of Doom’s castle, Danvers now pushed aside her wetting urge, the overall feeling of it was like she had a remote in her hand and pressed the paused button and was back to normal. She then discovered that Wasp had to go as well, it was so easy to work out that she had to go because of her slight crossing of her legs and facial expressions.

“You’ve got to go Wasp?” Carol boldly spoke to her. “Yes, Carol I’ve been holding it in since leaving Avengers Mansion, I’ve been changing forms to hold it in more and look at me now I could loose control now and be humiliated in front of my team. Danvers confessed that she indeed need to pee as well, this made a Hope feel better and started her being inquisitive with questions like “How full is your bladder?”, “How long have you been holding it in?” and “Do you think your gonna make it?”

Captain Marvel answered a few and told her secret of holding it in, she told her that the secret to holding it in was..... nothing! Yes nothing you see Mar-Vel didn’t share any holding tips he actually made Carol or as she is named Vers to the Krees to drink as many bottles of water until you feel like your gonna pee your pants and hold it in and once Danvers humiliated herself in front of her mentor he asked her to do and do again until she took long for her to wet herself you see she can’t do that with Wasp now, but it was too late. Wasp’s bladder let go she froze instantly. She couldn’t believe it she’s peeing herself, Captain Marvel, Black Widow and Scarlet Witch pause and watch poor Hope Pym wet herself in front of them.

While Hope’s wetting Captain Marvel’s bladder was going into overdrive with the sound of Hope’s pee, she fought to keep it in while the rest pours out of Wasp’ aching bladder. She did lose a few squirts, but it was only little so it doesn’t matter. They enter the castle more henchmen come to fight them, it’s almost like Doom knew that they were coming, with another battle defeated, Carol was getting desperate the effect of Wasp hasn’t only done the damage of the small leaks but has pushed her bladder intake higher than before. Widow stopped every and told the leader of the team to go relieve herself in that small hallway that they past, but not to long ago.

Captain Marvel agreed to go, she walked down the narrow hallway and found a set of stairs going down. She obviously followed them and it took her to a bathroom, finally she could relieve herself. She opened the door and it was real not like that one time where she was teamed up wth Iron Man to locate Lemuria the underwater city just beneath the surface of New York City, where a sign on a door saying bathrooms wasn’t actually what the sign said, but a janitors room.

She raced into a stall she unzipped her suit off and pulled it to her ankles, she then sat on the toilet and strangely nothing came out. She waited again... nothing, she need to go now or if she doesn’t she would wet herself. Usually when she masterbates with a full bladder she pees herself so she tries it. She starts masterbating so much that you’ll think she’ll start peeing in seconds but no, she tries again and again and again, but no. She walks out of the bathroom and tries one of her fetishes ‘peeing in the sink’. A fetish she developed living on the Kree planet Hala because the toilets there are tricky to use. She climbs up onto the countertop and walks to a sink and lets go and finally it explodes.

“There must’ve been a spell on that toilet that I was in or do they all have a spell on them? This intrigued Captain Marvel that she gripped her pussy and went to check the others. After a montage of her trying each toilet except the one she went to the first place found out that she didn’t pee in any one only outside, she thought to herself could Dr Doom seriously have a wetting fetish, but for who?

Why would there be some spell placed in all the bathroom stalls too make you not pee in the toilet, why would he do this? Danvers grabbed her pussy again walked over to a large bin where she would dispose of the rest because it’s too hard climbing up onto the countertop with one hand pressed firmly on your pussy to stop you from wetting yourself.

After a lovely wetting experience, she pulled up her suit, zipped it up again and then rejoined with the group. When with the group, Natasha asked her why was she so long in the bathroom and so Carol told her “There’s a spell placed in every stall of the bathroom, I couldn’t pee! I had to climb up onto a sink to release!” She told Natasha to watch out because something like that could happen to her...

To Be Continued...

*002*2020-05-02 21:51

While exploring the castle to find Dr Doom, Natasha felt very thirsty with no water intake, but she managed to find a inconspicuous water fountain just ahead. She turned it on and started drinking, the intake that she was drinking would surely affect her later on. After Widow’s nice drink, they continued looking for this mastermind.

They had to split in groups because each one had different opinions on where his quarters are. But before they could do that a swarm of henchmen came at them as Danvers protected everyone from that big guy with the shotgun, he punched Danvers really hard, she was really scared and she felt herself start fear wetting herself.

She was totally humiliated and more troops like him came and one grabbed Wasp and started stripping her like she was a doll. It just left Wanda and Natasha both girls not taken in by anyone and the pair ran away, but the strong man ran after them Wanda was getting scared she could feel she might wet herself soon. Just then they spotted an air vent and it was there only hope, Scarlet Witch used her magic to open it and they jumped in it and watched through the cracks and made no noise.

The man finally reached where the pair were, inside the vent Scarlet Witch was felling very scared she kept breaking and her legs kept flickering as well. Her panties were damp and at the shear fear of this she used her magic to hold it in more. The girls quietly moved on the ordeal was very difficult because at the time Natasha’s bladder wanted to be emptied, they spot the vent to the toilets and Widow hesitates if she should go or not.

She doesn’t agree to go so she continues on. They discover this vent that leads to some mysterious room, so they jump down to investigate it and it may give them a clue where Doom is. As soon as they landed on the ground Widow really needs to pee, she starts curses herself of not using the advantage of the bathroom. “Oh fucking God, Wanda please help I’m in dire need to water the flowers.”

“I’ve got a spell that helps and she casts the spell onto Natasha as feels her bladder size shrinking. Now it’s all gone she doesn’t have to go now, they look around for anything weird or strange as it might be a trap door that leads to where Doom is hiding.

Just then Black Widow found a red button thinking it’s a button to open some door and maybe he’s inside. She presses it and the both of them fall down a shute and in the next minute they are in a top secret room. Looks like they are in one of the government’s top secret facilities. The girls walk together in search of the villain but there is no sign of him and Athen a mysterious figure all dressed in black comes out of camouflaging in with the environment. Meanwhile Natasha and Wanda discover that the deal between Kang and Doom is world domination, she radios into the Avengers and tells them the news, in the line was Captain America and she says that he will send the big four (Iron-Man, Captain America, Thor and Hulk) in to check the situation out.

Wack! The silent man laid his secret trap on them. In the next minute, Wanda wakes up she realises she’s chained up naked and looks around to find her teammates captured and chained up nude. She must of been gone for a long time because her bladder is completely aching for relief, she looks around to see if there’s anyone to inform that she needs to take a leak, but there’s nobody here except her and her teammates.

It’s almost like they are meant to wet themselves, just the Black Widow wakes up and is completely about to explode, she yells out saying would you please let me go I need to pee. No answer, she says it again still no answer and Widow didn’t even notice that she was naked. Just then it happens. She can’t believe it it’s so warm and you can tell she’s really enjoying it and just then a tall dark figure pops into view and he descends out of the shadows and is revealed to be Doctor Doom....

To Be Continued...

*004*2020-05-09 22:50

All the members of the female Avengers wake up and are astounded to find Doom just in the building and are scared of his appearance. Captain Marvel’s bladder explodes causing her to pee as Doom watches in amazement as Carol pees an amazing golden stream, Doctor is turned on.

Carol eventually stops as she realises he is torturing them not by pain but by their own love, he’s forcing them to pee themselves because he wants them to. Sort of he wants to use their fetish to his gain and advantage.

”Welcome to my lair...” he says, “I’ve seen what you guys do, I have evidence. I know that all of you love to wet yourself and be naughty, but I mean making this part of the plan, then that’s amazing!

The plan was for Kang to rule the world, but I can see myself destroying your reputation by surfacing those CCTV footages of you wetting yourself. ”It won’t do any harm because everyone does it and we are all human it’s what we do.” Beckoned Captain Marvel. “Your right, but I’m talking about your dirty secret.”

All of a sudden the Calvary arrives the Main Avengers come (Iron Man, Thor, Captain America, Hawkeye and Hulk come to save the female team. “Get them!!!!” Doom cries out at his guards as they charge at the heroes. After an intense battle with Doom’s henchmen, the main Avengers free their teammates and defeat Doom. They then give their friends their clothes back and are off to leave here.

Both Avengers teams are in the retrospective Quinjets and Doom is placed in the Cap’s Quinjet, the Quinjet for the star studded female Avengers team now stinks of Wanda’s pee that she did a few hours ago, but it was ok. Shortly after departing from Doom’s Castle, the four of them had to pee, all their bladders now have fulled so much and all of them are desperate to go and there isn’t anything that they can use as a toilet, they have to hold it.

Now they have well and truely passed the castle and they wouldn’t make it back home because they need to get from Europe to America and that’s a mighty long trip. But the main thing is that the Quinjet wasn’t properly fixed as SHIELD was supposed to fix it soon. The pilot, Danvers was starting to loose focus as her bladder was hurting her through her tight suit and put on autopilot to recommended to everyone to strip down naked to ease the restraints and to hopefully stop making hurt so much, it definitely worked and they all were fine.

Now usually the Quinjet has two bathrooms, one being looking like an aeroplane bathroom and the other one in the cargo hold. Now the reasons why both don’t work is because the cabin toilet is all smashed up and the other one was an accident by She-Hulk were she clogged the toilet. A couple of minutes later the ship was only just above water and luckily no one left the window open because of the sound of the waves crashing into each other, a real crime if you need to pee desperately.

Wanda used some magic to slow the process down, but it’ll come back again. Within a couple of more minutes that dragged like hours and they were still above the sea. The girls inside were a bit desperate now as it was a few minutes ago since Wanda used her magic on the team, each one looked totally ashamed that they were all naked together and was completely mad with the Doctor for using their fetish to his advantage.

Their were a lot of favourite wetting moments from them, but today felt that they were robbed by their hidden desire, Natasha couldn’t bare holding in again and was now in a very foul mood. When she’s in this mood she usually gets more aggressive, swears more and becomes more naughtier as well. “Fuck this!” She says in complete dismay and walks to the cargo hold, her bladder now starts to swell up and she has to hold it again. This happens towards the rest as this strains the pilot as she puts on autopilot just to hold herself with more ease.

They shouldn’t have taken this mission, they should’ve taken She-Hulk’s team’s place instead which was in Wakanda, which is such a better trip than being stuck on a ship with two toilets that you can’t use properly have have to hold it in throughout the whole trip. Black Widow now suddenly became the most desperate one as her bladder was rapidly firing up, she laid her eyes upon an empty box, she was such in a hurry to find an alternative to a toilet, so using her quick thinking she used the box. A big long stream of hot golden pee shot out of her like a rocket ship at lift-off.

She finished not so soon after, the box was soggy, but at least it wasn’t on the floor. Just then Scarlet Witch remembered that Doctor Strange taught her this spell that transports you anywhere easily, she told the rest of the team this as their bladders were becoming full again, Wasp said “It’s worth a shot.” So she did it she opened a mirror portal and you had to think to yourself of where to come out to, but all her mind thought about was the sweat relief she’ll have if she makes it.

She fought it and thought of Avengers Mansion, it transported them there and Black Widow came out from the cargo hold and saw they were back home, they opened the doors as fast as they can and Scarlet Witch, Wasp and Captain Marvel all ran so fast to make it to the bathroom, they ran all the way to the front door and by their surprise it was locked, Wanda did her portal trick so that they could enter and ran straight towards the ladies’ room and went into the individual stalls and peed in there for so long and they were still naked, imagine if Tony and the rest came back and spotted them all nude from the bathroom.

They finished and their worst dream never happened they did the opposite to get dressed and get Black Widow.

To Be Continued...

*005*2020-05-16 21:10

They all got dressed back into their tight fitting suits and waited for their friends to arrive. It was getting frustrating because they haven’t arrived yet and they still could be over water, as the female team cheated and used magic to arrive there. It got so boring waiting for the other Avengers so they went inside, nobody ate or drank anything before so they didn’t need the toilet yet.

They decided to go to the cafeteria because they were getting so hungry, but they will have to pass the sleeping quarters. They entered via Wanda’s spell because none of them had the front door key, so they made their way to the cafeteria. They got the biggest shock when they walked into the sleeping quarters, where they found Valkyrie, Pepper Potts, Gamora, Shuri Mantis, Nebula and She-Hulk queued up in a line to use the bathroom. They ignored their desperate friends, but could hear Shuri loosing it, Gamora and Valkyrie loosing it too.

So now in the cafeteria, a loud bang noise is heard and Captain Danvers inspects it and finds someone hung up and dead. She was about to turn backwards, but when she did a masked hooded person was behind her. Danvers got such a shock that she immediately started fear wetting, she was very embarrassed by her actions and the man vanished. Wanda is getting so scared that she could fear wet herself in any minute, she turned back to scream out for Natasha because she needed another person to help her.

She then felt the most weirdest thing ever, someone touched her on her shoulder. She hesitated to turn, but she decided to and it was the masked man, Wanda could feel piss running down her legs as she just got the biggest fear of her life. Wasp flew over to the light box as the whole cafeteria was pitch black and when the lights were lit it showed Doctor Doom’s henchmen tied up dead and writings on the wall saying “You killed them!” The biggest fright of their life was Doom was the masked man haunting most of them, Black Widow used a stun gun on him and took off the mask ad there was no head and strangely collapsed onto the floor.

Danvers woke up to feel her wet suit, but woke up to be back into the Quinjet, “Oh no.” She said, she worked it out that they were dreaming the whole thing and they wet themselves on top of it, she hoped it didn’t stink. It best thing about these heroes is that they are all wearing black pants except Carol and she had a beautiful dark blue stain in the middle, embarrassed by this accident she took off her pants and placed an another pants on that look almost the same (a SHIELD officer’s pants that was hung inside the Quinjet.

Just then their friends finally arrived, Danvers made everyone wake up and were astounded by the fear wetting of their dreams, they helped their friends put Doom in the detention centre where they will later question him what’s his deal with Kang. Captain America couldn’t but say “How come you arrived so early?” And Carol Danvers answered and told him the whole story and after this amazing story, Steve couldn’t help remembering back to the 40s where he remembered Peggy having such a weak bladder and the numerous times he saw her desperate to pee. He was so turned on by it that he would love to play with her bladder and he could also remember that she was big into ageplay. Cap’s dream faded away and everyone walk out of the detention centre and into the sleeping quarters.

The End...

