A very desperate video chat

Author: Brittanybunny

*000*2021-10-05 07:26

Kat and Jessie were long distance lovers who fell in love after a week of chatting together. They both were chatting in the same omo based chatroom when they discovered each other. The longer they chatted the more they discovered the length of their fetish’s. Kat had been going through a rough time with her home situation and hadn’t done a wetting in a long time. Jessie also had privacy issues leaving him out of the question for the time being. They were in video chat like they did everyday and she mentioned something about having a bit of free time tomorrow and was curious if he wanted to watch her do a hold. Jessie’s eyes lit up in excitement and he nodded. “I would like that very much honey, you sure it'll be ok?” Kat smiled and nodded, “Yea, i really wanna do it, plus…. Knowing you will be watching me makes it kinda hotter.” Jessie’s member sprung at the thought of his beautiful girlfriend wetting her pants on camera for him. They both couldn’t wait til the next day.

The next day hit and Kat was counting the hours. She dressed herself that morning in a red top and tight fitting jeans that were super light so any leak would show easily. Once 2:00pm rolled around, she messaged Jessie and asked if he was ready. He replied yes and they began their video chat. Kat was sitting on the edge of her bed with towels under her just in case. Jessie was already very excited with the whole Idea of this happening.

“So sweetheart, on a scale of 1-10, how are you feeling?” he asked. Kat sat there with her 1000ml water bottle and drank half of it in one go. “I'm currently at a 2 right now. I got this babe”. Jessie smiled at her and they both talked for the next hour. By the time 3:45 rolled around she was squirming in place and had finished the water bottle and started a second. Kat was beginning to feel very shy and typed into their chat box *I'm at a 5 now*. Jessie smiled at her, “ohhh babygirl is starting to feel it huh honey?” Kat smiled and nodded, she kept drinking more water and they kept talking about random stuff.

Another hour passes and Kat is very desperate to pee and is now wiggling her legs and crossing them. She gripped her legs tightly and felt a few small leaks come out and dampen her white cotton panties. Jessie saw her struggle and felt sympathy and pleasure. “Mmm you ok hun? Did a wave hit you?” Kat blushed and replied “i leaked a bit in my panties, its at a 7”. Jessie smiled and eyed up and down her body , “spread your legs and show me babe”. Kat blushed bright pink and spread her legs wide, making her desperation worse. There was a golfball size wet spot on her pants and he smiled at her. “Ohhh honey bunny, im loving this. I have a challenge for you, every 30 seconds, i want you to leak a little and then hold it til a minute goes by then do it again, keep your legs spread so i can see you become wet”.

Kat nodded and kept her legs spread which caused her to wiggle and bounce and for them to shake all over due to needing to pee so bad. She followed his orders and every few seconds she would let out some pee, causing the wet spot to be bigger. Kat was so desperate at that point she couldn’t do the little leaks and a big spurt gushed out for 3 seconds, really making her pants wet. Jessie moaned as he watched her.

“Mmmmm you are almost there babygirl, just a few more minutes then you can go pee”. Kat nodded and stood up, her pants half wet and went into the bathroom, setting her video call on her phone at the edge of the tub and got into the tub, beginning to do a full on pee dance while she continued to leak.

“Ohhhh Jessie i….. i wanna pee so badly, i cant hold it much longer” she said in a desperate tone. Jessie smiled at her “just a few more seconds then you can let go babe, i bet your girlhood is begging for release isn’t it honey?” He said this in a sexy deeper tone and it made her body shiver in pleasure. “Y…yes it does, i gotta go potty, i need to pee so bad”. After another 5 minutes, Kat couldn’t do it anymore and a 5 second spurt came out. “Jessie…… i I can’t do it, im gonna pee my pants, i cant hold it”. Jessie looked at her seriously and told her “then do it honey, there’s no turning back, just let it out”.

Kat moaned and soon as Jessie said that a torrent of pee came pouring from her and her jeans rapidly became darker, she moaned loudly at the feeling of relief. “Ohhhh Jessie…. Its so warm, i love it so much, I don’t wanna stop” she said in a loud soothing voice. “Don’t stop honey, just let it all out….. wow you really had to go, your entirely left pant leg is soaked”. Kat blushed and looked down realizing he was right, her entire left half of her jeans were soaked and she blushed, still not even close to being done.

After a good minute and a half she finished peeing her pants. There wasn't a single dry spot on the front of her pants and she loved it. When she finished she opened her eyes and looked at her lover. “Oh my god babe that was so hot…. You are so soaked, I can’t believe you peed that much”. Kat smiled and slide her jeans down, revealing her soaked white panties and giggles.

“Mmmmmmmm it felt so good, im so horny right now” she admitted. Jessie smiled and showed off how he was hard after all of that. They spent the rest of the night masterbating together and after a few minutes they came together. Tired, spent and happy, they wished each other goodnight and went to bed, looking forward to their next video chat.

(hey yall, hope you like it, just a random scenario i had a dream about once)

*002*2021-10-05 13:21

{{4 hours ago, talks2much said:

Hot story!

}}

Thank you

