A virus trip (genderbent)

Author: beaky

*000*2018-07-22 18:59

It was almost midnight, me and my brothers are taking a trip away from the stupid gametopia. a vires brother trip, right now we are in veny's red ford mustang, on the road after stealing some mcdonalds. veny was driving and eating a burger the same time, while V was going to town on the bunch of food he stole, mostly chicken nuggets and fries. me i'm just hanging out in the back, lots of legroom, and drinking a large pepsi. we were crossing the road for about an hour or so, i had to pee for a while, now it's starting to get to me. i layed back in the middle seat and looked a head. there was nothing but empty road from the eye can see. V saw my pale face. "victor" he said with a bunch of fries in his mouth. "you ok?" i snapped out of it. i didn't want to tell them i had to go. im not 3. i can hold it till we go home. "yeah, of course i am." i slam back in my seat and put my feet between the seat. to veny's annoynes. " so how long till we are going home." i said confanly

"it will take an hour or three, the cops might be looking for use after stealing food from lots of restaurants." he answered, his eyes still on the road. i forgot about that V wanted hit every restaurant or fast food we passed, his hunger was something of impresses, they would be looking for us.

Two hours went by, we have managed to steer the cops wrong; the radio said they couldn't find us and that the gamer guys were on the case now. as we smirked at another successful get away, my urge grew inside me, i felt the pepsi flooding my bladder. i started to cross my legs holding the pee that was filling in me. the road starting to get bumpy, as the black path road turns to dirt. the car shanked my blatter, making it harder to keep it in. i bit my lip, trying not to show my weakness. veny was looking around. "ok i don't know where the hell we are." he said frustereted.

"where should we go oh amazing leader." he added sarcastly. V looked at me to see my reaction. i gritted my teeth, as a wave of pain washed over me and more liquid poured. "i don't know man your the one driving." i answered, throw my teeth.

"victor whats wrong? you look like your in pain." V gave a nerves look, that always seem to get melt my cold heart. i shuddered at the sudden jolt of my blatter feeling the pee running up my peines, veny took a glance at me. "looks like vic need to use the potty." veny laugh. i grunted.

"is that true?" V asked. i nod, knowing now that it's too late to lie now. feeling my bladder expanding and blodding. i don't know if i can hold it any longer. "we have to stop, now!" i exclaimed grabbing my crotch, while my thighs tighten even more at the thought. "you really going to piss out here." veny said laughing.

"no, i have my dignity."

"you do?"

"shut up! we just need to find a gas station or something" a stream had spirit out onto my boxers. leaving a patch on my shorts, my thighs tighten, so as my grip. a tear left my eye. V looked around the land outside, while veny drived faster. trying and hurry to find civilisation, or a gas station. " vic don't you dare go in my car. i swear i will kill you if you do." veny hissed.

"no you won't, were family and you do care the victor in pain like this." V said with a smile. i know V try to see our team as a family, but veny couldn't care less. he might even think i deserve this for being a brat all my life. Veny cheekbones and eyesocket glowed red, and the car seem to glow as well, causing the car to go faster than before. the sudden speed yanked me back and the pushed against my bladder. the push caused me to yelp and the pee to spert even more, and even longer. this startled V into looking at me, he reached his hand to confronted me and my shaking body. my dick was ready to burst i couldn't hold it any longer. as we were going speeding down the empty road a gleam of hope was up ahead. i yelled " STOP LOOK!"

And point at the building up ahead. it was a gas station. the guys looked and veny slammed on the brake, pulling all of us. this was the final straw, my piss was launched out of my dick. soking my boxsers and shorts. as the car stopped at the gas station, the release was amazing i couldn't stop, tears left my eyes. i let out a sigh, when V looked over with a smile. "we made it vic. you can..." he stopped, seeing my wet pants and my head down. V nugged veny to look at my humility state. V was chuckling a bit, but suprasaly veny wasn't even smiling. i thought he would be wetting himself laughing, he got out of the car slamming the door behind him. he went into the building leaving us confused. i got out too, feeling the pee going down my leg. we hear a man yelling "hey you stupid, kid! get back her and pay for that stuff! i swear i will call the cops on you skeleton butt!"

Veny walked to the car with a towel, and swim shorts. he hands me both.

" what the hell is this." i asked not sure why he did this. veny always hated me, i always laugh at him, and he laugh for every stupid thing i did. "just shut up and take it." he snapped, straddling me and leaking a little more pee that didn't came out

"you don't want to sit in your own pee the rest of the way, also you can't catch a cold you know damn well that the gamer guys are going to fight us for stealing the food." he throw the stuff my way.

"you know you want to laugh, so just do it." i said, trying to hide me being such a child. "vic your only 6, you may look like a teen, but you know that accidents will happen." i blushed at that fact.

"besides i know you would do the same, and i would be laugh when i see you cleaning my car." he knew i would do the same and hearing that made my cold heart beat. i rolled my eyes at his smudged face. once i wipe some of the pee off, i heard sirens up ahead. veny turn to the sound. " you ok changing in the car?" he asked. i smiled

"of course"

"great" veny ran and open the door. i followed, laying the towel on the poutle that covered the seat. we were both greeted by a teary V smiling. "oh guys that was so cool." he said snifiling.

"whatever man! it's not that great! it was gross." veny said gripping the steering wheel. he step on the gas and turn the other way. all of us hold on and we were on the run once again. i hope we get home soon.

