Batgirl’s Embarrassing Accident

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-11-10 12:29

Author’s Note: This DC Omorashi spin off of Batgirl is the sequel to the Lois Lane story which I mast still right the next three chapters of that story.

Barbara knew what was going to happen she was so excited for Lois to come to Gotham tomorrow. She immediately grabbed her croch tightly because she forgot how bad she had to go before the call. She got out of bed and walked in a fast pace to stop the idea of leakages staining the tiles. She made it and she pulled down her panties and started to pee immediately and her flow would not end as it still went on besides the time was 12:00.

Barbara looked at herself in the mirror as her naked pussy was visible she moved her legs out to show a little more view. She did and finally what felt and seemed like an entirety stopped, as her flow died down until it evolved back into tiny drops of urine. She got up and flashed the toilet to go back to bed. Barbara went back into bed and could not stop wondering what to do with Lois when she comes.

To Be Continued...

*002*2018-11-16 12:28

Barbara tossed and turned in her bed as her bladder had to relieve herself again she slid her hand under the bedsheets to grab her crouch. Her pussy hurt like hell it was pumping up the pee and trying to push it out. She woke up and was so scared because it could’ve been a dream which was usually what happened. Barbara pulled the sheets off her to make her way to the loo, she made her way now. She made it there, walked inside to use the toilet and she pulled the seat down to plonked her sexy ass on it. Unexpectedly she started to have have a poo and large amounts of drolls came out. Her golden urine finally poured out as it splattered hard into the toilet, it felt so good. It was a bout an hour for it to finish, Barbs got up wiped her ass and pussy.

She went back to her room to get dressed she goth dressed and just put on her normal clothes. She walked downstairs and sat on the couch and in a matter of minutes she fell asleep. She was dreaming about her school life, she went back to year 7 the story was when she needed to go for a big wee after class and didn’t make. “Ma’ma I need to go please let me go!” The teacher obviously said no as Barbara had to wait, she did and just when the bell went she was on the verge of an accident.

She dashed for the toilet but it was too late she immediately started wetting herself when opening the door of the toilets and the other girls were laughing and making fun of her. One girl punched her so hard she fell on the floor and was hurt, then Bruce Wayne came out of the boys bathroom and was devastated that she was hurt and screamed at all the girls who laughed at her friend’s accident.

Her dream end as Bruce helped her up and kissed her and said to the crying girl “Don’t worry.” The dream ended as she woke up again and saw that Lois tried to call her an hour ago.

She wondered if she should go see Bruce today but today is also the day Lois is coming so she was confused on what to do.

*004*2018-12-06 04:22

Author’s Note: This part of the Batgirl Omorashi takes place after the last part of the Lois Omorashi.

Barbara let her friend in and she was so happy that she hugged her friend. She stopped and whispered that she needs to pee as it was now to late. The second she told her friend she lost control over it, that it poured out and was wetting her panties completely. Barbara took of her panties and skirt, which she stayed half naked for the rest of the night.

Lois showed her the diapers so she handed one over to her. Barbara looked at it and told her friend that she has been holding her urge to pee in the diaper but it was too late if only you got here earlier then it could’ve happened. “It doesn’t matter we could do that later as it was me who needed to pee before coming here and I couldn’t hold it anymore so I had to find a rest stop.” Said Lois.

Barabra was pretty chill with this that she understood why Lois was late and why she missed the opportunity to pee in a diaper. Lois kept remembering about that young girl peeing her jeans while standing next to a tree on the Gotham turn-off. She told Barbara about the girl and immediately Barbara knew who it was she said “Oh yeah it was.. It was... It was, oh no I forgot her name! Hold on I will try to remember. Got it, her name is Selina Kyle.

