A desperate walk with Sarah

Author: Blurple

*000*2023-05-16 19:29

Sarah and I were chatting while waiting for traffic at the crosswalk after a night of catching up over drinks when she suddenly said “Oooooooo I really wish I had used the ladies at that last bar” while crossing her legs

“Want to make a stop at that bar before we cross through the park?” I asked aware of my own need to pee. I wasn’t desperate but would definitely feel a lot better if we stopped.

”Nah I’m good. I really need to get in bed soon.” Sarah yawned

As if on cue the sign changed to walk and we crossed into the park and away from any open restrooms. Our conversation starts back up as we cross and about fifteen minutes later I pull out a joint and ask Sarah if she wants to find a bench and have a quick smoke.

“Ok” she says “but we need to make it quick because I really really need to wee right now.”

I agree and take a seat on one of the benches, tapping my feet and bouncing my legs, while Sarah stands, stepping in place, and we pass the joint for a few minutes before quietly proceeding on our way again.

“Ryan..” she says quietly “please don’t think I’m gross but I’m really about to wee myself”

“I would never think that about you Sarah.” I say and then point into the distance “there’s a clearing through those trees that nobody ever goes into. Follow me.”

Without waiting I take Sarah’s hand and lead her towards the clearing. As we get there she starts holding herself with her free hand and frantically pee dancing.

“You go first, I’ll wait here” I tell her

“Ry..” she said

“Yeah?” I ask

“You can say no but can you come with? I don’t want to be on my own.”

“Yeah but hurry” I responded “I really need to pee as well now”

Sarah grabbed my hand with her free one and we went through the trees into the clearing. As I fumbled for the flashlight on my phone I could hear the leaves cracking and the raspy noise of Sarah’s stockings as her legs scissored together in a desperate attempt to keep from wetting herself.

Finally the light turns on and I ask Sarah where she wants it but she’s already in the process of hiking up her skirt and pulling her panties down.

At first it sounds like the beginning of a rain storm with a light patter but that quickly turns into a hissing torrent with the flashlight on my phone lighting up everything.

“Mmmmmm ahhhhh” she sighed before saying “By the way that light is moving you really need to go as well.”

That wasn’t wrong. I was very near the point of losing all control and watching Sarah wasn’t helping.

“Do you mind?” I asked to which she said “not at all” and asked if I wanted her to hold the light

“Please” I said shakily handing it over and then desperately undid my jeans to unleash my own torrent

*001*2023-06-05 15:55

A short continuation of pt 1 with a pt 2 to come

“Ahhhhh” I said with closed eyes as pee erupted from my semi-hard member.

For a moment the only noise was the patter of our overfilled bladders emptying over the leaves in the clearing. Then Sarah spoke up.

“Ry? Can I ask you something?” she asked timidly. Quickly following up with “Actually nevermind.”

I could hear her stream dying down and felt my own streams pressure dropping. I looked over and I was surprised to see Sarah looking at me with a look of fascination on her face. Well not at me but at the pee coming out of me.

Sarah, finally noticing that I was looking at her quickly turned away and uttered an embarrassed “sorry.” before searching her purse for a tissue.

“I.. its ok you didn’t do anything wrong.” I said as my stream tapered off.

I squeezed out the last drops and shook a couple times as Sarah wiped and inspected herself.

“I’m not sure about you but I think I made it in time” she breathlessly exclaimed while passing my phone back to me.

“It was close but no issues” I responded as we started back on our way to Sarah’s

The walk from the park was uneventful and as we said our goodbyes at Sarah’s she asked if I’d like to check out the bars out by the beach in a couple weeks which I enthusiastically said yes to

*003*2023-06-05 19:47

{{17 minutes ago, Scalar said:

This is promising! More to come soon?

}}

No guarantee on how soon but I have a rough idea for what I want to happen in the next part

