Housemates Hold It Contest

Author: bobwells55

*000*2019-10-22 18:49

The Girls

Blayse, 21 brunette, c cups, fully shaved. The crazy chance taker of the group

Bri, 21, blonde, c cups, fully shaved. Blayse Twin sister. College cheerleader

Lizzie, Brunette, 20, c cups, fully shaved. Arts major and aspiring model

Kaya, brunette, 20, b cups, trimmed, the hippie stoner of the group with a tendency to date shady guys

Hallie, blonde, 24, Double Ds, shaved, mom of one back at school for management

Devin, 21, Brunette, Ds, Shaved, speech major who works at the local college Bar

Mary, 22, red head, Ds, shaved, nursing major is the wildest partier of the group with a tendency to have accidents when she drinks too much

Gabi, 21, Bs, fully shaved, business major tall for a girl and on college cross country team

Laurie, 22, Double Ds, fully shaved, public relations major prone to laugh wetting

Trish, 44, Ds, Lansing strip, the “house mom” who owns the property and lives at the house was a successful model in 90s. It’s her idea

The girls all piled in to the massive living room of the three story house and took a seat. Beneath them, they noticed a bucket full of 4 beers, 4 waters, and a cup of coffee.

“What is this for Trish? And why did you have us get dressed for the day?” Asked Bri. She was wearing a white tee shirt and a pair of grey leggings

“Yeah I’m confused” her sister added, wear a black tee shirt and grey leggings.

Trish began to explain. “As you know, I have owned this house for close to 10 years. And every year, there is a huge fight over who gets what room. That is not the foot I want us to get off on. So I have came up with a way to decide who gets what room fair and square”

“How?” Hallie asked, in her white belly shirt and jeans

Trish continues “you’ll notice at your feet a bucket full of liquids and a cup of coffee fresh off the pot. I can see you are all sipping on your coffee already. Next, I will be asking you to chug 2 waters. Drink 2 beers. Then two more waters”

“And the other two beers?” Devin asked

Trish answered, “those are for at the end. If you make it that far”

Lauren looked confused in he white halter top and tan Capri pants “what do you mean if we last”

A twisted smile came over Trish’s face “I hope you all had time to use the bathroom this morning. Because we are going to hold it to see who gets which room. The last one standing... wins”

Gabi looked disgusted she was wearing jean shorts and a green shirt “I’m not doing that”

“Then it looks like you will be sleeping in the room beneath the staircase. A pretty cramped area for a girl like you”

“I need a room big enough for my daughters crib for when she visits” Hallie said

“Then you’d better hope you can tighten those bladder muscles” Trish answered. She continued “and just to be fair... I will be joining you” Trish said, cracking open a water bottle and guzzling it down. She was in white shorts and a shirt with lots of cleavage to show off her chest. “Let’s begin”

40 minutes in, all the girls were still left, and now down to their 4th! Water bottle. Laurie was in the worst shape, her legs bouncing up and down.

“I have an idea of how to pass time” said Blaise with a mischievous grin “let’s tell about the last time we had to pee this bad”

“Please can we not?” Gabby asked, as she was likely in the second worst shape behind Laurie

“Last weekend!” Said Mary with a laugh. She was wearing a grey pair of sweatpants. Her favorite casual look “I was out with my nursing friends. I didn’t even realize I had to pee until the walk home. Then I was so drunk I was just like fuck it. Pissed ma jeans right on the sidewalk”

“Oh my god” Bri said laughing. “Yeah,” Mary said “I woke up and my pants were just in the bathtub and my underwear was still on. I slept in my wet ass thong!”

“Mine was last year. During one of the home basketball games” Bri admitted “I had to go so so bad and my friend Karli kept making me laugh. I started leaking real bad from laughing and during a timeout I had to run to the bathroom in the tunnel and didn’t make it” she admitted blushed and smiling. “I got in there, into the stall and by the time I closed the door the gates had opened there was no turning back. I just pissed myself. Blayse has to bring me new spanks and tights”

“Because I’m the best big sister” Blayse said. “Mine was on Kayas Birthday. I don’t remember but according to Bri when we got out of the Uber I just stood on the porch and pissed myself” she laughed.

Kaya, wearing light colored jeans, chimed in. “That was also mine. I peed my bed that night” she giggled.

Lizzie was wearing tan leggings and a tight shirt “a few years ago, I was like 18 I think, I was doing a shoot for my modeling. It was taking forever and I really had to go. The photographer kept wanting different shots and different poses in this light or that light. I asked if I could take a 5 minute break but my manager said we were on a tight schedule and I was almost done. Well at the end I started leaking. I told my manager but she just said we only had 2 more and they’d edit it out if I couldn’t manage to hold it. Well, after the last photo I just froze. And all of a sudden my jeans were soaked and I was standing in a puddle. My boyfriend had to come pick me up I was mortified”

“Wait until you have kids” Hallie said “the other day I sneezed and pissed all over myself”

“What about you, Laurie?” Trish asked

Laurie blushes hard as she stood up “uhhh right now. I can’t do this” she said. Suddenly a dark wet spot slowly but surly appeared on the crotch of her pants. Quickly it spread to the back of her pants, soaking her ass before running down her legs forming a large puddle on the ground. After about a minute plus, she stopped, breathed a sigh of relief, and looked down at the damage

“Laurie, you have last pick” Trish said “please step forward and remove your pants and underwear and lay them down. This is how we will keep track”

Laurie gingerly waddled over in front of Trish and stripped off her tan Capri pants, revealing her orange booty shorts soaked front to back. She removed those too. Trish watched intently. Focusing on the wet piss still glistening on her pussy and legs. But that was interrupted.

“Oh fuck. Uh oh. I can’t hold it” Gabi shouted. She stood up to run to the bathroom, but soon stopped dead in her tracks. Her hands were tucked in her crotch, but she slowly removed them as her tiny jean shorts grew darker and darker. Kaya watched as the piss ran down Gabi’s legs, darkened her cute little butt and changed the color of her pants.

“This is not helping” Kaya laughed as she shifted her legs.

“Well, you know the rules Gabi. You will pick second to last”

Gabi blushed as she removed her pants and light blue panties at the same time. Her bald pussy soaked in her own piss. Urine dripping of her firm tight butt cheeks. She walked over to Trish, laid her shorts and undies next to Laurie’s, and scurried away.

“This is kinda fun!!” Said Devin, the dark haired bartender with a lower back tattoo.

“We should do this again” Blayse said, shoving her hands into her crotch.

“This is fun for you? I’ve never had to piss this bad in my life!” Hallie said

Ten minutes passed before attention shifted to Kaya.

“Oh fuck. I’m losing it.”

Remaining seated, kaya spread her legs and let nature take its course. She released a strong torrent of piss that pooled in her lap, flooded over the side of the chair and ran down to create yet another large puddle on the tarp laid out in the ground. Kaya stood up, exposing the full extent of just how soaked she was

“That was gross. But I feel so much better. I should have just gone pee right after Laurie” Kaya peeled off her light colored jeans, she had on white panties and you could see the outline of her neatly trimmed bush. She removed those too and laid them in front of Trish.

“Have fun!” She said before scurrying away

Trish looked at the girls who were left. Devin, Blaise, Lizz, Bri and Hallie.

“Come closer. Move your chairs closer to me” the house mom ordered. The girls obeyed. Except for Devin, the bartender and sexy Asian. She began, but quickly sat back down.

“Devin” Trish said with a smirk “whats the matter?”

“I literally can’t stand up” Devin giggled. “I have to pee so bad if I stand up I’m gonna pee my pants”

“Sounds like you are out of options, dear”

“Shit you’re right” she said “well, I might as well enjoy the relief!”

Dressed in a black crop top and grey leggings, Devin spread her legs, and released. She breathed a sigh of relief as the warm piss pooled in her lap and in the chair as it ran to her thighs, down her legs and onto the floor. Before finishing she stood up and turned around, her ass thoroughly soaked.

“Wow. That felt amazing” Devin announced with a smile. Standing in a puddle and soaked in her own piss, she began to recount a story. “I did piss myself on accident like a few weeks ago” Devin confessed. He D cup breasts begging to escape her tight top. “I was at work and it was just me and Anthony. We were slammed! Literally the most crowded I’d seen it. I had to pee so bad but then we got so busy that I forgot! I was like doin the pee dance behind the bar. Then as I was taking an order... I just couldn’t wait” she giggled “all of a sudden the dam had broken and it just came gushing out of me. Like underwear, pants, socks, everything. I tried to put a towel in my crotch to act as a diaper but it didn’t do shit! But I was wearing black leggings so no one could even tell”

Devin stripped off her tight grey leggings and he little black G string. She ran her hand across he smooth, bald pussy, both it and her legs still glistening from the wetness of her own pee. She laid her pants down next to the other pairs of pee filled pants.

“That was exciting. I’m going to go play with Frenchie!” She told them other girls. Frenchie was her dildo

That left Blaise, Bri, Lizzie, Hallie, and Trish.

“Ok girls. You’ve made it this far. Time to turn things up a bit. I’m front of you is two beers. Please grab one, open it, and begin drinking it”

“I don’t think I have anywhere to put it!” Lizzie exclaimed.

“Yeah this is gonna be painful” Bri echoes

As the girls began to drink. Soon, they were close to finishing their first.

“So when was the last time you wet yourself, Trish?”

Trish smiled and crossed her legs as she took a sip of her beer.

“Well, last year, my boyfriend thought it would be hilarious to lock me out of the house when I really REALLY had to pee. He didn’t think I was serious. Thought I was exaggerating... until I wet my pants. Then he finally let me in”

Bri tapped her foot and gathered focus on something other than her bladder long enough to chime in “my boyfriend tickled me once until I peed my pants”

“Actually” Trish began as she finished her beer “that was the second to last time I wet my pants”

She uncrossed her legs and smiled in relief.

“Trish you are out!” Lizz spoke up.

“Yep” she acknowledged “I couldn’t wait any longer. I needed the relief. Continue with the game girls. I will still be the judge”

Trish remained in her wet white shorts as the 4 remaining contestants, Bri, Blaise, Hallie and Lizz, all struggled desperately not to join her.

“Uh oh!” Lizzie suddenly whispered.

“Yep” she said, confirm with herself she could hold it no longer. She stood up as he pee drenched her tan leggings and socks. Forming a massive puddle on the ground. However, soon distraction was diverted.

“Shit” Blaise said as she stood up and turned facing away

“Wow that feels hot” she said as she stood with her legs apart as her warm piss soaked her tight little ass and ran down her legs forming a puddle at her feet.

“I’m still going” Blaise informed as her stream slowed to a trickle.

Both Lizzie and Blaise took off their soaking wet pants and panties and walked to lay theirs in line next to Trish, their hairless pussies glistening from the wetness of their own piss. They stripped naked, exposing their breast along with their butts and pussies and walked off to take a shower.

So there they were, the last two, Bri the cheerleader, and Hallie, the young MILF. Trish could tell this contest wouldn’t last much longer.

“How are we feeling?” Trish asked.

“Full to the BRIM!” Bri responded

“Like I have a 10 pound rock sitting on my bladder” Hallie informed.

Both girls sat, more squirmed, as they struggled to finish their last beer. Bri stood up and was pacing around. Hallie remained seated. Biting her lip, jamming her hands into her crotch and crossing her legs as tightly as she could.

“This is bad.” Bri said “I’m not going to be able to hang on much longer!”

“I literally feel like my eyes are floating” Hallie said, struggling to get the words out.

Then, Trish got an idea

“You girls would probably hate it if I made you watch me” she said standing up

“Watch what?” Bri asked, hands jammed into her crotch as she shifted foot to foot

“Re-wet my little shorts!” Trish said, as another solid stream shot out of her already white shorts, making them transparent enough for the girls to see her little landing strip “it feels so good” she teased

“Uh oh. Oh no. Fuck. Shit” Bri said as she began to lose control into her little grey thong and leggings “Hallie, looks like you win” she informed as the floodgates opened up. In a matter of minutes. Her tights were thoroughly soaked! Running up her ass and down her legs, eventually soaking all the way around her left pants leg. “I can’t lie. This feels amazing”

As Bri finished wetting her leggings, Hallie shot up and made a mad dash to the bathroom. Though when she arrived, to her horror, she found it was locked.

“What the fuck open up!” She shouted

“We are in here!” Blaise responded

“Yeah go away we are in the shower” Lizzie barked.

Hallie could feel herself starting to leak. She didn’t have time to wait around. With a hand jammed into her pussy she ran for the upstairs bathroom, hoping to get there in time. But as she reached the first step, she froze, knowing she had lost the battle

“Oh no!” She shouted. “Fuck I couldn’t hold it” she stood there as if unable to move for a good 90 seconds as her bladder emptied into her underwear and down her pants. Hallie stripped off her white Capri pants and red underwear and through them immediately into the dryer. “Fuck” she murmured as she ran her hand across her smooth pussy.

“Can someone bring me the mop?”

“That was actually really fun” a now fully naked Bri stated. “We should do it again some time”

