Vicki Vale’s accident

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-01-25 04:23

It was morning in Gotham City, In Vicki’s appartment lay Vicki naked in bed. Her alarm clock rang and she released that she was naked, she has nightmares and takes her pyjamas off in the bed and she feels that she need to pee. She is very weird when she can she walks into the bathroom and instead of sitting on the toilet, she sticks her big ass out and then pees herself and wets the floor of the bathroom. She drinks a big glass of water, she drinks all of it and feels she needs to pee again. 

Instead of turning to use the toilet she walks out and goes back into bed and pretends to go back to sleep and wets the bed. She then get up and saw that she hadn’t shaved her pussy so she goes back to the bathroom to shave it. She get her razor and starts shaving it, but she doesn’t know that she has to shit. So she keeps shaving and she starts making farts, she thinks making farts when no one is watching funny. She keeps shaving then she makes three new farts and one more, but it is a wet fart and her shit falls on the floor she then realising it then, but she keeps messing on the floor. She finished shaving her pussy and then cleans up her messy accident.

She gets changed putting her white pants on and her light brown skirt and white top with light brown jacket. She then makes herself breakfast, she poured herself a big glass of orange juice and goes to her car and starts driving to work. On the way she fells her bladder hurting and she had to pee, but she couldn’t go now. She was very close to her work then on the sign it is rest area 31 miles, instead of going left to work she went right to the rest area. She continued riding and felt her urge getting worse, so she thought of putting some music on. That was not a good idea because after the song there was an add about water and played the sound of rain, she quickly turned it off. She sat there holding on trying not to pee herself. She looked at the sign saying 21 miles, she said that she would have wet herself by then. Her bladder was now half full and she squirmed, screamed and squeezed her legs together.

She then look at the next sign saying 10 miles, she squirmed even more. 9 8 7 6 5 4. When she got to 3 miles and had a full bladder, 3/2 she dampened and made her panties wet coming out of her pussy. Only 1 mile away she finally got there but found out the bathroom was a long walk to do because she took the back way and would wet herself in public halfway there. So she pulled her skirt down then her panties first she inspected her leaks. She took it off and moved her set back and peed on the car mat, relieving herself and feel the warmth of her hot golden pee. She then turned around and went back to work. She drove back to her work but she knew that wasn’t the worse, the worst was still to come.

She then asked for some coffee to be sent to her desk number 1989, her coffee come as she was creating new news articles, she then found that they gave her two coffees as she drank the first one up. She was halfway finished her article and drank the last coffee, she felt the urge to pee again.”Oh no not now!” she said, she hold in her urge but then thought of something it didn’t matter if she peed herself because she had her legs under a table, she had a spare skirt and panties in her handbag. So she sat there finishing her article, then when she finished she then drawed herself peeing her panties. She then looked at the time it was 3:00 PM it was time to met Bruce, but she hadn’t peed yet so she walked to the little girl’s room as she called it and sat on the toilet but nothing come out so she pulled everything back up and exited the building to get to her car to drive to Wayne Manor.

She then looks at the signs and sees that there is also a sign pointing to the rest area the same one she went to. She then finally gets to Wayne Manor, Alfred comes opening the door for Vicki he then said “Master Wayne is expecting you” and walks in and see Bruce in his favourite tuxedo. Bruce says that he’s got a wonderful gift for her, it was a white dress she puts it on. Bruce takes her to the table as Alfred has cook lunch, Bruce then says “do you want a drink?” Vicki says “yes, please a champagne.” Bruce says “Alfred bring out the he champagne.” Alfred does as they finish eating and Vicki needs to pee, so she asks Bruce where is the bathroom? Bruce replies with keep walking straight down on the right side. She follows that and finds the girl’s bathroom and walks in she goes into the first vacant room. She pulls down her dress and sits on the toilet peeing.

Then she hears Bruce’s voice calling Vicki, Vicki, VICKI!!! Vicki fell asleep and she wets herself in her dress. Then Bruce takes off her dress and lets her stay in her her wet panties and bra they then go into the bedroom Vicki takes off her bra and panties and Bruce takes off his tuxedo and pants. They both are lying in the bed and kissing until the Bat signal showed up. Vicki thinks that Bruce likes her weird side.

*003*2018-01-25 07:10

Thanks check out Lois Lane

