Freya's Pee Adventures 1.1

Author: BlueWizard83

*000*2022-08-13 21:49

###

Freya's Pee adventures 1.1

Welcome to the First Part of Freya's Pee adventures.

Freya:

18 Years Old

5'6

120 lbs

Blond Hair

Blue Eyes

Tanned Skin

Athletic Build

Long Legs

German Decent

A Sprinter at her Local School

From a Small Town in Iowa

Freya's Online Class Pee Desperation

Thursday morning 7:10 am in mid-March, It was a cold wet morning. Freya sat in front of her computer and prepared for the online lessons. Lessons started at 7:30 a.m., so Freya took the chance to make herself a coffee and use the toilet. Freya's lessons started as usual. During the only break in the online class at 10:15 a.m., Freya quickly made herself another cup of coffee. The last 3 hours were history, a subject she was quite fond of. She never actually paid attention in class, but she always got good grades. Their teacher Mr. Edwards was the only teacher who insisted on the camera, with every other teacher they were allowed to turn off the camera during class. The first 10 minutes of class passed as usual, but then Freya felt unusually high pressure in her bladder. She wasn't worried yet as she usually has a very large bladder.

A few moments passed before she realized that she had to last 2 more hours before she was allowed to go to the bathroom. She turned her attention back to the lesson and tried to push that feeling away. Her bladder was becoming more and more urgent by the minute. Freya turned her camera up a little to hide her tightly crossed legs. Her thoughts were only on her bladder, none of her brain cells could focus on the lesson. Mr. Edwards gave the students an individual assignment for the next 45 minutes. Freya sensed her chance but her hopes were crushed when Mr Edwards kept asking for the camera so no one left during the time. Resigned to the thought that she couldn't use the restroom until after class, she sat on her heels and began to work on her assignments.

She somehow managed to complete the assignments with her lack of focus in Time. Mr. Edwards started discussing the assignments, but Freya had other thoughts. In the meantime, Freya was sitting "normally" again in her chair, her legs could not stand still, they were constantly shaking. Freya crossed her right leg over her left and placed her right hand between her crossed legs. She tried to control her assignments as there will be a test on these subjects next week, but her urgency made it almost impossible. She put down her pen and pressed her left hand between her crossed legs as well.

It was now 11:50 a.m., only 40 minutes until she could go to the toilet, but Freya wasn't sure if she could make it until then. Freya tucked her right leg behind her left leg in a double cross to put more counter pressure on her bladder. Freya was glad no one could see her twisted legs. She was determined not to twist her legs apart until the end of class, which is exactly what she did.

12:20 p.m., Freya was now at her limit, there were already a few drops in her panties. Freya repeatedly uncrossed her double-crossed legs and double-crossed them again on the other side, but nothing helped. She dug her hands deep into her crotch, but that was quite difficult with her double-crossed legs. Freya's eyes started to water and she didn't know what to do anymore. but then it was over, Mr. Edwards saying goodbye to his students. With nothing holding her in her chair, she turned off her camera and ran out of the room with both hands in her crotch.

But when Freya wanted to run into the bathroom she got a shock, it was occupied, it could only be her older sister Theresia, otherwise nobody was at home. She held on to the door and double-crossed her legs while standing. She slowly lost control but at the last second her sister came out of the bathroom and Freya ran in, she slammed the door in front of her puzzled sister and ripped off her tight black leggings. But she had to stop halfway to grab her crotch again, but she couldn't hold it back anymore. her pee was slowly running down her leg, she was frozen, she could hardly believe it.

The End

