Mommy?

Author: BlueBirdNails

*000*2022-05-14 21:52

The Ouran High Host Club had been started by my best friend, Tamaki. And, while I resent him in every way possible, I must admit, he was smart to form the club.

I was trying to walk to the Music Room when I heard, "Kyoya! Kyoya!? Mommy!" Of course. Tamaki.

I'm not quite sure why he calls me Mommy. Sometimes it makes the girls swoon because the words are gay, but I don't think that's his intentions.

"Mommy!" He shouted again, so I slowed my pace to walk beside him.

"Yes?"

"Have you seen Haruhi?" He asked impatiently. I shook my head. "No. Perhaps she's with the twins? Or Honey?"

He sighe. "I guess. Mommy?"

"Yes?"

"Why does she almost never hang out with me?"

I smirked. "Maybe she doesn't like you."

"What?!" He shrieked. I had to assure him many times that I was joking because he wouldn't stop crying.

When we got to the Music Room, he sat down and talked to Haruhi, who was eating cake with Honey.

The girls started arriving, and everyone took their places. Halfway through, I accused myself to use the restroom. Right as I was about to leave, Tamaki announced, "Okay girls! It's study hall, so that means you girls get a tiny break from all of us, and can come back later during free time!" The girls started to crowd the exit, so I moved to let them through.

Once they were gone, I tried to leave again. "Kyoya!" Hikaru said.

I groaned. "Yeah?"

"Where are you going?" Kauru asked.

"The restroom." I said through gritted teeth. He raised an eyebrow, whispered something to Hikaru, and they both skipped over to me, smirking.

"You have to pee?" Hikaru asked.

I nodded.

"Then go." Kauru suggested.

"I was trying to-Ugh, never mind." I took a step forward but Kauru blocked me.

"Hey, let me-"

"Haruhi! Mori! Honey!" The yelled at the same time. "Come here! Free cake!" Honey came trampling through, pulling Mori with him. Haruhi followed. Tamaki was too busy checking teapots to notice.

Kauru and Hikaru ran out the door with the others, and just as I tried to as well, they closed the door. And locked it.

"Fu c k!" I yelled.

Tamaki turned and looked at me. "What?"

I yelled.

"What?" Tamaki asked, more concerned.

"They locked us in here!" I shouted.

Tamaki tilted his head. "Oh. Well, that sucks, but they'll come back-"

"You don't understand! I have to use the bathroom!" I yelled. I wasn't clutching my crotch. I couldn't, it's immature. But I needed to so badly.

Tamaki didn't say anything. But he put a hand to his chin. "I'll do everything I can." He announced.

So.

He texted the twins. They only laughed. He texted Haruhi. She didn't respond. Nor did Mori or Honey. I noticed they left their phones. I cursed.

Tamaki looked at me. "How bad do you need to go?"

"A bit above moderate." I muttered.

"I'll take your mind off it. Come on, let's play truth or dare!" Tamaki suggested. I nodded. We played truth or dare for half an hour, until I let out a soft moan. I hadn't intended for him to hear, but he did.

He stared at me. I went red. "Y-you heard that?"

He nodded slowly. "If you have to go, why not hold yourself?" He asked.

"It's immature." I snapped.

"Well, I won't mind."

I hesitated, but, after a few seconds, flung my hands at my crotch, squeezing it. Tamaki smiled, and continued played truth or dare with me.

After another half hour, I was grinding my teeth together. I was near crying. My hands were pressed against my groin so hard they were blue, but it wasn't helping. "Shit." I said. Tamaki looked up. "Oh, no."

I squeezed my legs together, looking down. "Ow." I whispered.

Tamaki sat beside me. "Are you okay? How much longer can you hold it?"

"Not much longer."

He bit his lip. Looked around.

"I don't know what to do." He admitted, started to cry.

"Don't," I snapped. "Don't cry. Don't make me look like the bad guy."

Tamaki sniffed and wiped a tear, looking at me astonished. "You're not," He said. "not at all!" I gritted my teeth harder and closed me eyes, and I felt a leak dampen my boxers.

"Shit." I said again. Tamaki looked even more nervous.

"Kyoya..." He whispered. I started crying. Which is something I never do.

"Oh, Kyoya." He said again, putting a hand on my shoulder.

I was about to burst. I just sat there, rocking myself. Tamaki texted the twins again, but they didn't respond.

I was practically sobbing, now. He put a hand on my back and rubbed it. I was petrified and miserable, but above all, I was relieved it was Tamaki I was stuck in the room with. Anyone else I would have been too embarrassed.

I started crying heavier, and soon I couldn't even speak I was sobbing so much. Tamaki's arm was wrapped around me. I couldn't think about anything else. Just what I was about to do.

I just screamed.

Tamaki looked alarmed, and asked me, "What's wrong? Kyoya?

I didn't respond. Just reached out for his hands. I instantly got up and held them, and, somehow, knew I wanted to get up. So he helped me stand. After I immediately stuffed my hands back into my crotch.

Tamaki looked like he knew what was about t happen. "Kyoya, it's okay..." He said, soothingly. I wasn't crying anymore, I was just terrified. I was about to piss my pants in front of my fu c king best friend, for hell's sake!

At some point, I couldn't feel anything. And then, a second later, liquid. Streaming down my legs. I moved my hands and stared at my pants, horrified.

Tamaki turned away. I covered my eyes. When I was finished, I muttered, "Y-you can look now."

So he did. He instantly hugged me, let go, ran to the broom closet, and brought out an extra uniform and underwear. "Here." He handed them to me.

"Thanks." I whispered. I changed into it, not minding if he saw or not. When I was done and my filthy old clothes were thrown away, and the room was sprayed with perfume to cover the smell, all I did was run at Tamaki and hug him tight.

He instantly hugged back, whispering things like, "I'm sorry..."

"It's alright, Tamaki. You did the best you could."

He nodded. There was a knock on the door. "Oh, that must be the rest of the club. I'm going to yell at the twins!" Tamaki exclaimed. I smiled. But, before he could run off, I grabbed his hand and kissed his cheek.

He froze, went red, but brushed it off and ran to the door. He opened it and immediately started screaming at the twins.

They seemed genuinely sorry, perhaps they didn't know how badly I needed to go. Honey, Mori, and Haruhi apologized, too, even though they didn't do anything wrong. And then, the worst question.

"Did...Did you actually pee yourself?" Haruhi asked.

I went pink and looked down.

"He's blushing and wearing clothes that don't fit. I assume it's a yes." Mori said quietly.

They apologized again.

I didn't care much, I was just embarrassed. Tamaki kept yelling at the twins. He was very angry. He yelled until I literally told him to stop.

A knock on the door.

"The girls." I said.

We all got ready, and then opened the door. They entered excitedly.

Halfway during my time with a regular of mine, Tamaki walked over to my seat. He whispered something into my ear. I went red.

"Those clothes are far too big. Let's go to my house after school and take them off?"

