Abbey's Devotion

Author: bestrapperalive

*000*2023-09-05 01:51

This is a very short story I wrote several months ago while experimenting with Sudowrite. I honestly don't remember how heavily I used Sudowrite, because if you read this story, it reads pretty much like something I'd write on my own (see: the other story I posted on this site, and the terrifying amount of stories I didn't post on this site). I guess that's supposed to be the whole point of Sudowrite, so maybe that's not surprising? Anyway, I definitely did use it, so, full disclosure there. It's just a short, fun, unrealistic one-off, with less plot and more smut than I usually write, hope it brightens someone's day.

Advisory - It ends with an incredibly short sex scene, in case you're not into that. Come to think of it, that's the one part where I can definitely see the hand of the AI... I'm not sure I would have come up with some of the cringily florid pose in that section on my own...

**************

Abbey and Max had been standing in line forever. It was one of those long, winding lines that seemed to stretch on for miles, the kind of line inhabited only by fanatical devotees of whatever item or event waited at the end. In this case, it was tickets. Max's favorite band had come out of retirement to play one last exclusive concert in their area, and, in response to the rise in online ticket purchase fiascos, had made the tickets available only in person, creating this endless line that they had now been standing in for hours.

Abbey would much rather have been at home, eating breakfast, cuddling with Max and watching anime, something that might have been apparent to an outsider just from her died green and purple hair, long bangs, and round glasses. She was cripplingly shy, scared of people, and would never have come out to the city like this by herself. But she was totally devoted to Max, and when he asked if she would come with him to keep him company while he got the tickets, she'd agreed without hesitation.

Several hours in however, Abbey was beginning to think she'd made a mistake. They had known the line would be long, but even arriving two hours early, they'd still ended up nowhere near the front of it. The problem with this wasn't boredom. Max was the love of her life, and just being with him was enough to make her happy. They watched animal TikToks on her phone, played games of "I spy" looking around the city from their spot in the line, and, when they tired of all that, just stood their, holding hands, enjoying each others touch.

No, the problem wasn't standing in line, per se. It was that Abbey had never had the strongest bladder, and by now, she desperately needed to pee. She'd drank an iced latte and half of her water bottle since the last time she'd been to the bathroom, with the boredom of standing in line causing her to sip her drinks compulsively - a rookie mistake, she could see now. As the pressure in her bladder built steadily, Abbey promised herself that she'd be able to tough it out, but as the minutes ticked by with no relief in sight, her anxiety started to rise. She shifted from one foot to the other, squeezing her thighs together and trying to find a comfortable position, but to no avail. She took deep breaths, hoping that by relaxing her mind she could reduce her physical discomfort as well, but it wasn't really working. No matter what physical or mental permutation she attempted, the urge to pee only grew and grew.

Abbey tried to keep things to herself, not wanting to worry or bother Max, not wanting to deal with the awkwardness of confronting her wayward bodily functions, and not wanting to admit to herself how bad of a situation she was in. But finally, she could take it no longer. She grabbed Max's arm and, in a small, embarrassed voice, whispered, "I really need to use the bathroom."

Max looked at her, his eyes soft and sympathetic. He'd been with Abbey for two years now, and he knew without having to ask that her anxiety meant she would be too scared to go off into the city and find a bathroom by herself. He also knew that she wouldn't bring something like this up unless she'd already been struggling silently for some time, and so, as much as it pained him, he took her seriously right away.

"Do you want me to help you find one?" he asked, any reluctance buried deep enough that it couldn't be detected in his voice.

Abbey blushed, and in spite of everything, she felt her heart swell a bit at Max's kindness. With the line being this long, leaving their spot was basically a guarantee that they wouldn't be getting tickets, and Max knew that as well as her. Yet without even being asked, he was willing to throw away his once in a lifetime chance to see his favorite band, just to help accommodate her anxiety and keep her from embarrassing herself. She wasn't ready to let him down yet, and she shook her head.

"No," she said firmly, squeezing his arm. "We can't give up after all this. I can wait."

"Are you sure?" Max asked, and Abbey could see the conflict in his eyes. He obviously wanted to believe her, wanted it to be the case that they were going to be fine, and be able to get their tickets, and he was trying not to let that cloud his judgement.

Abbey nodded emphatically.

"I'll be fine. I just needed some sympathy, but I can hold it."

But Abbey wasn't sure she was telling the truth. As the line remained stationary, she could see no way out. Even if the line started moving soon, she already wasn't sure she could last till the ticket window. As Max tried various ways of distracting her, she found herself getting quieter and quieter, barely able to engage with anything other than her bladder. She couldn't remember having to pee this badly since the time in middle school when she'd wet herself on the bus during a field trip, and that fact didn't exactly inspire optimism. Max could see the desperation in her eyes, and he squeezed her hand reassuringly.

"You okay?"

Abbey nodded, holding back a whimper. Max put his arm around her and kissed her on the forehead.

"Thanks so much for doing this with me Abbey," he said gratefully. "I'm sorry you're so uncomfortable, hopefully this line starts moving soon. The ticket booth should be open by now."

Abbey managed a little nervous smile, and in spite of everything, she felt a tiny surge of affection at his sweet words. Evidently, she was doing a good enough acting job that Max hadn't totally caught on to just how bad things were getting, and she wasn't sure if that was good or bad. She wanted to grab herself between the legs and squirm like a worm on a fish hook, but she knew that if her desperation was any more visible, her cover would be blown, and Max would realize for sure how dire the situation was and insist that they find her a bathroom. Could she possibly go by herself, and rise above her fear? It was a terrifying thought, far more terrifying than even the worst alternative outcome. No, she had to find a way to make this work. She had to hold it. She had to. For Max. So she just held his hand, and squeezed her thighs together, and waited.

And waited.

And waited.

Abbey felt a little blush of warmth from between her legs, and panic gripped her. She clung to Max's arm, willing herself to hold it, but she knew now, beyond any shadow of a doubt that it was a lost cause. If she stayed in this line, she was going to pee her pants.

A normal person would, at this point, have abandoned the line. Indeed, a truly normal person would have abandoned it a long time ago, and gone off by themselves to find a Starbucks or a public toilet where they could relieve themselves, then return to their partner waiting in line. But Abbey wasn't normal. Even with her underwear now damp, or perhaps ESPECIALLY with her underwear now damp, she was not going to leave Max's side. That left her two choices. Make him leave the line, and ruin his entire day, or pee her pants, and... possibly still ruin his entire day.

It was an agonizing situation, and if Abbey waited much longer, it was going to resolve itself naturally against her will. How would that feel? It would be mortifying, a completely insane thing to wet herself as a sober, healthy young adult. Given that, most people would have ruled this option out entirely from the moment it crossed their mind. But Abbey wasn't most people. Her own embarrassment was secondary, and there was only one person in this city whose reaction really mattered to her. What would Max think? He had wanted these tickets for so long, and she knew that he wanted to see this show more than anything else in the world. But he probably also wanted his girlfriend to not pee her pants. Would he be mad at her? Ashamed to be seen with her? Would he insist they leave the line anyway, to go get her cleaned up, leaving her responsible for both ruining his chance at tickets, AND embarrassing him by wetting herself in public?

@@Abbey closed her eyes and breathed deeply. Max had always been so patient and understanding with her, even when she was acting at her most neurotic. She knew he would never be angry with her, no matter what happened. When Abbey opened her eyes and looked up at him, she saw the same gentle expression she'd known since the day they'd met. She wanted to tell him, she NEEDED to tell him that she was about to pee her pants, that she had already peed a tiny bit in her underwear, and ask him what she should do, ask him to save her somehow, ask him to please understand. But she couldn't find the right words. How could she get him to honestly tell her what he wanted? How could she know which outcome he would prefer, deep down, and not just what he would choose out of concern for her? She had to be strong. She had to tell him what was happening, and make him understand that even if it seemed absurd, she would do anything for him. She would pee her pants right here in this line, if he would just let her.

"Max," she said quietly, her voice tight with emotion, her eyes never leaving his. "There's something I need to tell you. I'm... I'm going to pee my pants."

"What?" Max asked, shocked and concerned. "Abbey, why didn't you say something? Come on, let's go find you a bathroom!"

But when he tried to move, Abbey gripped his arm with all the strength she had, and stayed rooted to the spot, shaking her head.

"N-no. I don't want to leave the line. I know how important this is to you, and I don't want to ruin it."

"Abbey..." said Max in disbelief, "I care a lot about these tickets, but I care way more about you. I don't want you to have an accident just so I can go to some concert."

"But I don't care," said Abbey, her words quavering but passionate. "I don't care about having an... accident. As long as you'll still love me, I don't care if I pee my pants."

Max looked at her, pain and affection in his eyes.

"Of course I'd still love you. There is nothing you could do that would make me not love you."

"You won't be disgusted?" Abbey asked in a tiny, shy whisper.

Max shook his head.

"Of course not, but it's not about that. I would never ask you to embarrass yourself like that for me and some stupid concert."

"I won't be embarrassed... as long as you're not," Abbey said, gripping him tighter.

Max pulled her into a hug, stroking her hair.

"I could never be embarrassed by you. I just don't want you to feel like you have to do this for me."

Abbey felt tears of emotion in her eyes as she returned the hug, her heart feeling like it would explode from the love she felt.

"I'd do anything for you," she whispered.

She meant it, and it seemed like Max could tell, because he hugged her even tighter, and when he spoke, he too sounded choked with emotion.

"I love you so much," he murmured.

Abbey buried her head in his shoulder.

"I love you too. I love you so, so much."

They stood there like that for a second, and even though they were stuck in this unending line of strangers, Abbey felt totally protected by Max. She was safe and loved, and she knew that no matter what happened, Max would be there for her. She also knew that he still felt guilty. He wanted to keep her safe and happy, and she knew he didn't feel right putting her in such a compromising situation. When they finally pulled back a bit, Abbey could see the agony in his eyes. She knew that he was making the same calculation that she had been, in reverse. He'd been dreaming of a chance to see this band, just like so many others in their cult following, for years and years now, and against all odds, he had the chance. But could he really live with his girlfriend, his soulmate, wetting herself in public to help him keep his place in this line? How could he sleep at night, knowing he'd made her do something so insane?

"Abbey," Max said quietly, after a moment. "It means so much to me that you'd be willing to do something like this, it really does. But we should really go find you a bathroom. It's too bad about the tickets, but I can't let you have an accident."

But Abbey had made her decision. This was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for Max, and she was willing to do literally whatever it took. She took his hands, and gave him the most decisive look she could muster.

"N-no," she said, and although her voice was barely audible, her words were fierce with determination. "I'm not moving. You said you wouldn't be embarrassed, and that's all that matters to me. To be completely honest, I... I don't know if I could make it to the bathroom anyway, even if we went right now."

Max looked a little pale at this, but she could tell that this last piece of information had proven persuasive. If she wasn't going to make it anyway, what choice did he have? Still, it was obvious that he still felt responsible for the situation, and she tried to reassure him.

"Max... Please. You don't have to feel bad," Abbey insisted. "I made this choice. I could have said something sooner, but I didn't. I want us to get these tickets, and I'm not going to let my stupid bladder get in the way."

Max just stared at her, incredulous, amazed, but finally, acquiescent.

"Okay Ab," he said finally. "If you're sure this is what you want, like, absolutely totally sure, then I'm okay with it. You don't have to hold it any longer," he said with a small, wry smile.

Abbey felt her heart swell again with love and determination.

"Just stay close to me," she whispered.

@@She wrapped herself around his arm again, and pressed herself to his side as they waited in line. Abbey continued to hold it as long as she could, wanting to be able to say she tried her best, but it was only a few more minutes before the inevitable happened. She felt a warm trickle meandering down her leg, then another, and then it was happening. She squeezed Max to steady herself, and they both looked down at her light blue jeans, on which lines were being drawn from her crotch to her ankles like an etch a sketch. Soon, it was just one long, shimmering stain, and Abbey felt the urine pooling in her Converse sneakers, and saw it running along the sidewalk in multiple directions. Max didn't flinch, even as some of the puddle ran under his own shoes. Abbey almost wanted to moan with relief, as the torture of the last few hours finally ended, in a hot, torrential downpour inside her pants. She could hear people whispering, both passers by and the other people in the line, but she didn't care. It was embarrassing, sure, and she felt a blush heating her cheeks in spite of herself, but it was okay. As long as Max was there, she knew she could get through it.

Max grinned at her reassuringly, pulling her even closer with the arm she had latched on to.

"Feel better?" he asked.

"Wet, but better," she laughed sheepishly.

The people behind her in the line were giving her disgusted looks and shaking their heads, but Abbey didn't mind. She knew what she had done, and she had done it for the person she loved. That made it all worth it. She felt such a powerful surge of affection for Max, who accepted her social phobia and the results that it produced without even a single complaint. If she could have, she would have kissed him as hard as she could right there. Max seemed to feel the same way, because he extracted his arm from her grasp and put it around her shoulder, allowing her to wrap both arms around him as they stood there, still going nowhere in this intractable line.

"We might be here for a while still," said Max apologetically. "Are you going to be okay?"

Abbey nodded.

"If you start feeling too uncomfortable, we can still leave," he assured her. "I won't be mad."

"As long as I'm with you, I'm okay," said Abbey softly, resting her head on his chest.

"Well, that's good," Max said, with a twinkle in his eyes. "Because I'm not going anywhere, ever."

Abbey smiled, feeling as if a blanket of warmth and security had been pulled over her. She knew that no matter what happened, Max would always be there for her. As much as she'd proven her devotion to Max with her willingness to pee her pants, she felt equally reassured of his devotion to her through his complete absence of shame or judgement, and she pressed her forehead against his chest, feeling content.

And so they stood in line, Abbey with her wet jeans and Max with his arm around her, as the sun made its way overhead, and slowly, ever so slowly, the line began to move. It felt like it couldn't be real, after so long standing in that one place, but it was, and as they shuffled forward at an agonizing pace, the ticket counter finally came into view, and then, incredibly, they were there.

When the young, tattooed woman behind the ticket counter saw Abbey's pants, her jaw dropped. She stared at the stain as if hypnotized, temporarily forgetting her job.

"Two, tickets, please," Max said in an even tone, as if nothing out of the ordinary was happening.

The woman fumbled with the tickets, her eyes darting back to Abbey's pants whenever she couldn't help herself. She looked like she was biting her tongue, trying to resist the temptation to say what she was thinking.

"Long line, huh?" she said at last.

"Too long," said Max nodded.

"But it was worth it," piped up Abbey, to her own surprise.

The woman stared at the urine-soaked jeans, then up at their happy faces, then back at the jeans, then back at them.

"Have a great show," she said finally, with an awkward smile.

@@Max took the tickets from the woman, and put his arm around Abbey again as they walked away. Abbey felt like she was glowing. Somehow, what should have been one of the most humiliating moments of her life seemed also to be filling her with a different emotion entirely. She still felt the shame, the embarrassment, the complete degradation as each new set of eyes latched on to her pissed jeans, and widened in awe. Part of her couldn't help but feel like child, a silly little girl who hadn't planned her bathroom breaks properly, was too scared to go potty by herself, and couldn't hold it. But she also felt something else. With Max there for her, filling her with the confidence that she was loved in spite of it all, she felt... sexy? Abbey thought back to the feeling of being so close to him in line while she emptied her bladder into her pants, and the feeling of trust and love that it had instilled. The line had been almost like a game of daring, or a test of devotion that she had passed with flying colors. She had performed the ultimate act of submission to Max's needs, and when she looked at it through that lens it was undeniably erotic. She clung to Max like a wild animal as they walked, digging her nails in, and she could tell that he was getting the message. He gave her a look of dawning realization, and as they reached the parking lot, exiting the sea of people on the streets, he pulled her into a bone breaking hug, and, as if they'd planned it the whole day, he kissed her.

Abbey kissed him back with a hungry urgency, and when they broke apart, she whispered desperately to him.

"I want you so badly right now."

"We're almost to the car," he said soothingly. "It's only a 30 minute drive home."

"I don't know if I can wait 30 minutes," moaned Abbey.

Max glanced around at the scattered people moving throughout the lot, and realized that he needed to get Abbey out of here before she completely lost it.

"Come on," he said, and he dragged her to the car. There were no towels or plastic bags in the car, but he put down as many paper towels as he could find on the seat for Abbey's wet pants and they took off.

The drive home was a blur of anticipation and excitement, and Abbey and Max barely said a word to each other as they drove. The only sound was their breathing, and the sound of their hearts thumping madly in their chests. Max's free hand kept wandering to Abbey's leg, where every touch sent a tingle of lightning up her spine, producing a scattering of tiny moans.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, they arrived home. Abbey barely managed to kick off her squelching sneakers before they rushed into the bedroom, unable to contain their passion any longer. Max helped her unbutton her soaked jeans, yanking them down her pee streaked legs until she was standing before him in just her stained underwear and a t-shirt. He stepped back, taking a moment to appreciate the beautiful sight before him, and Abbey blushed as she saw the hunger in his eyes. She stepped towards him, pressing her body against his, and he wrapped his arms around her tightly.

They kissed passionately, and then, without warning, Max picked her up and placed her on the bed. He discarded the rest of their clothing and then moved to her, their bodies gliding together as if they were made for each other.

Abbey moaned in pleasure as Max touched her, exploring her body with his hands, his mouth, his tongue, and it was as if all the humiliation of earlier had melted away, and all that was left was the intense connection between them.

They moved in sync, their bodies finding a perfect harmony as they rocked together until they both reached their climax, the pleasure washing over them in waves.

When they were finished, they lay together, sweaty and exhausted, and Abbey felt a profound sense of love and contentment greater than any she had felt before.

"Is it just me," said Max, panting, "or was the best sex we've ever had?"

Abbey couldn't stop smiling as she spooned her naked body around his and whispered into his ear.

"It's not just you."

And she planted one last kiss on his lips, as the shimmer of the possibilities they'd just unlocked hung over them like a haze in summer.

