Yowamushi pedal

Author: bunny

*000*2016-05-21 08:37

It was a hot day in the middle of summer and kinjou's club had to take extra lessons because they had missed some days of school during the training camp. imaizumi and kinjou both regretted that they drank to much water during lunch. There were still ten minutes left of the last lesson and then they had 5 minutes free time before training started. Today during training they had stamina training so they were going to run a lot. imaizumi and kinjou were crossing and uncrossing there legs during the last 5 minutes of class but what they didn't know was that makishima was watching them. Class was over and makishima left first he sprinted to the bathroom and hung a out of order note on the door than he hid himself behind a corner and waited.

He saw kinjou walking to the bathroom. Kinjou saw the note and bit on his lip than he walked to the clubroom to get ready for practise. A minute later he saw imaizumi doing the same and when he was gone he took the note away and threw it away just in time. He heard footsteps and saw naruko, onoda and Tadokoro going inside, he also went inside to relieve himself and when they were done peeing they were walking towards the clubroom and they changed. Everyone was paired up in a pair of 2 naruko and tadokoro (pair 1), onoda and makishima (pair 2) and kinjou and imaizumi (pair 3). Pair 1 started. After 5 minutes pair 2 started and kinjou and imaizumi were waiting alone with their thights together. Five minutes later they started.

Imaizumi's thoughts

I need the toilet, i need to pee, i hope the running course isn't to long because only the third years know it. I have to hold on and try to run a bit faster so that i am not suspicious,

Kinjou's thoughts

Damn i need the toilet. The running course is not so long, i can hold it, i have to hold it. I have to hold on and try to run a bit faster so that i am not suspicious,

After 25 minutes running

Imaizumi's thoughts

Fuck i think i can't hold it anymore. I need to pee so badly. I hope kinjou doesn't notice wait he seems slow. Does he has the same problem? Oh no i want to hold my dick but i can't. Maybe if i can let a spurt esape i can relieve some pressure and can hold it through the end. Here goes nothing 1...2...3 relax ah no it only made it worse, Maybe i have to tell kinjou.

Kinjou's thoughts

Damn i am alnost at my limit i don't think i can hold it much longer. I hope imaizumi doesn't notice wait he is acting strange. Does he has the same problem? I know we have to run for another 20 minutes but i can't hold on so long anymore. My bladder hurts so much i never held it so long, fuck a spurt escaped. I think i need to tell imaizumi.

Kinjou says; Imaizu wait a bit

Imaizumi says;Ok why?

Kinjou says; I kinda need to pee.

Imaizumi says; M...me t..to

Kinjou says; The course is another 20 minutes can you hold it ?

Imaizumi says; No i am almost at my limit.

Kinjou says; I am at my limit to but if you can wait five minutes than we enter the woods and we can pee there. I normally don't do that but i don't want to wet myself.

Imaizumi says; Ok i will try to hold.

Both of them were now running towards the woods with a hand inside their pants that was holding their dick. They were now in the woods.

Kinjou says; You go behind that tree and i go behind this tree.

Imaizumi says; ok

Imaizumi's zipper was stuck he couldn't get it undone. He tried and tried but it didn't work, He heard that kinjou has started to pee and just when he wanted to give up.

Kinjou says; Are you okay i don't hear you peeing.

Imaizumi says; No my zipper is stuck.

Kinjou says; Can you wait till i am done i just started peeing.

Imaizumi says; I.....don't think i can.

Kinjou says; Try to walk to me i shall help you with my free hand.

Imaizumi says; ok

Kinjou says; You can do it, come on you are almost here.

Imaizumi says; H....hurry please it is almost coming out.

Kinjou says; I can't do it with one hand and i am still not done with peeing. Can you remove one hand and hold my dick for me so i can try to unzip your pants.

Imaizumi says; O...ok

Kinjou says; I know it is weird but we don't have a choice. I will try to unzip you pants.

Imaizumi says; H...h.urry it can come out any minute.

Kinjou says; Ok by the way i am done peeing you can let go of my dick. Try to hold on a bit longer you can use both your hands now. So hold yourself then i can put my dick back in my pants,

Imaizumi says; Ok but hurry please.

Kinjou says; I will try now so hold on.

Imaizumi says; Hurry it started to come out.

Kinjou says; Your zipper is open.

Imaizumi says; Please pull my dick out i don't have any strengt left from all the holding.

Kinjou says; okay here we go.

Imaizumi says; thanks... aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh

Kinjou says; It seems you had to go quite urgent.

Imaizumi says; Yeah i already had to go before practise started but the toilets were out of order.

Kinjou says; I saw it to, you are done so put your dick back.

Imaizumi says; Ok is there a visible patch on my pants?

Kinjou says; No why?

Imaizumi says; Because my underwear is a bit soaked.

Kinjou says; Lets get back. Maybe i shall make rule that everyone need to go to the toilet together so this doesn't have to happen again.

Imaizumi says; Maybe but this is our secret.

When they were back they never spoke of it again.

