An unlucky school trip

Author: biondi

*000*2017-07-07 15:42

This is my first story so let me know if you'd like to read more

Some information about tha class: there're 15 females and 10 boys, they were dividen in five groups with three girls and two boys each, every teacher has a group, teachers are four women and one man

Group A, teacher: female, point of view: a girl

Today was a very sad day, we started our trip at 6am, we are going to visit some museums and publick parks. We arrived at our destination after two hours, I had to use the toilet but no one seemed to use it too so I thought I could hold it. The visit at the museum was hell, it was so hot inside that my friends and me had to drink something like 1L of water.

After one hour we finally went out of that pain and we went to a public park to rest ourself: "hey am I the only one who really needs to pee ?"-said a boy-"no I have to go as well"-said my best friend-"I think we all need to go"-said the teacher-"let's find a public toilet, I'm sure there will be in this park". As expected we found one but it was disgusting, there was just one stall without a door with dust everywhere "How disgusting, I think is better if we try another place, do you think you can hold it guys ?" suggested the teachers, we all agreed: I swear we walked for like half an hour without finding nothing "teacher can I please pee behind that tree ? I really need to, I'm about to explode"-said a boy-"I have to go worse than you"-said I-"guys please we can't pee here, there'are people around"-"teacher please, we can't wait"-"please hold it a little bit, we will pee in that disgusting toilet".

We finally arrived there and the teacher said "ok now form a queue and..." she couldn't even finish that my best friend rushed to that stall, squatted over the hole in the floor and started peeing: "I'm sorry but I really couldn't wait longer" the sound of her peeing was like a torture for us, one of the boy said "sorry teacher, I can't wait her to finish" he took out his penis and he started peeing on the floor "if he does it I'll do it too" and so the other boy did the same

"I know you are boys but couldn't you control yourself ? we are trying to be educated" as our teacher said it the other girls walked past the boys, took off her panties and squatted on the floor "they have already made a puddle so I don't care anymore" after like two minutes of peeing my best friend left the stall "teacher could I go use it ?"-"yes but be fast please, I'm at my limit too" I run straight to the stall and I started a strong hissing pee "are you about to end ?"-asked me my teacher-"no I just started"-"ok fine since everybody here peed on the floor I won't wait" and she squatted over the floor too "ahh it's feels so good". We left that toilet with a lake on the floor, this will remain forever our secrets.

That's the first group, let me know if you would like the other four

*002*2017-07-08 05:21

{{7 hours ago, Tapris-chama said:

The concept sounds good, but the presentation could be a little better.

Firstly, having it all as one paragraph makes it incredibly hard to read as there's no clear indication of flow other than a torrent of text, so everything just merges together.

Secondly, there's not really any buildup to the climax, making the whole thing seem kind of rushed.

Thirdly, the characters are just presented forward with nothing but a gender to go by. While that might allow the reader to shape the world and characters as they see fit, it just looks to me like a cop out on the writer's part.

Finally, the whole story just ended in such an unbelievable way that it kind of killed the whole premise. It just seems like fetish-fodder with little to no thought put behind it.

I'm really sorry for sounding so negative, but this needs a good deal of work done on it if you want to make it into a series. My suggestion would be browsing the well received fiction submissions in the forum for pointers, or perhaps dropping an Author a message for some guidance to make your work shine.

Everybody has the skills to write really good stories, it's just finding a style that works for you and applying the fundamentals of good story writing to it. Best of luck in perfecting your work. :)

}}

I know I'll add names next time, I don't know why is very hard for me to write good stories in english

