Vicki Vale’s Messy Accident

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-06-16 22:21

Vicki woke up in her bedroom, she was on top of the sheets, naked and looked around for Bruce Wayne. She realised she was not anymore at Wayne Manor but at her house, still naked and after having sex with Bruce, who she secretly know is Batman. She looked at her watch to see what the time was it was 12:00 PM, “Oh holy fucking God, I am late for work.”

She walked over to the bathroom and she sticks her big ass out and then pees herself and wets the floor of the bathroom again just like yesterday morning. Vicki feels like she has to shit now, so she moves the big red bucket over to her and squat over it to shit in it.

She starts making farts, she farts and farts and finally the last one was wet fart and her shit fall on the floor she keeps messing on the floor. After her purpose accidents are finished, she cleans up her messy accidents.

She gets changed putting her pink panties on, then she puts on her dark grey skirt, white top with light brown jacket, black pantyhose and her black high boots. he then makes herself breakfast, she poured herself a big glass of orange juice and goes to see Bruce. On the way she fells her bladder hurting and she had to pee, but she couldn’t go now. She was very close to her Wayne Manor, but there was no rest area on the way to Bruce’s.

She continued riding and felt her urge getting worse, so she thought of putting some music on, but she did that last time and it didn’t work because of the add after the song. She sat there holding on trying not to pee herself. Her bladder was now half full and she squirmed, screamed and squeezed her legs together.

She looked around the car and there was no empty bottles to pee in. She then looked outside and saw a big tree, she thought to herself thinking if she stops the car and pees behind the tree then she doesn’t have to worry about wetting herself again.

She now has a full bladder, “Oh no, please not now!” Her first squirt of pee made her panties wet. She got to the tree and stopped the car and walked behind the tree. Just then it happened again her second squirt of pee gushing out from her pussy and shifting down into her pantied. So she pulled her skirt down then her panties and inspected her leaks. She pulled them down further. Vicki, now relieving herself while squatting and she feel the warmth of her hot golden pee. She then turned around and went back to the car and continued her drive to Bruce.

She brought one coffee with her as she drank it up now. She felt the urge to pee again.”Oh no not now!” she said, she had to hold in her urge but she was near Bruce, so she just had to holding it in for a bit longer.

She stopped her car outside walked to the front door and rang the buzzer and she was squeezing her legs tight in trying not to wet herself. Bruce walked up to the door to let her in. He opened the door and the two of them stared at each other and then said hi. Vicki said to Bruce “I,I,I can’t talk to you now and need to pee so badly!” Bruce replied “Ok.” Vicki is now walking to the bathroom at last she found it, she pulled a off her skirt and panties and stuck her sexy ass onto the toilet seat. Her hot urine flowed and her pain of holding onto to it longer died, which Vicki didn’t want to have two accidents today.

So when she is down Vicki and Bruce get into something more classic (tuxedo and dress) Bruce said “Right, feel better now? Vicki replied “Bruce I feel much better.” Alfred comes in and said “I have made lunch.

Then she hear randomly the voice of the Joker calling her “Vicki, Vicki, VICKI!!!” She tells this to Bruce and he says “I will look into this.”

To Be Continued

*002*2018-06-17 07:00

{{7 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

This is very interesting

}}

Thanks Melificentfan, get ready for part 2

*004*2018-06-22 23:11

The voice of the Joker is still calling her “Vicki, Vicki, VICKI!!” She ignores it and need to use the bathroom and she started walking. On the way she starts farting, as she has to have a shit, She wondered if she could make it to do her business. She still is farting ad finally she gets to the bathroom and she opens the door and then closes it an then goes to sit on the toilet.

She strips her skirt and panties down and sit with her naked ass on top of the toilet seat, she then does a wet fart and her shit is down falling down into the toilet and shortly her messy accident is and she definitely didn’t want that in her panties.

She gets puts back on her panties on and then her skirt, she opens the door and walk out back to Bruce. He is still there and he has requested some champagne and she said “Ah, you got some champagne from Alfred.” Bruce replies with “Yes, I did.” Now Bruce opens the champagne and pours it for the two of them and they start walking to Bruce’s bedroom.

Now inside Bruce starts say “Vicki, look I just want to tell you about something.” Vicki replies with “Yeah what is it.” “Alright Vicki, I just want to know how you love wetting yourself. “Ok so Bruce it was five weeks ago when I had my first accident, I drank too much coffee at work and then I thought I could finish the report before I could relieve myself. So it didn’t work and I peed myself sitting on my chair but I loved the feeling of it’s warmth so I wet the bed everyday, I pee onto the bathroom floor and of course in my pants. But I don’t like public wetting as someone who you don’t even fucking know could take a video of me with my legs spread out and pee running down my pussy. Ok Bruce that’s why I love it, ok.” Bruce looks at her and says “So do you sleep naked everyday?” Vicki nods her head up meaning yes.

Now they go back outside to finish of the champagne, they sit there stirring at each other and Vicki gets of the table and kisses Bruce.

Two minutes later:

They have finish it as Vicki has to leave and Bruce says to her that he made a batsuit for her and now Vicki says “That’s lovely now I will be the Batgirl.” Actually Vicki that is a nice name for the superheroine who will wear it.”

Vicki gets into her car and starts it and is now leaving Wayne Manor. She is now driving back home when she fells her bladder hurting and she had to pee, but she couldn’t go now. As she continued riding her urge was getting worse, she sat there holding on trying not to pee herself and now her bladder was now half full and she squirmed, screamed and squeezed her legs together.

She looked around the car and there was no empty bottles to pee in. She then looked outside and saw public toilets, she immediately got out of the car She now has a full bladder, “Oh no, please not now!” Her first squirt of pee made her panties wet. She got to the public toilets she started walking in and then it happened again her second squirt of pee gushing out from her pussy and shifting down into her panties. So she pulled her skirt down then her panties and inspected her leaks.

She pulled them down further As the a figure of the Joker was standing behind her as he watch this happen her grabbed her and kidnaped her as Vicki who still need to pee desperately. He put her in his car and drove off to his hideout, Vicki said “You better let me out of this FUCKING car or you seats will be sopping wet with my hot golden pee, Joker.” Joker did not want this to happen as Vicki checked her phone what the time is it was 7:00 PM where the Bat starts his crime fighting. Vicki now screaming “JOKER LET ME OUT OF THIS CAR NOW!”

She was squeezing her legs tight in trying not to wet herself, as Vicki through of a plan got out her phone and called Commissioner Gordon to light the Bat Signal as Joker thought she was talking to herself while desperately holding onto her despite wetting. Just then the Bat signal is on.

Meanwhile in the Batcave:

Bruce sees it and then walks downstairs to put on the Batsuit as he is finished he walks to the Batmobile and starts it’s engines and leaves. The Batman is now next to Joker’s car and he sees him “Ms Vale you did this didn’t you as she opens the door and quickly runs into the Batmobile. “Bruce I need the bathroom, Joker kidnaped me before I could relive myself.” “Alright Vicki judging by you desperation you would not make it by going to a public restroom, Vicki just pee in this bottle and you know pee in it... Actually never mind Bruce saw a public restroom right on the street and they get out and Batman puts the shields mode on the Batmobile. He holds her hand as they start walking but in a running pace as they make it in Vicki hasn’t had any thing to do with the accident yet.

Vicki now goes into the female toilets and then Bruce sees Joker and walks in and he is coming to get Vicki. Vicki now taking off her dampened clothes and pushing them down to her feet and she puts her ass onto the toilet seat and feels the warmth of her pee as she has been holding onto in for so long and Batman defeats the Joker and takes Vicki back to her appartment.

Bruce stripps Vicki and she now is lays naked on top of the sheets as she kisses Batman and said “Thank you Bruce for the great night.” He leaves and goes back to take care of The Joker if he got away. When Batman got there he was still knocked out on the ground of the public restroom.

As the naked Vicki gets up and drinks a heavy amount of water to make her piss the bed again.

To Be Continued

*006*2018-06-23 23:31

Suddenly Vicki woke up she already had a full bladder but haven’t emptied it yet, so she decided to wake up earlier to step up the game. She got out of bed and opened her panties drawer and she crossed her legs desperately because she didn’t want to do it on the mat she wanted to do it in the bed.

She pulled out the panties that she a lot of wettings in her pink panties from Lois Lane. She got back into bed and then her first squirt of hot pee came and she said “Fuck, not now I have to do in the bed. Then both of her legs was in and shifted her body down and went back to sleep in order to have her accident in the bedroom.

Second squirt happened and she smiled and was ready for the warm, fun part. It happened she start to piss the bed, she could feel her big sexy in the panties getting warmer. She finished wetting herself and then she had a fart. Immediately she woke up and she got out of bed and opened the sheets, on the sheets she had very sexy accident were her wet nearly wetted the whole bed.

She walked to use the bathroom in her wet panties and took them off and had to do her poo so she got an empty water bottle, usually she would use it for peeing. So she put it over her big sexy naked ass and had her desperat poo and she finish it and clean out the water bottle into the loo.

Then she walked down stairs naked and put her wet pink panties in the washing machine and went back up stairs she put on her white panties and started reading a book. Just then the doorbell rang so she hesitated and forgot to put on her red dressing gown and she walk downstairs and opened the front door she made sure that she didn’t stick out her boobies out if it was someone like the Joker. But it was a gangster, nor the Joker but it was Bruce Wayne.

He asked her how are you and Vicki said “Bruce, I’m good, I had another bed wetting and I was just reading now.” “Ok Vic, you sound you had a very nice time before I came, but anyway try this on.” Vicki was gone she was a minute here but now gone. She went to the kitchen to drink some water and come.

“Yeah sorry Bruce I just felt thirsty, can you say that again please.” “Ok Vic, you sound you had a very nice time before I came, but anyway try this on, it’s the Batgirl suit.” “Alright Bruce, I will try it on.” So Vicki did try it on she put on pants and rest of the armour suit. She look absolutely sexy in suit and then it hit her “Um, Bruce I have have to go pee quite desperately.”

Bruce helped her to take it off as she tried to hold it in, “Hummmm, Vicki I’m sorry, I forgot one important thing in the suit and that is to take off the suit. Look I’m sorry you just have to wee in the suit.”

Her first squirt of pee comes out, “Bruce I’ve started peeing myself.” Then her second one happens not to long after her first one and then she then starts jumping on the spot and then in a minute of time she starts wetting herself she can feel inside the suit her white panties getting soaked from her desperate pee and now Bruce helps her take it off and somehow her pee made it easier to take off the suit.

“Ok Vicki I will get this fixed for you to wear one day.” “Goodbye Bruce.” Now the now naked Vicki puts her white panties in the washing machine and walks back up stairs and reads her book and then masterbate herself while reading. Vicki loves wetting herself.

To Be Continued...

*008*2018-06-29 23:19

After Vicki masterbated she peed the top mattress of her bed and she felt so warm. Any way Bruce was meant to see her but then she realised that it was Monday today and she immediately got off her bed and go use the bathroom the way she likes to go.

She sat on the toilet but with a towel on the toilet, as she felt her endless pee gushing down on it’s materials. Vicki got up and went out of the bathroom and went back to her bedroom to get dress. She put on her pink panties, green checkered skirt, a white shirt and a dark grey jacket.

She had her breakfast which was bacon and eggs with freshly squeezed orange juice. But Vicki might have gone a bit to far with the oj, as she had about five.

She got into her car and drove off to work and she hoped that she need to pee desperately just like last Thursday. She could feel it and she did have to pee, she looked around for a public restroom but none to be seen. She just had to hold it in until she gets nearer to her work.

Now she can feel her bladder pain of wanting to use the bathroom get worse just then she was almost near her work she remembered if you turn left you are at her work and also to go right you are at public restrooms but then she remembered if you keep going straight you get to Bruce so she went straight and her bladder felt like it was jumping up and down.

Her bladder was half full when she went straight but it’s a full bladder, she remembered what happened Saturday when she had to go. “I got it I will go pee behind a tree and she did. She walked straight to one and squatted and lifted her skirt up and pulled down her panties.

”Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!” She was doing it she was peeing it felt so warm too and she felt relieved that she didn’t do it in her panties.

To be continued

*010*2018-06-30 22:35

After her bladder finish she walked back to the car and go back to work. She made it to work and she again was early today just like Thursday.

She ordered some coffee and waited until 7:00 AM. Then it was time it was 7 so she walked in and sit down at desk number 1989 and finish her coffee.

She went to talk to her work friend Alexander Knox and she talked to him about Batman and Vicki said that “Batman save her from the Joker Saturday. ” Alexander was shocked to be hearing this, but then Vicki could feel the coffee going into her bladder meaning she needs to use the bathroom. “Um, Knox can we finish the chat later because I got to use the little girls room.” “Sure thing Vicki maybe we can finish it after your are done using you know what.”

Vicki walked in to the female bathroom and pulled down her skirt, pulled down her panties and sat down on a toilet urinating, as she felt the warmth of her pee hitting into the toilet. She got up and walked over to the sink too wash her hands and she left the bathroom to go and finish her conversation with Knox.

Vicki walks to find Knox but she can’t find Knox is the one behind her desk number 1988, she can’t find him it like he disappeared from her. Vicki orders another coffee and then finally she sees Knox and her coffee comes. She drinks her coffee as well as talking to Knox so let me tell you what happened Saturday ”So I left Wayne Manor and drove my car back to home when I felt I need to use the bathroom so I parked my car and walked out to use the public restroom. Then The Joker kidnaped me and then I called Gordon to turn on the Bat-signal and Batman you know got suited up get and get into the Batmobile and chase after Joker. He got me and put me in the Batmobile and stopped for me to use the toilet and defeated Joker.

3 hours later:

Vicki said “I should’ve not got that other coffee.” Vicki need to pee but she couldn’t because she had a report to do and wanted to finish it off before she can go.

It looked like a bad idea has every time her bladder spasmed it got worse, so she did the dance that she makes when she has to go to the bathroom, which she calls it the pee pee dance.

Knox walks over to her and says “What’s wrong Vicki?” Vicki whispers “Look Knox I have to pee but I want to finish this off but if I try to finish it off I will pee myself and I don’t want that to happen.” Knox doesn’t know what to say so he walks back to his desk, but then Vicki has an idea “Wait, Knox empty my bin and I will pee in it and put the trash in your bin.”

Knox can only think that will be the only thing to work for her so he does everything Vicki said to do and gave her empty bin back to Vicki to urinate in. Knox walks back to his desk and does his report, but Vicki takes off her pants and panties as she is completely naked under her shirt. She moves the bin closer to her legs until it is level right and she moves up so that her pussy is dangling over her chair.

Vicki has a full bladder now as she lets the squirt of pee escape her pussy and into the bin, then about three seconds later the other squirt pops out and is more deadly than the first. Then Vicki relaxes her muscles and then she is now peeing the bin is now get full of her hot golden pee that she’s been holding onto a lot. She fills so much relief that she didn’t do it in her skirt.

7 hours later

The time is 3:01PM and she has to leave work to see Bruce at 3:55 PM. She says goodbye to Knox and leaves to go to her car and drives to see Bruce Wayne.

To Be Continued

*012*2018-07-02 04:06

Vicki got in her car as the time is 3:09 now she started her car and she left work to go to Wayne Manor to see Bruce. She gets there at 3:15 and waits in the car for 3:55, but Vicki is bored she gets her iPhone out of her handbag and checks the news one new news report said ‘Superman save Metropolis from a rocket and another one says ‘Joker’s girlfriend, Harley Quinn pees herself in public’.

As the time she read the news it was 3:40 and Vicki just walked up to Wayne Manor’s door and knocked on it. Bruce opened the door as he heard her knocking and took her inside. Bruce had the TV on, which was on the news channel the new report said that “Metropolis news reporter, Lois Lane wets herself after an interview with Supergirl. “Hi, how are you, Miss Vale?” Bruce says. “Well I’m good, besides that I had to pee in a bin because I was busy doing a report that I couldn’t afford to wet myself while doing it.” Bruce looked at her awkwardly.

Vicki﻿ walks up to Bruce and kiss him on the cheek and she spoke “But it felt so god damn warm.” Bruce smiled “Um, Vicki are you coming to my birthday tomorrow at the same time. She immediately says yes because she loves Bruce, she wants to have sexy with him and marry him. “Can I tell Alexander Knox about this, I bet you that he will love celebrating Bruce Wayne’s Birthday!” Bruce was shocked to be hearing this, because it has been two years since Bruce saw Knox. Vicki brought a big bottle of water with her and started drinking it and she knew what she would have to do later.

2 minutes later:

Vicki could feel the water putting force onto her bladder meaning she needs to use the bathroom. “Um, Bruce can I be excused because I got to use the little girls room.” “Sure thing Vicki, do you remember where it is?” Vicki nods her head meaning yes.

Vicki walked into the bathroom and pulled down her skir﻿t and her panties and sat down on a toilet urinating, very loud and fast and she felt the warmth of her pee hitting into the toilet. She took of all her clothes and she was not done with her pee as she held in her flood gates. She stood there desperately holding onto her pussy and she was standing naked she got out her phone and took a video of her peeing naked in the toilet and pretending to do sex noises. Then about in a few minutes she got up and walk﻿ed over to the sink too wash her hands and she left the bathroom.

She went to the table where Bruce was and they ate chicken and had beer with it to and they Vicki drank more beers than Bruce did and could feel that she need to have a big piss again. She walked back to the bathroom where Bruce followed her and took her to the same bedroom he had sex with her and he keep kissing her and Vicki begged him to let her go to use the bathroom as Vicki keep saying “Bruce, let me go... I have to pee so badly!” But then it wasn’t a matter of time where Bruce accidentally squeezed her and started peeing in her panties and running down her legs and on the bed. The only good thing is no one sleeps in the bed so it ok for Vicki to do that. Vicki quickly moved her panties to the left side and slid her pussy through where her legs are to put it on and peed through that hole. Her panties were just a minor leak because of her idea of peeing through the leg hole.

To Be Continued...

*014*2018-07-03 02:29

After she finished peeing on the bed that no one uses in Wayne Manor she decided to go home, she wished Bruce a happy birthday for tomorrow and drove off. Herself and her bladder throbbed as she had to use the bathroom to let out her intake of beer and she tried her best to hold it in.

She grabbed her throbbing bladder very tight as she hoped to god that she did not have an accident in her car. She held it in with all her might as she got home just in time, she had no bladder spasms and most importantly that she did not wet her panties.

She ran inside and opened her door, she ran at a fast pace to the bathroom but then she saw the toilet wrecked and broken no where could she pee. She only had one bathroom and the only thing is too pee herself or too pee in her bed but then one squirt happened and she started walking over to her bed and fell on her bed’s metal leg and hit her pussy hard that she fell on the mat and started peeing her panties.

A few seconds later:

She got up and her panties was so sopping wet and she took off all her clothes and walked downstairs in the nude to use the washing machine. She walked back upstairs and went to sleep.

At Midnight:

It was 12:00, the naked Vicki lay in her bed sleeping until she heard the strangest noise, as she had to use the bathroom for both a number one and a number two, it was her telling her to use the bathroom. It sounded like someone was laughing and then heard gun shots, Vicki was scared, it could be a serial killer but that seems unlikely because there is none but it could be Joker.

Vicki putting on her dressing gown and went to investigate what the fuck was going on. She opened the door and saw the naked body of her next door neighbor who was an African American woman called Jane and she was dead. The laughing happened again as Vicki closed the door and ran upstairs to act like she was not downstairs looking at her neighbor dead.

Vicki called Bruce to say I think the Joker is trying to get me, Bruce said he will get there in time. It was the Joker as Vicki saw him walking up the stairs and he said “Hello darling, I hope I didn’t interrupt something?” Vicki did not know what to say as then a mysterious hissing noise happens and farts. Joker says “Vicki did you fart?” He walks up to her bed and pulls off her sheets and sees Vicki sitting naked in a pee stained bed and poo every where. “Did Miss Vale had an accident as Batman was standing behind the entrance of her bedroom and said “ Ever dance with the devil in the pale of moonlight?” And Bruce kicked Joker on the floor and then he shoots Batman with his gun and hold it at the naked Vicki.

Batman gets up and looks at Joker, “Don’t move Batman or I will shoot the girl!” Batman obeys Joker’s order and then Joker shoots Vicki anyway, Bruce full of rage attacks the Joker and fights him and says “Why did you do that, you killed my parents and now my girlfriend and next I see you I will kill you.” Batman wins as he waits for Commissioner Gordon to come and take Joker to Arkham Asylum, where he will stay for a long time.

The End

