Full Bladder Pounding

Author: Bladderbabe

*000*2021-11-26 01:31

Just a quick something I'm working on.

"First day..." the girl muttered to herself. Her maid outfit seemed demeaning, she thought, even though she was going to be a literal maid, for a very wealthy family, at that. She'd freshly turned 19, had recently cut all her long hair into a pixie cut and dyed it bright purple - lets say her last breakup was tough - and she got her new job, cleaning a large house in the rich part of her small town. She opened and entered the side door of the house, letting herself inside as she quickly tied her white apron around her small waist. The apron, along with the short, poofy black dress laid nicely on her small waist and wide hips, with the low, square neckline showing off her cleavage nicely. She thought it was all a little too impractical, especially since she would be cleaning the whole time.

She sighed and rubbed her hands together as she waited until exactly 8 a.m. to open the door to the main room, which her maidsquarters lead directly into. They lacked a bathroom, and her anxiety made her desperately need to use the toilet. She ignored it though, walking straight into the living room to find a note left on the table, presumably by the owners.

"Hello,

We apologize for not being at home to welcome you - family business comes first.

You will see a list of tasks in each room that you should complete while we are gone - please complete each task thoroughly and completely.

We have left our eldest son to watch the home. He does not like to be bothered.

Good luck,

The Marrisons"

That was a lot of information, she thinks to herself, as she folds the note and slips it into a small pocket sewn onto her apron. Immediately after reading, she chose to get to work - she only had so long until the family would arrive back home. She walks to the kitchen and finds a note there, reading simply, "Wash and put away the dishes. Clean the countertops. Sanitize the handles."

Seemed easy enough. She walks over to the sink, cringing and squeezing her legs together as she begins to run the hot water into the sink. She pulls on dish gloves and gets to quick work - the heat on her hands combined with the sound of running water made holding her bladder incredibly difficult, but she chose to power through, quickly finishing the dishes. THe entire time, however, she feels a presence watching her. it's hard, but she chooses to ignore it as well. Along with her bladder, it was a little thing that didn't matter - at least not yet. She took a hot cloth with cleaner on it and began to wipe down the cabinet, fridge, and pantry handles, making quick work of her chores, mostly in hopes she would get to a bathroom soon enough. She then leaned over and started wiping down the brown granite countertops, her bladder brushing the edge of the counter, making her wince.

"Ah..." She stopped for a moment and held her hand between her legs. "Nearly done with this room, then, the toilet." She murmured to herself.

She quickly wrings out the towel over the sink, the dripping making her whine, and she throws it into the washing machine. She walks towards the main room when she hears

"Hey, mind throwing these in the washer real quick?" She startles and yelps, before looking up to see a handsome young man staring back at her. He has green eyes and black hair that covers his face, he's shirtless, and that is all she can think about.

"Of course!" She says, bowing her head slightly and taking his soiled clothes and throwing them in the washing machine, quickly adding some detergent and softener and shutting the door. She turns around, eager to use the bathroom, only to be met with the dark-haired man again - this time, right in front of her, easily a foot and a half taller, cornering her against the washer.

"Where are you going?" He says, his voice deep and soothing.

"No where! What do you need done?" She sighs inside her head and looks up at him.

"Do you mind if I..." He reaches down and touches her hair, running his fingers through it. She melts at the sudden touch, looking up with puppy eyes at the towering figure. "Aw, you're well behaved, hm?"

She looks at him with glee. "What can I do for you?"

He pushes her head down, suddenly more rough as she falls to her knees - she winces at the sudden movement, a strong urge overtaking her bladder - she even goes a little bit in her panties. She whines at the large dick before her - looking up at him.

"Everything alright?" He says, genuine concern in his voice.

"Yes." She wraps her mouth around his member and starts sucking and licking, it taking up all the space in her mouth. She goes quickly and quietly, taking as much as she can, it bulging in her throat. He quickly takes her off of it, struggling to hold his orgasm back. She stands and he takes her lips, kissing her rough and pushing her against the washer, before quickly lifting her onto it.

"Please, can I just quickly-"

"Go to the bathroom? No."

She whines as he spreads her legs, immensely increasing her need. He leans down and starts eating her out, quickly, rougher than she is used to. Her bladder pulsates with each lick, sending her quickly to orgasm - too quickly for her, as she moans louder and louder, gripping his hair in her hands. She throws her head back as she gets closer and closer.

"Please -ah, ah, ah, ah!"

He turns on the washer, the vibrations sending her quickly over the edge, her orgasm stronger than ever before because of her full bladder. He licks her clean and pulls his head away as she quickly pulls her legs back together to hold in her ever-growing need to piss.

He quickly picks her up and wraps her legs around him. He feels warmth where her crotch touches his stomach.

"Wait," He commands, and she whines desperately as the flow stops.

He carries her, effortlessly, upstairs and throws her onto the bed on her back. She quickly pulls her dress over her head, revealing her whole self to him - large breasts, a small waist, perfect skin, a shaven pussy - which he quickly pushes himself into. His dick is girthy, and she cries out as he rams into her bladder through her vagina.

"Ah, ah! Please, I have to-"

He continues, pounding into her pussy, as piss leaks out with each stroke. Each beat makes her moan, as her full bladder intensifies all her feelings of arousal and pleasure - she can barely get air in between her noises.

"mm, mmm, mm, ma, ah, ah, ah, aaah!"

She comes again, at the same time as he shoots his load into her. He pulls out and she fully releases her bladder onto his dick and the bed, soaking quickly through all the sheets.

They catch their breath as her stream steadily slows, her moaning with pleasure at the release.

She looks up at him, then at the soaked bed.

"I have a lot of laundry to do."

