Autumn Sickness / Toshi omo

Author: Burningchaozz

*000*2023-10-23 01:13

Originally posted to AO3: https://archiveofourown.org/works/50721712

Tags: All Might | Yagi Toshinori/Reader, Gender-Neutral Reader, Omorashi, Wetting, Sickfic, Sick Character, Oneshot, Short Oneshot

Note: My friend (sushi_cakke on Twitter) wrote this for me :] So I edited it a bit into a fic!

###

It was a lazy afternoon, the clock had just now struck one. A gentle breeze was blowing outside and small birds were chirping from the chilly autumn nips of cold. Of course, with autumn came the annoying fall sicknesses, especially for poor Toshinori.

He just couldn't help it!

He had always gotten sick around this time of year, even in his prime. It was just an annoying recurrence at this point.

Except this time, Toshinori had you. His oh-so-loving partner who had been dousing him down with various electrolytes and Gatorade in an effort to dwindle away his sickness. To say he had been well hydrated and properly medicated would have been an understatement at this point!

He was laid up on the couch with you, his slender face laid in your lap while one of your hands tenderly traveled through his hair. Your nails tediously picked at each golden strand, gently. Occasionally moving to caress along his boney cheek when he would shift as if to reassure him he could stay in his comfortable position.

Eventually the man rolled over, turning his face into your lap. His shadowed blue eyes looked up at you, an almost tender sadness was in them.

Was something wrong? Your face scrunched in worry and he picked up on this, his voice breaking the silence that was dimmed by the TV in the background.

"I should get up," he announced in a rather unmotivated tone while his face slowly nuzzled into your clothed belly, his long arms wrapped around your torso. Boney hands tenderly kneaded at the softness of your sweater as if trying to get to the soft skin underneath.

You felt Toshi's warm breath seep through the fabric of your clothing and tickle at your stomach as he pulled himself even closer.

Ah, so that had been why he was giving you the 'puppy-eyes' from earlier. He just didn't want to get up.

What an old man.

"Why? Are you feeling worse?" You cooed in your soft tone to him, a tone you had picked up over the years and only used with him.

He loved it... Lavished it, even.

"No." He strained tediously and shuddered as one of your hands slipped under his own sweater, his slim abdomen gaining goosebumps as the tips of your thumbs caressed it. A tell tale whine left him though as you slowly pressed two fingers down and into his waist, massaging them gently directly into the core of his hips.

"What's the issue then?" You pushed, clearly just having fun with him at this point. A snitching smirk slipped onto your face and he couldn't help but roll his eyes at your teasing.

Toshinori sat up and flicked his hand dismissively at your question, as a way of saying 'it's nothing'. Placing his palms on his knees he prepared to lift himself.

Only…

He never lifted.

Toshinori swallowed hard as your arms snaked up his waist, tender hands lifted his shirt while pulling him back down to the soft fabric of the couch.

"Is your tummy hurting again?" You cooed close to his ear and peppered it with soft kisses. Following up, you trailed even softer ones down to his neck while your hands slowly worked in under his shirt; your fingers curiously pressed back into the core of his waist just under his navel, which made the man release an almost desperate whimper of protest to the little presses.

"N-No… But I think all the, er... Liquids you've pumped into me have finally taken their toll." He casually explains, his hand coming to rub the opposing side of his neck that your lips weren't glued to.

"Oh?" You practically purred. Your hands groping the poor man's lower abdomen a little tighter, which prompted another whimper from his throat.

You always seemed to know just exactly which buttons to press to make him let out those perfect little sounds. Instead of loosening your grip, you simply locked your legs and tightened your arms, securing him into your lap.

Toshinori tried to protest, but, of course, having you behind him was a bit of a hassle to deal with.

His hands moved to grip your thighs, his palms kneading into them as if he were trying some form of bribery via touch. "C-Come on now I'll be right back-'' He protested and glanced over his shoulder at you.

But your sly smile remained as your hands slowly squeezed and pressed into his core a little more, pressuring his overfilled bladder and making him squeeze his legs together from the sensation. A disgruntled little yelp left him when you continued to squeeze him. It felt like a dangerous game, for him at least; you, on the other hand, were having a bit of fun with him squirming on your lap.

"Please, the bathroom is just right there. It won't t-"

Another squeeze. Another whimper.

Your slim fingers dug tenderly into his skin, finding just the right spot – his prominent, filled bladder – to massage and tease against while you pulled him closer.

"But you're so comfy!" Your breath tickled his jaw as you spoke, which made him swallow and squirm.

The man's legs desperately trembled as he felt your fingers separate, offering him just the briefest of relief, before digging into a whole new spot of his bladder. He arched against you in protest and let out a shaky groan of dismay.

"P-Please-"

His tone had gone up in pitch, and his eyes were perfectly squinted just enough for tiny little tears to prickle the corners of them.

You gave a dismissive shrug after a moment of ponderance, then you released him.

A relieved sigh left him as he brushed one of his long strands of hair behind his ear, feeling your fingers leave his waist and aching core alone as he once again attempted to stand. Except this time, you stood with him and pulled him against you, peeking your head around one of his sides.

A disgruntled yelp left him, followed by your hands pressing firmly into his waist.

Toshi's legs crossed and his face went red. He squeezed his eyes shut and strained and cried and begged. Alas, it was all for naught as you only pressed tighter into his poor bladder.

Then, it happened.

His gray sweatpants slowly began to darken around the crotch as the contents of his bladder were forced out.

Toshinori's hands shot up to his reddened face as he squirmed and let out a breathy whimper in protest to the act of forced release.

You simply smirked and watched with satisfaction as you watched him piss himself, the circular dark spot around his crotch growing and trailing down his legs. You gave his poor abdomen a final roll with your fingers which prompted a last squirt from his bladder.

How humiliating.

Toshinori kept his face hidden as you leaned in and peppered his clothed side with soft kisses and gentle teases. You wrap your arm around his and lead him from the couch down the hall.

Toshinori peaks between his fingers before laying his arm over your shoulder, giving you light scoldings that were ignored as the both of you disappeared into the bathroom for a change of clothing and shower.

