Mary’s ultrasound accident

Author: bobwells55

*000*2019-12-17 18:58

Mary pulled her white shirt down over her bra. Her breasts had almost doubled now that she was 5 months along with her 3rd child, this time with her new man. She was hoping to get today over with. She knew from her previous pregnancies, that she hadn’t had to hold her pee all morning, that was a myth, at least for her doctor. She did, however, need to make sure she had a full bladder at her ultrasound appointment, and by now, she certainly was. She had on a pair of stretchy jeans her sister had bought her for pregnant girls. Underneath, she had on a regular pair of red cotton panties. She poured her coffee and left.

“I’ll just drink slowly” Merideth told herself. She had to pee, but she had to have her coffee more. She got into her car and began the ten minute trip across town to her doctor for her ultrasound appointment.

“Shit” Mary said as she stop at yet another red light and took a sip of her coffee

“Okay, I’m awake. I need to really watch how much of this I drink. I already need to piss like crazy” Mary said out loud to herself.

Mary continued on her short trip. Her need, it felt, getting worse and worse by the minute. About a block from her doctor, she hit another red light.

“Ugh of all the times to hit every red light!” She exclaimed. As she had one hand on the wheel and the other in her crotch, feverishly tapping her foot.

Finally the light turned green and Mary stepped on the gas, pulling in to the parking lot moments later. Mary took a deep breath and collected herself as not to leak as she got out of the car, her need was that bad. She had timed it up to get there right at 10:15 when her appointment started, she hoped it wouldn’t take too long and she could finally empty her bladder. Mary hurried inside to the check in desk

“Hi I’m here for an ultrasound with Doctor Janet. My appointment is right now” Mary told the receptionist, trying to hint to her to hurry it along.

“Ah yes. Hello Mary! Doctor Janet is in with a patient right now who had a bit of an emergency” the receptionist told her. All Mary could think of was “ive got an emergency too!” As she shuffled her legs behind the desk. “Please fill out these forms before the doctor sees you”.

“About how long is Doctor Janet going to be?” Mary questioned.

“As long as you have your paperwork filled out, she should be with you in 15 minutes”

“15 minutes??” Mary asked with a worried tone.

“Give or take” the receptionist replied. “Can I help who’s next?”

The look of panic on Mary’s was unmistakable. She knew from her previous pregnancies that these things cannot be rushed. She remembered her second pregnancy when she wet herself in the car on the way to the appointment. She had planned better this time... or so she thought. As she sat down to begin filling out the paperwork, the pressure on her bladder intensified. Mary could hardly focus, misspelling simple things like her place of employment. All she could think about was her need to pee which had gotten worse and worse and worse. She was really regretting that coffee.

@@As she watched the clock tick by, the minutes felt like hours. She remembered her friend Caty telling her how, after an embarrassing accident during her first ultrasound appointment, she had began wearing thin pull ups to the doctor to protect against leaks or floods. Mary wished she’d had followed that advice as she gripped her pussy. Things were getting really bad now. Mary crosses and uncrossed her legs, she couldn’t sit still. She knew, again from previous experience, that with the added weight on her bladder, there would be no leaks. Once it came there was going to be now stopping. Ten minutes had gone by, Mary got up and began pacing around the room, hoping that it would help her excruciating need, but it didn’t. She sat back down and looked at the clock, it had been 15 minutes and still no sign of her doctor. Mary sat, squirmed In a panic and near tears. She was beginning to sweat from her need to go being so bad. 20 minutes, still no doctor. Her bladder was on the brink and she needed to make a decision. Suddenly, She felt a leak. It was slow and weak but Mary was not going to risk it. She shot up, still leaking, and waddled to the reception desk.

“Excuse me, where is the bathroom? I’m sorry but I can’t hold it this is an emergency” Mary begged

“You realize ma’am, that if you urinate you will have to reschedule?” The receptionist asked.

Mary has no time for questions. “Yes! I can’t fucking hold it why do you think I’m asking! I’m gonna pee anyways so it will either be on the floor or in the toilet like I can’t wait any longer so please where is the bathroom!” Mary asked, now unashamedly holding her piss in with two hands.

“Through this door. Go right, walk down then go left it will be the last door on the right”

Mary took off through the door, going as fast as she could, leaking with every step. She felt her undies getting wetter and wetter as she got closer. Finally, as Mary turned the corner, disaster struck. Her poor pregnant bladder could hold on no longer. Mary froze in her tracks as the floodgates opened. Her pent up puss poured in a torrent into her panties forming an unmistakable wet spot on her crotch and ass as it ran down the front, back, and inside of her legs, changing the color of her jeans and soaking into her shoes and socks and forming a large puddle beneath her feet. Finally, her bladder was empty and her pants were soaked thoroughly. Just as her stream slowed to a trickle, then to a dribble and stopped, a handsome male nurse rounded the corner. Mary flushed with embarrassment

“Ma’am are you alright?” The nurse asked.

“I’m sorry” Mary said fighting back tears. “I had to be full for the doctor and I couldn’t help it. I almost made it but I just couldn’t hang on” Mary informed him.

“Well why don’t you come with me, we will help you get cleaned up” he held Mary by the hand and led her into a back room where there was a bathroom with more privacy. The nurse grabbed a towel from the upper shelf and gave it to Mary as another nurse, a female this time, entered.

“Is everything ok dear?” The older woman asked Mary.

“Yeah. I just have to get cleaned up and call my fiancé for new pants” she said, half giggling at her own predicament.

“No need for that sweetie. This isn’t the first time something unfortunate like this has happened here”

The nurse handed Mary a pair of red sweatpants.

“This our yours. We keep them here for just this reason”

Mary went into the bathroom and took of her drenched pants and underwear. Grabbing a paper towel, she wiped the last few remain pee droplets off of her feet, leg, pussy and butt. Her smooth skin glistened in the light from the wetness of the piss. She put her soiled pants into a shopping bag they had given her and put on the red sweet pants that looked like they came straight from the goodwill. As Mary looked in the mirror, she couldn’t help but slightly giggle at her own humiliating predicament.

“I just peed my fucking pants” she giggled. “Again. In front of a cute guy, And now I look homeless” but it was better than being wet.

She made her way to the reception desk, a bag full of pee soaked jeans. “I’m gonna need to reschedule

*004*2022-01-06 01:20

{{On 12/17/2019 at 5:14 PM, asperman1 said:

I love this story alot, pregnancy is really my second main fetish behind this one. I was curious, do you do requests per chance?

}}

Yes

*006*2023-03-07 02:01

{{21 minutes ago, asperman1 said:

Hello, sprry for the huge gap in replies, I never saw this. Are you still doing requests?

}}

I can try

