Emma's bedwetting boyfriend

Author: BedwetterAlexi

*000*2023-08-09 23:44

I just wanted to write down this idea i had... there's a couple of parts that i will post more of later...hope you all enjoy...

###

Emma was feeling way too relaxed as she casually rested her eyes on her sleeping boyfriend. She was in bed with Theo, as she often was. They both struggled with insomnia and nightmares, and they slept better together. Theo was also a very nice cuddeler, always managing to hold her close all night without making either of them uncomfortable.

Theo was sleeping peacefully on his back with his arm outstreched for Emma to lay her head on. He looked cute like this, with his face nice and relaxed, breathing softly.

Theo was a somewhat regular bedwetter, a fact he had never told her but she had picked up on over the months of sharing a bed. He had a quiet mattress protector under his sheets. Occasionally, like tonight, shed be awake, laying there with her head resting on his shoulder, quietly thinking about other stuff when he'd start wimpering a little bit in his sleep.

She lifted the covers off of him, exposing his boxers and hairy legs. She relaxed back against him as she keapt a lazy watch on his groin, knowing what was coming. He wimpered and fidgeted for a little bit, and then then he started pissing himself, still fast asleep. It was a oddly mezmerizing to see the dark spot start to bloom on his crotch, streaming down to his butt and pooling around him on the mattress. She smiled fondly to herself as she sat there, quietly watching him wet the bed. She'd gently pull the covers back over him near the tail end of his accident, and she'd stroke his hair affectionately. Sometimes that would rejuvenate the stream, making the hissing sound from under the blankets go on a bit longer. Emma thought of it kind of like Theo's version of a dog wagging it's tail, since he always seemed to wet more when he was comfortable.

She sometimes wondered if he'd ever wet the bed after hooking up with girls in the past. Theo had been a jock in high school, and a notorious lady killer. She'd hardly believed he was the same person when they met again as adults. He'd grown out of his douchy persona, and become a truly kind person. She herself had been a big nerd in highschool, and if anyone had told her she would be dating one of the most popular guys in school in the future, she wouldn't be the only one to call them crazy. She smiled a little to herself, thinking of how intimidating and out of her leauge he'd seemed back then, like he was in a totally different dimention from her. Now he was just her little man.

On Theo's wet nights Emma slept on top of the covers, still cuddled closely into her boyfriend's side until morning.

*002*2023-08-12 00:30

Part 2 of this lovey dovey story

____________________

"Hey Ems" Theo greeted her in the morning, voice groggy and thick.

"Hey pissy pants" she greeted him back. The nickname was her way of informing him hed wet the bed again, affectionately teasing. She enjoyed his embarrassed whine. He lifted the covers to take a look at the damage.

Emma thought Theo's bedwetting was cute. It was so embarrassing and uncool, it made him more human in her eyes. It was nice to see that someone who had been so effortlessly handsome, charismatic and popular in school as him had an embarrassing problems like bedwetting, a problem not even the loser kids like her dealt with.

She'd help him strip his bed and wash the sheets, always enjoying seeing the yellow stains underneath the mattress protector that told her this had been a thing for atleast a couple of years. Chances were that even at the height of his popularity, Theo had still been secretly wetting his bed. The thought of that made her smile. She sometimes thought of the person Theo was in high school as a different person, someone much colder and meaner then her Theo, someone who was in control and untouchable, while her Theo was soft and kindhearted, a little dumb but a well meaning guy who struggled with anxiety and wet his bed a lot. But Theo from high school wet the bed too. Theo from high school had always been her Theo, just burried under a thick layer of repression and posturing.

*004*2023-08-12 17:17

{{2 hours ago, peepantsrunner said:

Really cute story. Any chance there's another chapter where Emma realizes she also has to pee while she's watching Theo? She knows she might miss the show if she leaves to go use the toilet, and besides, the bed is about to be wet anyway, so why not join him? He doesn't have to know she was awake when she did it, after all.

}}

No, i haven't planed anything like that... though feel free to write it and post it in this thread if you want :)

*005*2023-08-12 17:57

Part 3, more Theo's POV this time

The first time Theo wet the bed while Emma was over was also the first time they'd sleapt together. It hadn't happened in a while, and it had also been a while since he didn't sleep like garbage, haunted by nightmares and stress dreams, if he managed to fall asleep at all. He hadn't ment to fall asleep, ofcourse, he never ment to fall asleep around anyone. He and Emma had only been dating for about a month, and they were hanging out on his bed, quipping and chatting as they usually did. 

As the evening went on, Emma had become more and more tierd, which ment she became more cuddely. She'd snuggled herself under his arm, basically lying in his lap as her ranting got softer and slower. It was cute, and filled Theo with a protective love for her. He couldn't believe he never noticed her in highschool. He had been too shallow to see past conventional beauty and social status back then, hadn't even remembered her name even though they had several classes together. In that moment, he was sure there was no one else he'd rather spend his time and energy on.

He didn't know when he fell asleep, but he slept really fucking well. He actually felt rested, for the first time in months.

He woke up from being gently shaken. He didnt know what time it was, but the sun was up.

"Wah.... whats up?" He asked, half asleep and confused.

"Theo...you kinda...wet yourself?" Emma whispered, looking concerned.

That woke him up.

He shot up like an arrow, looking desperately down on his lap, silently begging it wasn't true. Ofcourse god was never that kind to Theo, and he had indeed wet himself. He stared at himself wide eyed and unmoving for a moment, willing it to go away, to be an illusion.

It didn't, unfortunately, and he glanced nervously up at Emma's concerned expression before hiding his face in his hands.

"I am so sorry" he said, muffled by his palms, devastation clear to hear on his voice.

"It ok? Its not your fault" Emma stated with a quirked eyebrow, though still clearly conflicted.

Theo whined with embarrassment, flushed from his forehead to his shoulders.

"....Can you please go out for a second?" He requested, still hiding from her behinds his hands.

She thought for a second, not seeming too pleased, but obliged.

"Ok. But just so you know, i don't mind, really"

Before she left she kissed him softly on the nose, and Theo felt so in love it almost overtook how embarrassed he was.

He'd been wetting the bed consistently since the beginning of highschool. everything had started to change for him around highschool. He'd never been bullied, but he used to be very avrage. Nothing special about him. But when highschool started, and puberty hit him for real, everything was different. He filled out nicely, growing tall and strong. Hed always had thick hair, but he started styling it and putting more effort into his apperance, since he liked looking nice. Everyone was suddently occupied with sex and girls, including him, and girls were deffenetly interested in him. They thought he was sexy. They liked his wealthy family, too.

It had been a good period in some ways, but in many ways it had been...truamatic. He was always so repressed. How rotten he felt about his "friends" bullying other kids, how he felt insecure but had to pretend he didn't, how he didnt really hate alot of the things everyone said was lame. He felt like he was an actor on a stage and the whole world was watching, ready to laugh at him the second he misstepped. His friends were all like prison guards, making sure he always said the right thing or they'd all turn on him.

That was when the bedwetting started. He got alot lower quality sleep, pulled alot of allnighters, and generally exhausted himself on so much pressure that sometimes he would just go into a coma, where nothing and no one could wake him up. It was just his body trying to protect him, but, as a result, the need to pee didn't wake him up either, and he'd pee the bed.

It had been mortifying at first, waking up in wet sheets. It used to send him spiraling into a panic. How could he have wet his bed? He was in highschool! His dad would fucking kill him if he found out. He must be truly pathetic to have this problem, what would everyone say if they found out he was a bedwetter? He'd be socially massacred.

For a long time, he went around with his popular clique, feeling like he was secretly the biggest loser in town. Every time he woke up wet he hated himself a bit more. He never told anyone, and took alot of precautions. He never sleapt beside any girls after hooking up, just on the offchance it would be a wet night. He never sleapt at anyone elses place, usually citing that having sleepovers was too childish. He'd even swallowed his pride and worn pullups to bed for a school feild trip, not that he managed to sleep with all that stress.

No one had ever caught him, not even his parents. Emma was the first to know, and non of his nightmare scenarios had come true. Just the other night he'd been confiding in his buddies about how he felt like he was already way too deeply in love with Emma despite only being a month or so in, and after this he wasn't sure he could ever let her go. He took a deep breath, trying to calm himself. He would go out and talk to her, thank her, tell her how much he appriciated her, kiss her breathless. He just needed a minute.

*008*2023-08-13 16:49

Part 4.

Theo's bedwetting had become a kind of comfort to him. It was weird how something so embarrassing that used to stress him so much now felt right, like an unambiguously good thing. Whenever he wet the bed, he knew he'd gotten a good nights sleep, and he always felt refreshed and content.

He knew it made Emma happy too, when he woke up wet. He didn't really understand why, but it made him feel more comfortable with it, the way she seemed pleased whenever he wet himself. Maybe he was too much of a people pleaser. He would stay in his wet clothes while taking his time stripping his bed and washing his sheets so she'd get to enjoy seeing the evidance of his accident longer, during which time she'd always be very affectionate with him, hugging him, kissing him, stroking him, just generally holding him . 

Shed affectionately call him her little pissy pants, which while embarrassing, made him feel soft in a way he hadn't experienced before, like he was harmless and vulnerable, and all his walls had crumbled down, and like that was an okay way to feel. His own feelings made very little sense to him, but if she still loved him- no, actively and genuinely loved him more because of his night-time incontinence for some weird reason, there really was nothing that would come between them. The world felt like a safer, kinder place these days.

The conditioning of the link between feeling good and wetting himself became stronger and stronger. One evening he was laying with his head in Emma's lap, her small hand petting his hair and scratching his scalp, making him feel like putty in her hands. He sighed and moaned quietly with enjoyment, while she seemed to be waiting for him to fall asleep. Maybe so she could watch him wet himself again? She always praised him for wetting himself. He liked being praised. And he liked making Emma happy. He automatically relaxed his bladder, and his underwear slowly grew damp. He was actually not very used to the feeling of wetting, as he ususlly did it unconciously, but it felt good. It felt warm and cozy. Wet pants and cuddles from Emma were slowly becoming a match made in heaven in his mind, like chocolate and milk, or cheese and ham.

"Theo? Are you asleep?" Emma asked curriously, watching the wetness expand from Theo's crotch.

"No, im awake" he said weakly, very out of it. Emma hadn't stopped petting him, which meant he wasn't going to move even if you paied him to.

"Do you know youre peeing in your pants right now?" She asked, her voice soft and gentle. It made him feel so safe. Weren't boys supposed to be the once making girls feel safe?

Theo flickered his eyes a little. He was vaugely aware of it, but he hadn't payed attention to it before now.

"...Huh...yeah, i guess i am" he acknowledged, a warm blush blooming on his cheeks. He felt childish, he should stop, but he couldn't bring himself to tighten any of his muscles.

"I dont think i can stop" he informed sleepily, still lazily leaking on the couch. That would be so annoying to clean later.

"Huh" Emma emoted in a 'what do you know' kind of tone. "That's ok, it's just us here. You can pee your pants all you want baby, there's no need to hold it in. It suits you"

"Suits me?"

"Yeah. Bedwetting suits you a lot, it'd feel wrong, i think, if you wern't a bedwetter. It's just a thing i always think about when i think of you, like an inherent part of you. I think peeing your pants while you're awake too only makes sense" she explained happily.

"Ugh... im really gonna end up completely incontinent if you tell me stuff like that"

"That's fine. Don't you feel good being wet right now?" She asked, giving his scalp a sattesfying skritch. Theo moaned weakly as another little stream ran out of him, warming his crotch again.

"Yeah... feels cozy"

"it is. Your wet bed in the mornings is nice too"

Theo couldnt help but agree.

*013*2023-08-15 19:27

The 5th and final part, i hope you all enjoyed this little story.

These days Theo's insomnia had improved drastically. He now frequently sleapt quite well, which of course also ment his bedwetting was just as frequent. He hadn't had a full dry week in ages, something he was sure of due to the bedwetting calander Emma had gotten and hung up in their now shared bedroom. despite the fact that it was a little embarrassing he couldn't be happier. It was all thanks to Emma, her sweet words and ecuragement, making him feel so safe and comfortable. Emma's sleep issues were getting better as well, slowly but surely. It helped her to sleep beside him, and even though he offered to wear diapers so she wouldn't get wet, she told him not to. He had no idea why she liked his wet sheets so much, but who was he to deny her.

In a newer development, Theo had started wetting himself sometimes when awake too, triggered by Emma's cuddeling. She had perfected the art of lulling him into a blissed-out, vulnerable state, finding that one good spot on his scalp and dig into it just right, making him gush like the tap on a bathtub. "That's a good boy" she would say, and it would make him feel like a little puppy dog, happiest creature on the face of the planet. He was pretty sure she liked that, feeling he was a big guard dog she could command to roll over and wet itself whenever she wanted. He wasn't one to lie to himself, that's basically what he was.

Ofcourse, she started abusing this power the second she had it. It was quickly becoming her favorite hobby to make him pee himself in public, not super obviously so he'd get caught, but he always had to awkwardly hide his soaked crotch and butt, occationally tracks down his legs. He rarely left home without a jacket to tie around his waist anymore.

He knew if he asked her seriously to stop, she would, but the gleeful grin on her face and the rosy blush on her cheeks made the embarrassment more then worth it. Plus, there was something about the loss of control, experiencing the proof that his mind and body was so ruined by her that he couldn't help it even if he wanted to, that got him hot and bothered. So he didn't ask her to stop. He did buy some diapers, though.

"You didn't wet yourself" Emma pouted as they got back home, kicking their shoes of in the hallway after getting back from the movies.

"No, i did... it's just, well, im wearing a diaper" Theo replied.

Emma looked surprised, but lit up imidiatly.

"Really?"

"Yeah... i mean, it's embarrassing if everyone can see, and i'd feel bad if someone else sat in it later..."

She giggled, tiptoing to kiss his cheek.

"You're so adorable Theo, always so conciderate"

Theo smiled wide at the praise. Fuck, he didn't know if he could ever live without this again.

"No diapers to bed though, only outside"

"Yes ma'am"

*015*2023-08-15 22:17

{{2 hours ago, eliska_91 said:

OMG.. Is this a positive ending, or is she just being really cruel to him?! I would never, NEVER take advantage of a "weakness" ((not the best choice of word but can't think of anything else)) like that, to get power or control or dominance in a relationship. Poor Theo. I can't help but see red flags everywhere now. He can do what he wants, he can fight the daytime wetting in public if it makes him feel better about himself. He can wear diapers at night if he wants to. Hell.. I will put them on for him 🥰

Emma, don't you freaking dare use this against your beautiful, vulnerable boyfriend. I feel so suspicious of you right now and if you abuse him in any way and then use his difficulties against him if your relationship should inevitably crumble, I will be out there to eat your soul in a single gulp. Consider yourself warned, bitch!!

}}

Well, it is not meant to be abusive, he goes along with it because he enjoyes it, but it can be up for interpritation i suppose.

I do frequently write distinctly toxic and abusive dynamics, but this was not meant to be one of them, haha.

