Anderson's Wet Dream

Author: BackThatUpC

*000*2018-12-26 23:14

Authors note: Sorry if it's kinda bad lmao

Andy was casually laying in bed, scrolling through his Instagram feed in the darkness of his unlit room. He felt hinself grow tired, but figured he'd still be awake a while, after all it was only 8:30. Instead, though, he drifted to sleep within the next few minutes.

Next thing he knew, Andy "awoke" into a classroom, taking what he believed was a math quiz. He didn't realize he was dreaming, and he stared at the page in front of him intently, but the words didn't make sense. It was like he was trying to read a foreign language. Andy looked around at everyone flying through the quiz, their pencils jerking across the page. He tried to look back at his own paper, but still, nothing made sense.

It was then he felt a twinge in his bladder. He faltered slightly, but quickly regained his posture. It began to press on him how bad he had to piss, and he glanced worriedly at clock positioned at the front of the room. He thought about asking his teacher, Mrs. Daroh, to go, but he knew he'd get turned down as he hadn't finished his quiz.

His leg bounced up and down as he scribbled some illegible writing, not caring how bad he did on the assignment right now. As he worked, he felt his urge growing stronger in record time. Andy rushed to stand up the moment he finished the page.... but he realized the instant he did it that it was a bad decision.

The sudden movement caused his bladder to spurt out a few drops into his underwear. However, he didn't have time to deal with it, and speedily walked towards the teacher's desk, paper in hand. Andy handed the quiz to Mrs. Daroh before begging her to let him use the bathroom, however he got denied, as there was only 3 minutes left of class. He whined before hesitantly sitting down in his seat.

Those 3 minutes were agony. His bladder seemed to edge toward the breaking point in ungodly time, and Andy had to sit there holding himself through the pain. Under the desk, he gave a dick a squeeze every few seconds, praying he could hold it in. Once he reached the one minute mark, an uncrontrollable, large spurt exploded out of his urethra. He managed to stop the flow, but there was now a noticeable damp patch on Andy's light-colored pants. The spurt didn't give him any relief though, instead the ever-growing pain had become worse, and he winced while letting out a small whimper.

After what seemed like years of torture, the bell rang. The alarming noise caused a small spurt to shoot out of him, but it didn't do too much. He slowly sat up, still holding hinself with both hands, feeling like he would burst any moment. Feeling a wave of desperation began to build, he made a desperate sprint towards the bathrooms, which thankfully weren't far from his class. He ran passed the other students, trying to ignore the strong pain and small leaks with each step he took. He made it to the restrooms and made a mad dash into the men's room. Thankfully, it was vacant. He stood in front of the urinal, but his aching bladder couldn't take it.

Andy desperatly tried to zip down his pants as a strong stream of piss flowed out from his dick, soaking his pants and underwear in the process. He stood there in defeat, knowing there was nothing he could do at this point. However, at the same time, he moaned in pleasure, as it felt so good to release the pent up pee inside him.

Pee soaked every inch of his pants. Urine puddled around his shoes, spreading across the tiled floor. After a minute or so, his stream turned into small droplets before stopping completely, and Andy continued to stare into his mess. It was then Andy really woke up. It took him a second to comprehend reality. But, he realized he awoke to drenched shorts and sheets, along with a large erection pleading for attention. Oh, fun.

