Hermione’s biggest desperation hold: A Harry Potter Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-01-29 04:45

Hermione Granger couldn’t sleep it was 1:00 AM and found out she had to pee in bed. She ignored her urge and went back to sleep, she wakes up ten minutes later she peed the bed. Ginny heard the sound of her pee wetting the sheets, she walks over to her bed and tells her something if she can’t fall asleep she masterbates in her bed waiting for her to piss the bed, she tells Hermione to take off her wet pyjamas.

Hermione took off all her clothes she slid under her sheets with Ginny and she told her to play around with her pussy by squeezing it very tight, stroking it to make it uncomfortable and stretching it making her relief worse. The two naked girls keep doing this and finally wet the bed with their hot golden warm pee as the feel of these makes them sleep together naked in a very warm bed. That was 1:19 AM.

It was the next day Hermione and Ginny were the only two girls up as they both walked naked to the common room bathroom, where they peed in the sink while brushing their hair. The two girls finished and cleaned off their wet hairy pussy as they both got dressed. They wore only on Mondays pantyhose as the girls and the other girls woke up and got dressed.

They all sat down in the great hall and ate breakfast, a house full of boys and girls sitting on each table. Ginny had a big crush on Harry Potter but was too shy to tell him because she thought that he wouldn’t want a girlfriend or even wife who loves masterbating and wetting the bed. They finished by Dumbledor’s speech and let them go to all classes.

Hermione drank so many orange juice is when she got to Professor Mcgonagall’s class she already had to pee. Hermione did not put her hand up and say please professor can I go and use the bathroom, she sat there quitet and used magic to make her bladder not open and peeing herself. The period was over and just one more to go her bladder was now fine just like before she sat on her spot in the classroom, next was charms. Today they learnt the spell Aguamenti (which is the water spell), these was very bad for her bladder especially when she could hear jets coming out of their wands and the sound of water could not help her hold her pee in for after the lesson, the period ended.

Hermione caught up with Ginny and both have been holding the pee in from the two periods before now, they both walked to the only bathroom that no other girl uses and that is Moaning Myrtle’s bathroom. Hermione and Ginny comes very day to wet themselves everyday peeing on the tiles wetting their panties, pantyhose and skirt. They wait until their pee comes out and wetting themselves, they both feel a squirt of pee come out and dampening her panties and pantyhose. They let another one come out from their hairy pussy as this one makes her panties more wetter and more streams of pee runs down their legs into their socks. They let it go and they freely let her bladder open and pee themselves as the girls feel the warmth of their pee wetting her skirt, panties and running down their legs wetting their pantyhose.

Moaning Myrtle missed being alive and being able to touch her hairy pussy and masterbate. Hermione and Ginny leave and say goodbye to Myrtle and clean themselves that it doesn’t look like that they had an accident and processed to the great hall to eat lunch.

*003*2020-06-16 13:28

{{On 6/5/2020 at 9:06 AM, xdcfvgbhnj said:

It should be more specific

}}

It’s actually a sequel to one of my other Hermione omos.

When I did this I didn’t know how to do a sequel to this, but if I did it now it would be much more specific.

