Desperation Under the Influence

Author: BurstingStory

*000*2019-01-13 21:39

Driving home in her car was a young teenager named Brooke. She was a junior in high school, just turning 17 recently. She had just left a friend's house after a long party and was on her way home. It wasn't a far drive, ten minutes at most, and it was a very nice night out. However; her car's movements were very unsteady, and it veered all over the road, to the chagrin of other drivers. Brooke had a lot to drink, and being a teenager gave no thought about her drive home. She assumed she would be fine, and she could simply sleep the alcohol off.

Turning onto a country road, she was speeding down the middle of the road, almost home. "I'm....almost home..." She thought to herself, smiling softly. Her train of thought was interrupted, by flashing lights in her rear view mirror, and the sound of a police siren.

"Shit!" Brooke shouted, and pulled the car over, extremely frustrated. She hoped she could hide the fact that she was drinking, but she was doubtful. She had a lot to drink, and considering she was underage, she didn't want her parents to be notified about what she had done.

The police car pulled up behind her, and the officer got out of the car, walking slowly up Brooke's window. She rolled it down and looked at him. "Ma'am, you were driving pretty recklessly for about a mile or so." He informed her, as he looked around. "You were driving in the middle of the road, and you were speeding about 10 miles over the speed limit. Can I see your license and registration please?" He asked, as Brooke handed it to him, and he went back to his car to inspect it.

Brooke patiently waited, as another need started to arise. "I have to go to the bathroom...I don't think I went at the party, and I had a ton to drink...." She thought to herself, as if on cue, she could feel the pressure building up in her bladder.

About three minutes later, and the officer returned, handing the papers back to Brooke. "Miss, can you please step out of the car for me for a second?" He asked, motioning her to exit the car. Brooke complied, and she did so, as her short skirt revealed her long legs, up to her thighs. The officer looked at her for a second, and pulled out a breathalyzer. "I'm going to ask you to breath into this, if you don't mind?" He spoke sternly, indicating it wasn't really much of a question.

Brooke sighed, knowing that she was about to get caught here. Not wanting to resist, she gave the sobriety test, and saw the officer's look on his face, as the result came back. "Miss Farrell, you're blood alcohol content is above the legal limit, not to mention you're below the legal age to drink. Please place your hands behind your back." He commanded, pulling out his handcuffs, and handcuffing Brooke gently. He led her to the backseat of his patrol car, as he went over to call a tow truck.

Brooke sighed, as she rested her head against the window, and crossed her legs in the tight back seat. She really had to go bad, she was tempted to ask the officer to let her go in the woods, but she didn't want to embarrass herself like that. It would be better just to hold until they got to the police station.

Five minutes later, the officer got in the car and started to drive, not saying a word. Brooke was also silent, but was squirming in the back seat, her desperation increasing now. Every little bump the car took, she was afraid she was going to leak a little, as she willed her muscles to hold it in as best she could. She couldn't use her hands to hold, as they were cuffed behind her, and she wished she could hold with her hands.

Soon, the car came to a stop at the police station, and Brooke was extremely relieved. She could now ask to use the bathroom, and relieve her aching bladder. The officer opened the door and escorted her in to the processing room, where she was told to wait a minute.

"Please, can I use the bathroom? I have to go really bad..." Brooke pleaded with him. "Sorry miss...you have to hold it for a little bit..." He said before walking off. Brooke hunched over, and tapped her feet anxiously. She could feel herself ready to lose it, as she squirmed around. She felt a slight warm spot, and gasped audibly. She had just leaked a bit, and she could feel a wave of desperation coming now. "Please...somebody let me go to the bathroom!" She shouted to nobody in particular.

As if on cue, the door opened and a female officer walked in. "Miss Farrell? I'll be taking you to your room now..." She said, walking forward and escorting Brooke, with her cuffed hands. Brooke was relieved and she almost smiled, figuring there would be a toilet she could use in there. She felt an aura of confidence, knowing she could finally pee, and release her bladder's contents. Opening up a door, Brooke was led inside, as the door shut, and there was a loud lock from the outside.

Turning around, Brooke's jaw hit the floor. It was an empty room with a bed, but no toilet. She was almost ready to cry, as her spirits dropped enormously. "I have to go to the bathroom...please...let me go!" She went to the window and shouted, but there was no response.

Brooke felt another warm spot, and she used her last ounce of strength to hold it in, but it was no use. She felt her muscles give in, as a feeling of warmth spread across Brooke's panties, and a trickle started to leak down to the floor, and it became a steady stream, for almost a minute. Brooke didn't bother to try and hold it in, simply letting it happen, as a large puddle pooled up under the girl's legs.

Brooke was incredibly embarrassed but was also relieved as well, as she wouldn't have to worry about her bladder anymore. She looked down, and her skirt was stained, a large wet spot right in the middle, and her legs were soaked in her own pee. "Well...there's one less thing to worry about..." She sighed softly, and sat on the bed. The door opened, and the female officer looked at Brooke, and then at the puddle.

"Looks like you need a change of clothes." She said, laughing softly.

*005*2019-01-14 21:58

I agree, I don't support DUI, especially for minors, and people who do drink and drive are very dangerous. However, I didn't intend for it to be the main part of the story, but I can see how that would be a prevalent theme in it.

