An amazing weekend (part 1)

Author: Babedut123

*000*2018-07-15 12:53

Hi my name is Chole and this is a story from when I was a teenager. I was on my way home with my best friend Sam looking forward to the weekend which we’ve agreed to spend together. It was a 15 min walk from school and I noticed Sam squirm. I asked what was wrong and she stated she had to pee, quite badly. I asked if she could hold it until we got home which she assured me she could. However about 2 minutes before we got home she suddenly stopped grabbed her crouch and stood completely still. You could se a wet spot form on the front of her denim shorts as she blushed and excused herself. I said it was ok and everyone could have an accident. When we got home she changed into a new pair of panties and a skirt. We didn’t talk much about it, we pretty much pretended it didn’t happened. Later that day at afternoon I sat at the toilet and heard a load knock on the door.

“Hurry up I’m about to pee myself again” Sam screamed

“give me a minute, I need to wipe myself” I answered

As I opened the door she rushed in and jumped doing the pee pee dance. She struggled with the zipper and looked like she was about to panic. Suddenly she stopped fighting it and wet herself again right in front of me.

“im such a baby” she said

I tried to comfort her and soon after she was happy again. Later that night when I was showering the exact same thing happened, knock on the door and a scream, however this time she already stood in a puddle of piss when I opened the door to let her in.

As I stood there only wearing a towel I started to get curious about how it felt and asked her about it. She described it as warm and relieving. At that moment I deiced to give it a try but to make it seem less weird I asked her.

“Do you want me to wet myself too”

“would that make you feel better”

She nodded

“okay give me a minute to find something to wet, and to drink some water”

I walked to my room and found a pair of tights which I never used. I spend the next hour drinking 2L of water and soon could feel the urge to pee. I told Sam as I stood up and tried to let go. Nothing happed. Sam suggested I tried over a toilet. Again nothing happened.

Almost as I was about to give up, Sam locked the bathroom from the outside and said.

“now there’s no where else to go”

To make I did’nt take the tights down to pee, I asked her to tie me up. She used my brothers handcuffs (kids toy) and tied me to a table leg. Shortly after my bladder gave up.

“Oh my god Sam, im peeing, im actually peeing my pants”

I could feel the wetness gather around my crouch and got a tickling feeling down there.

“oh my god, I can’t believe I had an accident in front of you”

Sam smiled and said

“Can I tell you a secret?”

“Sure” I responded

“About the three times before” she added

“what about them”

“they weren’t accidents

*003*2018-07-15 14:47

{{49 minutes ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

I like the plot to it but it seems extremely rushed. Just going from one “accident” to another

}}

Thanks for the heads up, will keep that in mind for the part 2

*004*2018-07-20 23:59

Part 2

Next morning I woke up with a note next to me.

"Out to buy groceries for breakfast, back 10am"signed Sam

It was 9:30 so I knew I had to wait a little for her.

As I stretched, I noticed a slight urge to pee, but ignored it as I went to the kichen to take a glass of water (my mouth is always dry in mornings.

As time went by, my urge grew, but for some reason I didn't go to the bathroom.

The clock was now 10:05 and still no sight of Sam. I desided to go towards the bathroom since my desperation now was at an 8/10.

The door was locked, I had completely forgotten we locked it yesterday when I wanted to wet myself. And Sam had the key.

Looking back at yesterday, it was quite tempting doing it again. I tried convincing my self Sam probably wouldn't make it home before my bladder gives up, so why bother holding?

I simply stood in the hallway to the bathroom letting lose into my blue pajamas. As the wetness spread and I could feel it go down my legs I heard the door open.

"I'm back" Sam said

Somehow I wanted her to come up and catch me peeing myself again, like a little girl. So I stayed there.

"Are you awoke" Sam asked

"Umm yeah" I said

I could hear her steps closing in on me, turn around the corner and... she stopped, she couldn't believe I'd peed myself again.

"You had the only key" I said. Trying to sound as sad and embarrassed as I could.

"I'm so sorry" Sam said. "Please let me make it even. She pushed me aside, stood right above my puddle and began to add to it. It looked like she really enjoyed it, as she put her hand in heR pants and started moving it in circular motions.

After she was done peeing she excused herself, took the key out of her pocket and locked herself into the bathroom.

