Batgirl’s accident

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-01-21 11:44

It was night in Gotham City, as Batgirl was protecting Gotham tonight. She was standing on a tall building and saw a man with a hoodie and knife! He was trying to kill this Gotham resident as Batgirl swooped down to save the day. While she was grappling down she felt a weird feeling on her abdomen, “oh shit!” She said, because she knew what it was she had to pee! ”I have to hold it in.” She said. She got down and the robber said “It’s the Batgirl!” Batgirl gave him a kick to the face which knocked him to the ground, that was a bad move because it mad her urge to pee worse. The man got up again and pulled out his knife from his pocket, which he used on batgirl.

He swung it around and trying to hit Batgirl, but Batgirl took out one of her batarangs and threw it at his knife. Then she did the same but at his legs which tied him up. Batgirl felt the urge again crossing her legs tight and let the civilian free. Just then her iPhone rang it is Bruce Wayne (Batman) calling to tell her to keep an eye on the robber before he comes with Gordon, she said “she will” and ended the call. Now she couldn’t go to the bathroom,”oh no!” She said. She felt she had a half full bladder she had to find somewhere to pee before it come out into her suit.

She found an alleyway and walked there it wasn’t too far, she then got there and found an area to pee. She then started taking of her belt off then her pants, but there was a problem her pants were tight and she couldn’t take it off because her bladder was hooking Into it. She tried and tried and tried but it didn’t come off, she screamed as she felt that her bladder was full! Aaaah!, aaah!, aaaaaaaah! She kept saying. She finally got button off as she kept pulling her pants down, then a gush of hot pee coming from her bladder into her pussy came squirting out and damping her white panties with the Batman logo on it. She pulled it above by her legs (which is half way between her pussy and legs), she felt another gush of hot pee coming from her bladder into her pussy came squirting out and her white panties.

She got her whole pants down and expected the leek it was a minor leek she then felt the pressure on her bladder hitting her abdomen hard, she carefully down she got half way down and it felt like she was going to have an accident right now. She got it down to her ankles and then she squeezed her legs tight and put her hands down on her bladder/pussy, she screamed like she was dying. She then got her panties lower but then her flood gates opened and her stream of golden hot pee come from her pussy and into her panties soaking them wet. She stoped and looked at the accident and it was really bad.

She knew that she should not had 5 Cokes from Bruce, as she walked back to the crook that was tied up and waited for Bruce to come with her father Commissioner Gordon.

*002*2018-01-24 00:57

Part 2

