White Lily, Black Rose

Author: Black_Ailerons

*000*2024-04-14 02:19

Hello everyone!

Well… It’s time to bite the bullet and post something, I guess. I’ve been a fan of this forum many years—ever since I figured out what this fetish was called, really—and I’ve had this idea floating around for a while. I’ve been working on it on and off for some time (about three years), and I’m finally ready to start posting it.

This story begins in September, 1941. In a surprise move, Germany has declared war on the Soviet Union, and their troops have pushed eastwards at an alarming pace. Soviet losses are catastrophic. In order to compensate for wavering manpower, Soviet women are stepping into an increasingly large role in the war effort. They see front-line action not only on the ground, but in the sky as well: hundreds of Soviet women serve heroically on the front lines as fighter and bomber pilots.

As the Third Reich bears down hard, the Soviet Union seeks to shelter what remains of the Red Air Force by relocating their bases to hidden locations behind the front lines. In the remote Russian north, a newly formed squadron of six female pilots has been deployed to one such hideout, dubbed bukhta (cove).

This is my first omorashi-themed story (and, for that matter, the first story I’ve ever written that was longer than a few pages). I hope you enjoy! o7

//// September 1, 1941

It was the first day of autumn. The long, hot days of a northern summer were quickly shortening, and the rains had started to roll in. The dirt roads that were the only way through the Russian forest had turned to mud, forcing the convoy to slash brown furrows through the terrain. The evergreens were laden with moisture; every branch and needle sparked with water in the wan sunlight. There was a feeling of timelessness in the air, as if the entire forest and everything in it would never move again. The war, and the tumult that it brought, seemed worlds away.

Lilya watched through her window-slit as the column of trucks wove its way north. There was no seating of any kind in her transport, so she sat with her back against the cold metal wall, her white-blonde hair draped across her face as she looked at the passing trees out of the corner of her eye. The three other girls in the vehicle were asleep, wrapped in blankets on the vehicle’s metal floor. Surrounded by these sleeping strangers, and already farther from home than she’d ever been, Lilya felt terribly alone. Even so, she dreaded the moment the journey would come to an end. She—Lilya Litvyak, a farm-girl of eighteen years—was going to war. A year ago, it would have been beyond belief. But that was before Germany had betrayed the Soviet Union and stormed the western border.

In the early days, the war had seemed wonderfully exciting. Despite the disaster of the opening months, morale had remained high on the home front, and Lilya had felt certain that the Wehrmacht would be repulsed. Back in her hometown, patriotic music played every day, and she had lamented that the men were allowed to march out and fight while the women had to stay behind. Her brother had been conscripted in the very first week, leaving her alone with her mother. Lilya had been flying civilian aircraft for years—crop-dusters, mainly—and expected to be saddled with cargo- or transfer-flight duties. 

When the letter had arrived in the mail calling her into frontline service, it had felt like a dream come true. She had imagined crowds cheering as she stood in the center of Red Square, medals flashing on her chest, Yakovlevs roaring overhead in tribute. The war would be a grand adventure; a chance for her to bring honor to her family and her country. She hadn’t felt scared until the convoy had arrived pick her up.

A few men from the village had stumbled out: broken men, with bloodstained bandages and dead eyes. She could still feel their eyes staring through her; still imagine the horrors that they had seen. As she shuffled past the wounded soldiers—alone, gripping her small roll of belongings—she was forced to cast aside her fantasies and acknowledge that in a few months’ time, she would probably be dead.

The truck lurched, bringing her back to the present. A heap of blankets moved as the girl next to her poked out her head. Her blonde hair tumbled past her shoulders as she looked around. Her gaze quickly settled on Lilya. “Oh, hello! I’m sorry; if I had known you were awake, I wouldn’t have left you all alone! You must have been bored out of your mind just staring at trees for fifty fucking hours.” The girl’s face was beautiful, with bright blue eyes, smooth white skin and a mouth that looked made for smiling.

Lilya tried to force a smile of her own. She normally wasn’t one for small talk, but in that moment, she wanted a friend.

“Oh, it’s all right. It really is beautiful up here, away from everything. I’ve just been…thinking about things. What’s your name? I’m Lilya.”

“Natalya.” With her blankets still wrapped around her, the blonde girl sat up and scooted to the side of the car so that she was sitting next to Lilya. “Aren’t you cold? Sitting on the metal like this is torture; I’m freezing my ass off!”

Lilya tried to think of something funny to respond with, but only managed a half-smile and a shrug. “I don’t know. It’s not so bad. I guess, growing up, the farmhouse where we lived would always let in the wind. After a while you just get…” Lilya trailed off. A hundred different memories overwhelmed her, unbidden: pulling fresh-baked bread from the oven on a wooden paddle; sprinting through the neighbor’s fields with her brother with a clutch of stolen eggs in her knapsack; listening to the warmth of her mother’s voice as she told her stories before bed; lying on a hilltop, staring up at the clouds on a perfect summer’s day…

Her vision suddenly blurred, and try as she might, she could not stop tears from running down her face. Doubt overwhelmed her. She was a daughter of the Soviet Union; why was she crying at the thought of making the same sacrifices that so many already had? Some fighter she would make! She turned away from Natalya in shame.

Undeterred, Natalya slid closer and took Lilya’s hand in her own.

“Hey, listen, it’s all right. You’re not the only one who’s scared. None of us know what we’re doing here. You don’t have to pretend.”

At the unexpected warmth of her comrade’s touch, Lilya’s breath caught. She turned her head, and saw that Natalya was smiling again; not playfully this time, but kindly. For the first time since her departure, Lilya felt something like hope stir in her chest.

With a slender hand, Natalya brushed Lilya’s hair off of her face. “All we have to do is stick together.”

___

The hours drifted by quickly as the two girls fell deep into conversation, huddled together underneath Natalya’s blankets. Lilya was amazed at how easy it was to speak to her new companion. Bound together by shared circumstance, they felt like two childhood friends who had reunited, eager to tell each other about the intervening years. Natalya, it turned out, had been born the only daughter of a successful grain merchant in St. Petersburg. Although their family was no longer as wealthy as they had been before the Revolution, Natalya’s father still commanded enough respect and influence to allow his daughter to attend university, and eventually pursue her love of aviation. Natalya was never condescending or arrogant, but she carried the effortless confidence of someone who was used to getting their way. It struck Lilya that, had she herself had been raised under more affluent circumstances, she would have become a very different person.

The convoy rolled on and on; occasionally slowing where the roads were in bad condition, but never stopping its northward march. Lilya wondered aloud if they would ever reach their airbase, or if they would simply run out of fuel, get buried in the mud, and starve to death.

Natalya chuckled and pushed herself to her feet, taking her blankets with her. Lilya, suddenly bereft of warmth, shivered. Natalya shuffled to the front of the enclosure—stooping to avoid hitting her head on the roof—and banged on the metal wall. A second later a hatch opened, revealing a bushy beard protruding beneath a pair of eyebrows scrunched together by irritation. “Chto eto?”

“When are we getting out of this lockbox?” Natalya demanded in her most authoritative tone. “Is the plan to drive until we run out of road?”

The beard and eyebrows chuckled. “Nearly enough. But don’t sound so upset—in a month or two when the Wermacht breaks through, you’ll wish I’d driven you even further.”

The hatch slammed shut. The Lilya and Natalya fell silent, leaving nothing but the sound of rattling metal.

It was at this time that the two remaining girls began to stir beneath their blankets. The first to emerge was a brunette with tanned skin and disheveled, short-cropped hair. Once she got her bearings, she turned towards Lilya and Natalya. “We’re still going north?” Her voice was low and hard, although not hostile. Even wrapped in a homespun patchwork quilt, she had an intensity about her that made Lilya feel slightly uncomfortable.

Natalya was first to recover. “That’s right! The driver says the plan is to leave us up here to freeze solid, and then when spring comes we’ll thaw out behind enemy lines and take them by surprise.” The short-haired girl merely nodded.

“My name’s Natalya,” she pressed on. “And this is Lilya.” There was a painful pause. “And you are…?”

The girl was silent for a moment. “Esfir.” And with that, she turned towards the wall and pulled her quilt back over her head.

Natalya scowled and might have said something, but the fourth girl—who had just straightened up—shook her head. “Don’t worry about Esfir. We’ve been riding together since morning. She’s all right, really—she just doesn’t talk too much.” Her voice was soft and friendly, but with slight undertone of anxiety. “My name is Eva, by the way. It’s a pleasure to meet both of you.” 

As Lilya clasped the outreached hand—startlingly soft compared to her own—she took a moment to appraise Eva. She looked young, Lilya thought, even though she could be no more than a few months her junior and still be eligible for the draft. Her skin was a flawless white; clear and smooth, framed by straight brown hair that fell halfway down her back. Lilya could see the glint of gold around the collar of Eva’s sky-blue dress as her blankets slipped. Imagine wearing that to war… it must be the plainest clothing she owns. Lilya knew at once that Eva had not worked a day of hard labor in her life. Despite her good manners, Eva carried the tension of someone far outside their comfort zone. Lilya guessed she had lived a sheltered life. Not that anything would have prepared us for this…

At the mention of Eva’s name, Natalya’s eyes widened. “Eva Sokolova? I remember you! Your father came to our house for some business matter, and you were there with him. I couldn’t have been more than eight. After dinner, we left the table and snuck into gardens while they were still talking. I still remember your father shouting at you when we were caught!”

Eva blushed at the recollection, but she seemed genuinely pleased to meet someone she already knew. As the two began to talk animatedly, Lily had to suppress a stab of envy at being excluded. Eva, it turned out, was even higher-born than Natalya, being a distant member of the now-defunct Russian royal family. Natalya pressed her on how she could have possibly ended up here, but Eva seemed reticent and quickly changed the subject. Lilya was curious as well, but the conversation had left her behind, and she was silent. We’re all on the same side here—there’s no need to be jealous, she reminded herself as she returned to her window slit. The road was getting steadily worse, and the shadows were lengthening. The convoy continued north.

BANG. The truck barreled over a bump in the road, sending all four girls airborne for a second before crashing back down to the metal floor. Esfir cursed, and Eva released a yelp of fright. “God, we’d better get there soon!” Natalya shouted up towards the driver. “We’ve been driving all day and I’m starving!”

“Me too,” said Lilya quietly. She did not mention that there was another reason she hoped the ride was nearly over. She had been too distracted to notice until then, but her bladder was slowly filling up. When the truck had hit the bump, she had felt a sudden pang in her lower abdomen; for a second, she had feared she might let go by accident. The sensation had subsided to a slight pressure, but she knew it was only a matter of time before she was in real trouble. She surreptitiously glanced around to see how the other girls were doing. Natalya was definitely a little fidgety, although that might be nothing more than discomfort with their less-than-first-class travel arrangements. Eva looked uncomfortable as well, sitting stock-still against the wall. Esfir alone looked unfazed as she looked back at Lilya with bright blue eyes. Lilya averted her gaze.

Natalya started up the conversation again, and this time Lilya made sure to join in. To her surprise, both Eva and Natalya seemed interested in her unassuming life as a farmgirl and questioned her about it at length. “You rode cows? Is that even possible?” Eva asked, wide-eyed.

Lilya laughed. “Sure! That’s nothing. You should have seen what we did with the baling machine… we would jump in the middle of the haystack and get tied up in the bale. Then we would roll each other down the hill. It’s a miracle no-one got hurt!”

Eva sighed wistfully. “That sounds like so much fun. I feel like I wasted my whole life indoors.”

“It does,” Natalya agreed. “I was always envious of the adventures that Anton got up to.”

“Anton?” Eva asked. Lilya had to stop herself from rolling her eyes—it was obvious that Natalya was fishing for questions.

“Anton was my boyfriend, of sorts,” said Natalya with a mischievous grin. “He was a smoke-jumper—an airborne firefighter. He’s the one who turned me on to aviation. He would fly in transport planes with his team, and they would drop into Siberia just in front of wildfires that were threatening towns in the middle of nowhere. Sometimes, they would have to fend for themselves for weeks in the wilderness before they were picked back up again! He was a bit older, but so handsome. My father would never have approved of him, so we could only meet every once in a while, when I went into town. It was never going to go anywhere, of course. Still—” Natalya winked—“it was fun while it lasted.” Lilya blushed at the implication.

“What about you, Lilya?” Natalya asked with a grin. “Are you leaving anyone special behind?”

“I… no, not really. Living on the farm was always really busy, and I only went into town a few times a year. I never got the chance to meet many boys.” Well, that’s partly true, she thought. In fact, a lot of the boys back home had shown interest in her, but she had rebuffed them all. It was hard for her to describe why. One night, at the end of a long day’s work, a farmhand had pulled her close and kissed her before she could say no. She had kissed him back, just like in the stories—but on the inside, she hadn’t felt anything. “I guess I just haven’t met the right person.”

Natalya looked slightly amused, but nodded sympathetically. “There will be plenty of time for all that later on. What about you, Eva? Any princes we should know about?”

To Lilya’s surprise, Eva blushed and looked away. “I hardly think that’s any of your concern!”

“Well, all right then!” said Natalya, clearly taken aback. “I was just asking; it’s not like I’m trying to steal him! Esfir, what about you?”

Esfir, who had hardly spoken, only smirked. “I don’t talk about my personal life with strangers.”

“Jesus! What’s wrong with you people! We’re about to spend God knows how long together at the edge of the earth, there’s no need to—ahh!”

The truck had driven over another bump, and Natalya’s hand had involuntarily shot between her legs, sending her blankets flying. It was her turn to blush. “Sorry—I really have to pee.”

////

*005*2024-04-19 23:13

Thank you all for the words of encouragement 🙂

Don't worry, I have (basically) already finished writing! So yes, I know how it ends haha. I am running through the sections one last time before posting them.

*006*2024-04-19 23:21

//// September 1, 1941 (CONTINUED)

“Me too,” said Lilya, trying to hide her gratitude that Natalya had spoken first. As silly as it was, she hadn’t wanted to be the first person to bring up her need to relieve herself. Now that her mind was focused on it, her bladder seemed to be filling at an accelerated rate, and the waistband of her pants felt tight. Surreptitiously, beneath her blankets, she reached down and unbuttoned them. “I… I hope we arrive soon. To be honest, I’m not sure how much longer I can wait.”

“Me, neither,” Natalya agreed. The blonde-haired girl still had her hand between her legs, and was bouncing her knees off each other. With her blankets gone, Lilya got her first proper look at her traveling companion. Natalya’s clothing was well-made but sensible: closely tailored trousers, and a winter coat that did not quite hide the curve of her generous breasts. She doesn’t look cold anymore, Lilya thought. In fact, Natalya seemed to be perspiring slightly as she crossed and uncrossed her legs.

Eva remained motionless, but she looked decidedly uncomfortable now. She was sitting straight as a rod against the metal wall, and her jaw was clenched.

Mustering her courage, Lilya slid forward and knocked politely on the driver’s hatch. A second later, his mustache popped into view. “Khorosho?”

“Excuse me, sir, could you please tell me how much farther we have to go?”

“Maybe 30 kilometers. Less than an hour, at the rate we’re going.”

An hour! “Is there any way we can stop before then? Just for a few minutes,” Lilya asked in desperation, hoping he would catch her meaning. The driver only scowled.

“We have a tight schedule, and I’m already behind! You lot aren’t my only responsibility—I have other stops to make after this. Don’t you know we’re at war? What is it you need, anyway?”

Lilya’s resolve wavered as her embarrassment won out over her discomfort. “It—it’s nothing. Sorry.” A grunt from the driver, and the hatch closed once more.

“An hour?!” exclaimed Eva.

“Yeah,” Lilya replied, fighting to keep her voice from shaking. “Well, less than an hour. So, who knows. Do you have to go as well?”

Eva hesitated, but then said, “I really do. I guess there’s no point in denying it.” Her cheeks turned pink with embarrassment.

The minutes wore on with agonizing slowness. It wasn’t long before Lilya was fidgeting almost as badly as Natalya, and she started to feel twinges of pain from her aching bladder. She couldn’t remember it ever being so swollen and heavy; it felt like a solid mass inside of her. I wonder how it feels to the touch? Her curiosity got the better of her. Keeping one hand firmly against her crotch, she reached the other under her shirt and gently pressed down. She whimpered as a jolt of pain surged through her, and she clenched her muscles hard to avoid losing control. Her bladder was as hard as a rock! 

With every bump in the road, she could feel her pent-up urine jostle inside her, begging for release. She felt sweat prickle on her scalp, and—no longer caring if the other girls saw her in such a desperate state—tossed her covers to the floor. Eva and Natalya were too distracted to notice, but Esfir caught her gaze and grinned. The short-haired girl seemed amused by their plight, and certainly showed no signs of needing to pee herself. Lucky bitch, Lilya thought uncharitably. She glanced outside. The sun was almost down now, and its light had taken on a golden hue.

Ten minutes to go. At most. Lilya was doing her best to keep track of time by looking at the angle of the sun, but it was an imprecise art. Meanwhile, her body was nearing its absolute limit. Her desperation seemed to be taking a new form—rather than fidgeting, Lilya found herself trying to stay as still as possible. Her bladder was absolutely bursting, and the pressure between her legs was enormous. With every bump in the road, she would squeeze her crotch as hard as she could and pray no urine leaked out, but her urethral muscles were tiring fast.

“Fuck,” she heard Natalya moan, and looked up to see her on her knees, with her ankles crossed and both hands jammed between her legs. She had discarded her coat, and her chest was heaving as she fought the urges of her body, breath by shaky breath. To Lilya’s surprise, Natalya suddenly looked up, and her green eyes met Lilya’s own. Lilya felt a sudden surge of affection brought on by their mutual agony. An odd flutter went through her stomach.

Hiss! At that moment, Lilya’s concentration faltered and she released a jet of piss. In a split second, her cotton panties were soaked through, and a wet spot blossomed on the crotch of her pants. Throwing caution to the winds, she removed her hand from outside of her pants and thrust it inside her panties, attempting to stem the flood at its source. She squeezed her throbbing muscles as hard as she could, and pressed her middle finger mercilessly against her pee-hole. She groaned with relief and frustration as the flow waned to a trickle and then stopped. For a second, it had felt so good to release the piss that was building up inside her, and her body was begging her to give in and empty her bladder. A couple drops seeped through her pants and dripped onto the metal floor. She felt her cheeks grow red with embarrassment as the truck turned, sending the drops rolling towards the other girls. “S-sorry, I couldn’t help myself,” she stammered, mortified.

Lilya’s partial accident had an immediate effect on Eva. For the last half-hour the high-born girl had maintained her composure, but the sound of Lilya wetting herself seemed to be more than she could bear. She suddenly sprung to her feet, tossing aside her blankets.

Even under the circumstances, Lilya couldn’t help but appreciate Eva’s gorgeous attire. The gold filigree Lilya had first seen on the collar of her blue dress ran all the way down to the hem, weaving intricate patterns over her slender figure. The dress ended just below the knee, and beneath, her legs were sheathed in white cotton tights. Eva’s attention, however, was fixed completely on her black leather belt, which cinched her dress at the waist. The narrow strap was biting cruelly into Eva’s abdomen, creasing her bladder as it tried to expand on either side. Lilya stared—Eva’s bladder looked even more distended than her own.

Bouncing from one foot to the other, Eva was frantically trying to undo the gold buckle, but her shaking fingers and the belt’s tightness made the task impossible. She suddenly tensed, and for just a moment Lilya heard the hiss of liquid spraying against fabric. “No… no!” Eva whimpered as she was forced to abandon her efforts with the belt. She hiked up her dress to her waist, and—like Lilya and Natalya before her—buried both hands between her legs.

Lilya gaped at Eva’s tights. Rivulets of piss were working their way down both legs, creating dark streaks in the white fabric that had nearly reached her knees. She must have been leaking for a while already, Lilya realized as she assessed the damage. The wetness was turning her tights translucent, offering just a hint of the pale skin beneath. In between Eva’s fingers, Lilya could see the darker outline of her womanhood. The fabric here was completely saturated, and a tiny trickle of urine was still escaping from between the poor girl’s nether lips and running down her fingers. Lilya stared, transfixed, as pale golden drops fell one by one off the end of a perfectly manicured fingernail. Drip……drip……drip……

“…Lilya!”

She tore her gaze away at the sound of Eva’s voice, and met her tear-filled gaze. “The belt—please—can you help me?” she begged. Her air of dignity and reserve had vanished.

For a moment, Lilya’s words failed her. “I’ll try,” she managed at last. Having released some of her urine—even just a little—Lilya felt marginally more in control. She set her jaw, dragged her hands away from her crotch, and pushed herself to her feet. As expected, the shift in position worsened her desperation, and she could feel her bladder pushing down on her urethra like a lead weight. Taking small steps, she walked over to Eva and sank to her knees in front of her.

Up close, Eva’s desperation took on a new dimension. Lilya inhaled the unmistakable scent of fresh urine, and felt the steamy warmth of the hot liquid as at radiated off of Eva’s thighs. The farmgirl could see Eva’s panties through her sopping tights, and with a mind of their own, her eyes traced the outline of the black silk over the front of Eva’s slender hips and between her legs, where they tightly cupped her—Lilya, focus! The belt!

Straightening her back, she raised her gaze and turned her attention to the gold buckle. She quickly worked out the free end of the black leather strap from the buckle frame. Then she saw the problem—to unseat the metal prong that held the strap tight, she would first have to pull it tighter! “Hold on,” she whispered to Eva. “Things are going to get worse before they get better.” Eva trembled.

Lilya grabbed the end of the belt with one hand, holding the buckle in place with the other. Well, here it goes… She gave the belt a firm tug.

Eva shrieked in pain at the sudden increase in pressure, and reflexively lifted her hands from her crotch. A geyser of piss erupted from her tortured bladder. Her soaked tights and panties were no match for the torrent, and several drops sprayed clear through, landing on Lilya’s face and chest before she could react.

Then the buckle unlatched, the belt slid off, and the geyser abated as quickly as it had started. Eva breathed out a shuddering sob of relief as her restricted bladder was finally given room to expand. She let go of her dress, and it fell back into position. “Ohhhhh… that feels so much better! Thank you so much, Lilya; I apologize for asking you to—" she broke off suddenly at the sight of a dumbstruck Lilya wiping off her face. She blushed crimson. “Oh god—did I? When—oh god, I’m so, so sorry!”

Lilya struggled for a response. “It’s okay, Eva. Honestly. I—I’m not upset with you.” The strangest thing was, it was true—she wasn’t. Her feelings were hard to put into words, but she felt almost shell-shocked. It was as if she had narrowly avoided death and was trying to laugh away the terror or the moment; a blind panic mixed with a euphoric thrill. What the hell is wrong with me? She wobbled as she pushed herself to her feet—her legs were suddenly weak.

“Thank you again,” whispered Eva, managing a tiny smile.

“You’re welcome.” Interesting choice of words, Lilya. Oh well. Turning away at last, she walked back towards her original spot on the wall. Natalya was fully preoccupied by her own discomfort, and didn’t seem to have noticed what had transpired at all. Esfir, however, was looking at Lilya intently. Her face was inscrutable. Lilya could feel her bright blue eyes following her as she walked past and returned to her seat.

To her surprise, the excitement thrumming through her body seemed to be taking the edge off her desperation. The pressure was still there, but somehow the actual urge to urinate… wasn’t? It was very strange. She cast about for a possible explanation for the way she felt. It’s simply aesthetic appreciation, she decided at last. Eva is undeniably a beautiful woman, and the drama and emotion of the whole…scene…was like a work of art. It’s evocative, that’s all. Just like a good song, or a vivid sunset. Although, if truth be told, she couldn’t remember even the prettiest sunset having quite the same effect on her…

Her musings were brought up short by the screech of the truck’s brakes. A minute later, it lurched to a halt. After being in constant motion for so long, the stillness was disorienting. Clang! The truck’s loading doors swung open. Light flooded into the enclosure, revealing their driver standing on a long strip of runway ringed by forest. Lilya could see several airplane hangars on one side, and two long buildings on the other.

“Zdravstvuyte, ladies,” said the driver. “Take your possessions, get out of the truck, and form up in front of that building. Lieutenant Katya Budanova is expecting you.”

////

The four girls stood in a line, with the sun setting over the airfield behind them. Apart from the numerous hangars, the airbase had two long, low-slung buildings, both of which looked to be barracks. One of them was a good bit larger than the other, but it was the smaller that flew the Soviet flag, the hammer and sickle snapping proudly in the wind. It was this building that the four recruits faced. Eva stood the farthest to the left; back straight, chin up, looking like a princess of a bygone age. 

The sun’s yellow rays sparked and danced across the gold on her dress. Next to her Esfir stood confidently, legs apart and hands clasped behind her back in a military pose. With the wind ruffling her short hair and the fringes of her well-worn coat, she looked every bit the soldier. Lilya did her best to emulate her, but her need to pee was steadily returning. Standing with her legs apart did not help matters; she was forced to rely solely on her aching pelvic muscles to hold her water, and she was tiring fast.

Her struggle was nothing compared to Natalya’s, though. The pretty blonde was unable to stand up straight, and both her hands were glued to her crotch. Natalya had been at her bursting point for an unbelievably long time, and was now leaking as quickly as she was filling up. Her close-fitting trousers were soaked from her waist to her thighs, and they clung wetly to the curves of her body. A trail of droplets dotted the concrete; they ran from the now-departed truck to the ground between her trembling legs, where more were steadily falling. Just give in already, Lilya wanted to say, even though she admired Natalya’s tenacity.

A strong gust swirled across the airfield, laden with the scent of pine and gasoline. The wind caught Eva’s dress, lifting the hem above her waist. Lilya caught another glimpse of her piss-soaked white tights, and—just above—the bulge of her distended bladder. Eva hurriedly pulled her dress back down. “My belt! I’d forgotten all about it!” she exclaimed. She reached into her travel bag, pulled out the black leather garment and looped it around her waist. She attempted to refasten it, but was unable to pull it tight enough.

“Are you out of your mind, Eva?” Natalya exclaimed. “Don’t you remember why you had to take it off in the first place?” Eva continued her struggle, tugging repeatedly on the belt, gasping as each contraction squeezed her bladder. “It’s almost—ahh!—on! There’s a looser setting, I’ll—ohh!—I’ll be fine.” She looked up plaintively. “Lilya, I’m so embarrassed to ask you again, but—can you help me? Please?”

Lilya hesitated. Again?! I’m not sure I’ve recovered from the first time! “I…”

“I’ll help.” Before Lilya or Eva could respond, Esfir stepped into position behind Eva, wrapping her arms around the slender girl’s waist. She took the belt from Eva’s hands. Nervousness flitted across Eva’s face.

“Esfir, please be care—ahhhh!”

Esfir pulled the belt savagely, fastening it in place. With a taut hiss, Eva’s floodgates finally broke.

A pressurized stream of urine erupted from her body, and this time Eva was powerless to stop it. She made a halfhearted attempt to stem the flow with her hand, then gave up and resigned herself to her fate. Bending forward, she moaned with relief as pee gushed down her thighs and splattered in a steaming puddle on the ground. Her face was red with humiliation, but her expression was almost blissful. Lilya could now see tracks of piss working their way down Eva’s tights past the knee. “Your shoes!” she warned.

Still pissing with full force, Eva belatedly thought of her clothing. She hiked up her dress and hooked her thumbs inside her waistband. Then she squatted down, pulling her tights and panties to her knees.

For the first time, Eva’s torrent of urine rushed out unimpeded, and Lilya saw her nakedness in the light of day. Lilya knew she shouldn’t look, but once again found her eyes glued to the spectacle in front of her. Esfir too seemed transfixed—she still hadn’t moved from her position behind Eva. Eva’s sex was completely shaven, and Lilya could clearly see the urine splashing off the dark pink of her labia beneath her swollen hood. As Lilya watched, the stream finally weakened and tapered off. The last few drops trickled down her lips and fell to join the growing puddle between her feet.

With a swish, Eva pulled up her soaked tights and stood up. “See? I got my belt on after all,” she said in a shaky voice. Then she grinned. It was not the polished smile of a noblewoman, but something wilder—an expression that was equal parts afraid and exhilarated. She had wandered into a story book: hidden in the Russian forest, one day into a suicide mission. Wetting herself was just icing on the cake. Lilya realized she had misjudged her comrade—there was more to Eva than there appeared.

A minute passed. Natalya continued to squirm and leak. Eva shivered as the urine on her legs cooled. Then, the doors to the barracks swung open, and the girls stood at attention. A solitary figure emerged.

Lieutenant Katya Budanova was a tall woman, a trait accentuated by her stiff military posture. Her shoulder-length black hair was combed straight back under a red beret. Her closely tailored tan uniform highlighted her lean, imposing physique, and from the hardness in her gaze Lilya had no doubt she knew how to use the Tokarev on her hip. Despite her strong features and high cheekbones, she looked younger than Lilya expected—she had envisioned a grizzled veteran, but the woman in front of her seemed no older than thirty. Nonetheless, her aura of command was unmistakable. She looked at the girls one by one, contemplating Esfir for a moment before turning to Lilya. Lilya met her gaze, trying not to flinch as she stared back into her commander’s dark eyes.

After an inscrutable moment, Katya turned to Natalya. The blonde-haired girl was somehow managing not to fidget, but Lilya could see the panic in her eyes. The stress of standing still with her legs apart looked agonizing, and Lilya knew she couldn’t hold out much longer. For her friend’s sake, she hoped their briefing was a short one. Lilya thought she saw the corner of her commander’s mouth curl up in the barest hint of a smile as she looked Natalya up and down. Then, at last, she focused her attention on Eva.

Her eyes flashed as she took in the aftermath of Eva’s accident. “What is the meaning of this?” she asked flatly. Her voice was low and cool, and it sent a shiver of secondhand fear through Lilya.

To her credit, Eva kept her poise, betrayed only by the flush in her cheeks. “My apologies, Lieutenant. I waited as long as I could. Our orders were to stand here until we received further instructions.”

Katya slowly nodded, and an expression that might have been approval crossed her face. “Very well. I’ve seen worse. You all will, by the time we’re done here.

“Daughters of the Soviet Union—you have arrived here at Bukhta airbase in your country’s most desperate hour of need. Even as you were traveling here today, I have received news that German forces have pushed even further east. Smolensk has been encircled by the enemy, and supply lines cut off. Without reinforcement, the troops defending the city won’t last the month.”

Lilya felt her stomach drop. Smolensk was the last major city between the front line and Moscow.

“The Soviet strategy is unchanged,” Katya continued. “Draw out the enemy, overextend him, and outnumber him at every encounter. Every step the Germans take eastwards is a step further from Berlin, and already their supply lines are under stress. Our intelligence reports that German fuel reserves are running low, and keeping up their offensive will only get harder as the cold sets in. If we can last the winter, we may yet survive.

“And that, ladies, is where we come in. This airbase is some four hundred kilometers to the northeast of Moscow, and positioned as far as possible from any other targets of strategic interest. You will not find it on any map. It is designed to be able to operate without resupply for months on end, so that no matter what fate befalls the Red Army this winter, we will still be able to take to the skies. Our mission is to disrupt the German advance in any way possible. We will attack convoys, bases, supply depots, and—if necessary—enemy aircraft. This squadron is one of the very first in the world to allow women to fly fighter aircraft in combat. To do so in defense of your homeland is an honor and a privilege.

“As I mentioned, Bukhta is isolated by design. Thus, our contact with the outside world will be kept to a minimum. We may receive the occasional resupply, but if I were you, I would not expect to go on leave for quite some time. These barracks will be your home.” Katya turned and gestured to the building behind her. This is where you all will stay. It may not be as luxurious as the accommodations some of you are used to”—she glanced at Eva—“but it is a damn sight nicer than the amenities afforded to your comrades on the front lines. Assuming the gas doesn’t run out, we will have heat and warm meals through the winter.

“The larger building behind you is for the grounds crew. There are four of them to every plane, and their work is just as important as ours, since we can’t get off the ground without them. You will get a chance to meet them—and familiarize yourself with your planes—tomorrow.

Katya paused, and her expression grew somber. “We are, all of us, alone out here. In our moments of greatest need, there will be no reinforcements to assist us. There are no reserves waiting to take our place on the front lines. We will have nobody to turn to but each other. Even if, by some miracle, we prevail, and send the Germans reeling back to Berlin, there will be no parades for us; no banquets; no medals. And, if we die, not even our families will ever know why or how. After all, we were never here.

“There is only one reward I can promise you. You have been given a rare opportunity—a chance at greatness. Many men and women have wasted their days longing for such a chance, or committed terrible deeds in search of one. And yet here we are—not because we want to be, but because our brothers and sisters across this nation demand nothing less.

“Now, go inside. Eat, rest, and get yourselves situated. I’ve forgotten to mention—there is one more member of our squadron whom you have not met. She is inside. I expect you all to treat her with the same respect you would give to each other.” A ripple of confusion moved through the girls at the unexpected warning.

“Dismissed!” Katya turned on her heel and walked away, leaving the recruits to pick up their bags. The door had barely closed behind her when Lilya heard a moan of relief and the sound of rushing liquid. Natalya, having somehow held herself together under Katya’s stern gaze, had finally broken. She didn’t even try to pull up her trousers; she simply fell to her knees and surrendered to the pressure in her bladder. A trickle of urine dripped down from her crotch, but even with her legs far apart most of her piss clung to her pants, eventually pooling at her knees. Steam curled off her legs in the frigid air. Natalya’s entire body shook with emotion. She ducked her head, hiding from the other girls behind a veil of blonde hair.

As soon as Lilya heard the sound of yet another accident, she felt her own desperation multiply. Katya’s speech had drawn her full attention, distracting her from her swollen bladder, but the sight of the second wetting of the evening dragged her back to reality. She jammed a hand in her crotch, and watched mutely as the surreal scene played out.

A minute later, Natalya’s stream finally abated, but she made no move to stand. Her head was still bowed, and Lilya heard a barely suppressed sob. It was Eva who stepped forward to console her. “Natalya, look at me,” she said in an authoritative tone. With a sniff, Natalya slowly looked up at her friend. Eva was standing in front of her with her arms crossed and her chin up. Her lower half still glistened from her accident moments before, and her dress clung wetly to her legs. Natalya’s tear-streaked face curled into a small smile. “I have to admit, you still look pretty fucking great.”

Eva grasped Natalya’s arm and helped her to her feet. “If I can wear it, so can you. Now come on, let’s help Lilya with her bags. Maybe one of us can finish this journey without wetting ourselves.”

////

*008*2024-04-23 22:53

Sorry, a shorter segment this time. I will try to keep posting at least once a week.

////

A blast of warm air greeted Lilya as she hobbled through the barracks doorway, her hands jammed between her legs. With every step, her desperation seemed to worsen; somehow, the pressure of knowing that Eva and Natalya were trying to help her to reach a toilet only made matters worse. She had a dozen thoughts bouncing around her head, but she couldn’t hold on to any of them for more than a second before the desperate signals from her bladder overrode them. Her urethra stung furiously as she ground her middle finger against it from inside her panties, and her abdominal muscles fluttered, right on the edge of giving out. I have to pee I have to pee… oh please I have to pee… She looked left and then right, frantically searching for a lavatory. Beds… dressers… doors… where was the bathroom?! Ah! I can’t focus!

Lilya was just resigning herself to pissing right there in the barracks doorway when she felt a gentle hand on her arm. A young woman she didn’t recognize stood in front of her, looking up at her with dark eyes. “Are you looking for the bathroom? It’s right down there.” She pointed to a door at the far end of the building. “T-thanks,” Lilya stammered, and with her last dregs of willpower she staggered across the room and heaved open the door.

As soon as her hand left her crotch to pull the door handle, her exhausted pelvic muscles finally surrendered. She yanked her pants down and squatted over the toilet just as urine began to spray out through her panties. The sensation of release was painful at first, but soon mellowed to a blissful relief. She closed her eyes, and bit her lip to keep from moaning at the delicious sensation flooding through her body.

Ah…. ah…. that’s so much better! She made no attempt to remove her soaked panties, instead enjoying the warmth of her urine as it spread across her sex. The sensation was completely novel. She had touched herself plenty of times before—usually while taking a bath—but she couldn’t remember her body ever being this sensitive. She could feel every thread in her cotton panties as they rubbed across her lips and against her hood. Ever so gently, she traced a fingertip up the edges of her slit, savoring the electric tingle her touch left in its wake. As she slowly emptied her throbbing bladder, she breathed deeply, feeling her stress fade and her entire body relax.

At last, her stream faded to a trickle. She opened her eyes…

…and realized she hadn’t closed the bathroom door!

////

Mortified, Lilya seized the handle and slammed the door shut, muffling the sound of Natalya’s giggling. Her heart hammered in her chest, and she felt suddenly lightheaded. They saw me! Natalya and Esfir has been staring right at her when she’d looked up, and Eva had been looking away a little too pointedly to be credible. Having grown up working outdoors, Lilya had never been particularly shy about relieving herself—you couldn’t spend your day walking to and from the outhouse, so if you were working near someone else you just squatted down behind the best cover you could find—but this was different. It wasn’t just that she had wet her panties in full view of her new friends.

They had seen her transfixed with pleasure—seen her touching herself, for god’s sake. It wasn’t like that, she tried to tell herself. Right? Her pussy throbbed. Against her will, her hand slid down between her legs again, inside her panties this time. She felt a hot, sticky wetness that certainly was not urine. Fuck. It was like that. She was undeniably, agonizingly, horny, and the needs of her body could not wait. She pressed her middle finger inside herself, clenching tightly as she thrust in and out as quickly as she could without making noise. She closed her eyes, and Eva was standing in front of her on the runway, glistening in the sunset, urine flooding down her legs. 

Her body was responding faster than it ever had before, and in less than a minute she felt the tingling in her legs and stomach that meant her moment was near. She tried to pull her hand away—somehow, she felt that to finish would be to consummate the depraved fantasies swirling in her head—but her body had a mind of its own. The scene changed, and now she was the one wetting herself, standing in front of the whole squadron while Katya looked on with an icy gaze. She pulled out her finger and turned her attention to her swollen clit, rubbing her fingers in a frantic circle.

She came hard; her jaw clenched, doubled over on the toilet as she did everything in her power to keep from crying out. Colors flashed under her closed eyelids, her ears rang, and for a moment she was afraid that she would faint. She took several deep, shaky breaths to steady herself.

Then, it was over. Embarrassment, confusion, and a deep, aching shame rushed in to fill the void left by her arousal, pulsing in unison with the lingering sensation in her lower abdomen. She wrung out her panties, cleaned herself up as best she could, and opened the bathroom door.

////

To Lilya’s relief, the other four girls had wandered away while she was in the bathroom, allowing her a few shreds of dignity as she rejoined the girls. It looked as though Natalya, Eva and Esfir had already picked beds, and were starting to unpack their possessions into the cabinets that stood next to each mattress. The other girl—whom Lilya had seen fleetingly but had been too distracted to remember clearly—was not in sight.

Lilya took a second to get her bearings. She had just walked out of one of two bathroom stalls, and to her left was an entranceway to a tile-lined room full of showerheads. The five beds were lined up parallel to each other along one side of the barracks, with cabinets in between them so that when you were laying down, the cabinets blocked your view of your neighbors. Across from the beds, in the middle of the room, was the entranceway they had walked into originally. From where Lilya stood, near the bathroom door, she could see all the way across the long narrow room to the far side of the barracks. On this far wall was a doorway that led to a small mess hall or kitchen, and it looked like there was another room further past it. Lilya guessed that was their Lieutenant’s quarters.

Natalya was the first one to notice Lilya’s return. She looked like she was trying not to smile, and Lilya braced for a remark on how long she had spent in the bathroom, but Natalya only said, “We’ve already picked out our beds! It looks like you’ll be next to me, is that okay?”

“Of course!” Lilya replied with a weak smile. Natalya had taken the middle of the five beds, which put Lilya between Esfir and Natalya on the side closer to the bathrooms and showers. Eva was situated next to Natalya on the other side, which meant the bed on the end by the mess hall belonged to—

At that moment, the fifth girl stepped out from behind her cabinet. Lilya was taken aback—she didn’t look like anyone she had ever met. She was petite, with straight jet-black hair that ran past her shoulders and light brown skin. Her features were striking, beautiful even; an angled face, smooth skin and remarkably large but narrow eyes. Lilya’s first thought was that she might be Siberian, but her skin was too dark. Truth be told, she didn’t look Russian at all. “Hello! I’m Kaede,” she said, pronouncing her name kai-day. When Lilya heard her accent, something clicked into place. Is she… Japanese? What is she doing here? Although Japan and the Soviet Union were not at war, there were still plenty of people who remembered the conflict at the turn of the century. Relationships were still distinctly unfriendly, and getting worse by the day as Japan acted on its own territorial ambitions. She hesitated as she tried to formulate a question that wouldn’t be offensive.

Kaede, however, had noticed her confusion and spoke first. “I know what you are thinking. I am from Sakhalin, which is an island north of Japan. My father is from Japan, he traveled to Sakhalin and married a Russian woman. He liked it there and decided to stay.”

“I see,” replied Lilya, although Kaede’s explanation had raised more questions than it answered. What had a Japanese man been doing in Sakhalin? The obvious answer was that he had been a soldier, deployed to support Japan’s expansion to the southern half of the island following the war. “My name’s Lilya,” she said, remembering her manners. She extended her hand, and Kaede shook it with a small smile.

“So, how did you end up here?” Lilya dared to ask.

Kaede shrugged. “I know how to fly. My father taught me. He worked for a fishing fleet. I am sovetskiy; I am Russian,” she added defiantly. Lilya raised her hands placatingly. “I believe you,” she said.

From behind Lilya, Esfir gave a contemptuous snort. Kaede stiffened but did not respond.

“I don’t know about you, but I’m worn out from the trip,” Lilya said. “Let’s get some food, and then some rest. I can’t wait to learn about what planes we’ll be flying.”

Dinner was a simple but hearty affair. Katya explained that they would all take turns preparing meals for each other, and the Lieutenant herself went first. The pelmeni she had prepared tasted heavenly after their long ride north, and Lilya’s head was buzzing pleasantly with the satisfaction of the first good meal she had eaten all day. Travel-worn but happy, the girls filed out of the mess hall and retired to bed.

“Good night, Lilya,” Natalya called from behind her dresser.

“Good night,” Lilya murmured sleepily, pleased that Natalya had thought of her.

