White Lily, Black Rose

Author: Black_Ailerons

*021*2024-05-12 17:23

Thanks again for all of the feedback. Yes, I don't pretend to be writing a story that is historically accurate! When writing this I tried to walk the line between grounding it in realism and shaping the story the way I want it. For what it's worth, the irl Lilya did fly a Yak-1, although I don't think she was active so early in the war. Your point is well taken, and I hope everyone reading can enjoy the story without it being to immersion-breaking.

I've got a huge section to post today! I will post it in two segments.

//// October 1, 1941

Lilya felt cold.

Raised on a Russian farm, she was no stranger to harsh weather. But she’d never been this far north, and she could already tell that the coming winter would be a brutal one. The barracks they now called home had been hastily built, and cold drafts seemed to sneak inside from invisible holes in the plaster. This morning, the drafts were worse than ever, and Lilya could hear a faint creaking overhead as the building shifted in the wind. There was a storm coming.

Her skin prickled as she forced herself out of bed. She stripped down quickly and stepped into her trousers. She’d lost a bit of weight, she noticed as she buttoned them up. Well, going to war will do that to you.

It had been two weeks since their first mission, and a full month since Lilya had arrived at Bukhta airbase. From sunrise to sunset, she spent most of her time in the sky, flying sorties morning, afternoon and evening. Sometimes the squadron would scout for the beleaguered ground troops of the Red Army; once, they had provided an escort for a formation of IL-2 attack aircraft. Most of the time, however, they simply flew behind enemy lines with no particular target, stalking the skies in search of vulnerable prey. There had been a few close calls—Esfir had nearly lost her engine after being hit by flak, and they squadron had barely avoided detection by a large formation of German fighter planes—but so far, none of the girls had come to harm. It felt like borrowed time to Lilya.

Thirty minutes later, Lilya stepped out onto the airfield with the rest of her squadron and was immediately buffeted by an icy blast of wind. She looked up—the sky was clear overhead, but a heavy line of clouds was marching in from the south. Esfir followed her line of sight, then swore out loud. “Katya, I don’t like the look of that weather!”

“That’s Lieutenant Budanova to you, private,” Katya replied evenly. “We’ll have time to get back before the front arrives.” Esfir chewed her lip and nodded.

To avoid flying into the incoming weather, the squadron abandoned their usual route towards Moscow and instead flew northwest, towards the besieged city of Leningrad. In the preceding month, the Germans had encircled the old Russian capital, but Soviet troops still held firm inside the city. With supply lines cut, though, there was no assurance they would last the winter.

Their outbound flight was uneventful. Leningrad was just starting to emerge as a smoky patch on the horizon when Katya gave the order to turn around. Lilya sighed with relief. It was a long haul to Leningrad even under the best conditions, and she couldn’t stop thinking about the forbidding wall of clouds they had seen that morning. They were racing against the elements to get back to the airfield.

Every kilometer seemed tortuously long as they pushed southeast into a crosswind. Then, Natalya spoke. “I see something on the ground! Ten-o-clock…a convoy I think—no! It’s a freight train!” Lilya looked and saw it too—a dark grey snake weaving its way along the frozen ground below. She held her breath.

Several moments passed before Katya replied. “Follow me and engage.”

The squadron banked left and raced down towards the train. Lilya clung to her control stick; her plane rattled and shook as it picked up speed. On either side, her triangular wingtips trembled. The ground loomed up. It was harder than she thought it would be to pull out of the dive; at such high speeds the Yakovlev felt sluggish and unresponsive. Even so, she managed to get several shots on the train as the squadron screamed past, no doubt terrifying the unsuspecting crew within. Although Lilya had heard of flak-cannons being mounted on German trains, this one offered no resistance.

A few more passes, and the train had stopped; filthy black smoke was billowing from the engine, and several freight cars were on fire. Lilya saw no sign of the crew; she hoped they had somehow managed to escape. More anxious than ever, she formed back up on Katya as they set off once more for home and shelter.

It looked like they were flying into the gates of hell. The storm front loomed above them, a heavy grey overcast with lofty white spires that looked like they might reach ten, even fifteen kilometers high. Beneath the clouds, the ground was obscured by heavy snowfall. Lilya felt like her insides were made of lead. The storm was almost upon them, and still there was no sight of the airfield. Lilya looked around frantically for a minute more, and then the storm swallowed them up.

“Stay close, ladies! Stay as close as you can.” It was dark enough in the storm that Lilya could see the formation-lights on Katya’s wings. “We’re just a few kilometers from the airfield now… we’ll enter radio range any minute.”

Lilya did her best to stay calm. At least when you were in a fight, you could do something. All that was left to her now was to keep an eye on the time in her cockpit, and wait.

Navigation in the air was an imperfect art at the best of times. When you could spot landmarks on the ground, it was easy enough to get your bearings, but flying without visibility—flying by instrument—was little more than dead reckoning. In theory, the squadron knew their airspeed and their heading; from which one could calculate how far they had traveled, and in what direction. But strong winds led to a difference between your airspeed (how fast your plane traveled through the air around it) and ground speed (how much ground your plane was actually covering). Inside the storm, Lilya didn’t have a clue which way they should go. She could only hope that Katya had a better sense of direction than she did.

A sharp burst of static came through over the radio. Lilya’s heart jumped—could it be the ground crew? She heard another crackle, and then a man speaking Russian before the wind snatched the signal away. Lilya recognized the deep voice at once. “It’s Sergey! And he’s getting clearer! We must be close!” And then she saw it—like the moon breaking through the clouds, the airfield shimmered into view. The ground crew had lit it up like a Christmas tree; the airfield was ablaze with red, white, and orange.

Lilya slumped with relief. They had made it! And with half an hour of fuel to spare, at that. A moment later Katya was landing, and Lilya followed her down. Up close she saw the runway had been lined with floodlights, flares, and what looked like piles of burning wood. She felt a surge of affection for her crew. Her wheels skidded slightly on the icy ground, but she kept braking steadily—and then it was over. She jumped out of the cockpit and slipped. Sergey was there to help her in an instant. She let him haul her to her feet, then wrapped him up in the strongest bear hug she could muster.

Kaede landed next, followed by Natalya. A sharp crosswind gust caused Esfir’s plane to wobble alarmingly just a few meters off the ground, but she recovered and made it to the ground safely. The only girl left was Eva…

…where was she? The snow was coming down harder now. Lilya had to shield her eyes with a gloved hand as she searched the skies. She should have landed by now… After all, she had been right behind Esfir…

…hadn’t she? Lilya felt sick. When had she last seen Eva? How could this have happened?

Esfir cut her engine. After hours of listening to the rumble of the Yakovlevs, the airfield felt eerily quiet. Lilya strained her ears, but she heard nothing but the wind in the pines, and the flares as they hissed and spat in the snow.

Five minutes passed…then ten. Katya had gone inside—perhaps to talk over the radio—but Lilya and the rest of the squadron remained on the runway. The wind burrowed through her coat, but Lilya didn’t feel cold. Natalya was sobbing; Esfir and Kaede had tears in their eyes even as they tried to comfort the blonde-haired girl. Lilya forced herself not to cry. There was still time; if the storm broke Eva might be able to figure out where she was. Or, she might stumble across the airfield in the snowstorm. Or she’s already—no! Don’t say it!

Twenty minutes passed…then thirty. The flares were beginning to burn out.

At forty-five minutes, Katya ordered the girls inside. Lilya was too numb to refuse. It didn’t matter if the storm cleared now. Eva had already run out of fuel.

It’s over. She isn’t coming back. Even if she bailed out, she’ll die in the snowstorm. She heard the words in her head, and she couldn’t see any way around them, but somehow it hadn’t sunk in. As long as she didn’t acknowledge what happened, maybe it wasn’t true. She didn’t want to think anymore.

It was the middle of the day, but all of a sudden, Lilya felt excruciatingly tired. Wordlessly, she changed out of her ice-covered clothing and stumbled into bed. She pulled the covers over her head and was asleep in seconds.

////

It was nighttime, and Lilya wandered alone through the snow-blanketed forest. A full moon shone brightly overhead as she stumbled between the pines.

“Help!” Lilya heard a voice ahead—Eva’s voice. She took off at a run towards her friend.

“I’m so cold! Where are you?”

“I’m right here!” Lilya gasped. She was trying to shout, but her voice came out in a whisper. She knew Eva couldn’t hear her. She needed to be louder!

“I’m here!” she tried again, but the night swallowed up her voice. She plunged ahead through the snow.

“Please… I’m running out of fuel…” Lilya heard the drone of a plane engine, and saw Eva’s Yak-1 flying overhead. The high-born girl drifted by like a ghost, her plane moving impossibly slow. “Don’t leave me, Lilya.”

“I won’t.” Lilya tried to choke out the words, but before she could, the scene faded to black.

///

Lilya awoke sobbing and clutching her pillow. The dream had felt so real… she could still hear the distant whirring of Eva’s plane in her head. She looked around, trying to ground herself in reality once more. The barracks was dark; Lilya had slept past sunset. The other girls all looked asleep. Cups and a discarded liquor bottle were strewn across the floor.

Lilya took a couple of deep breaths. She felt certain she wouldn’t be able to fall back asleep, but nevertheless laid back down, and closed her eyes.

There it was again… the sound of the plane! Is it really in my head? She sat up, trying to isolate the sound, but it had already vanished. It can’t be real… you know it can’t be…

But Lilya was too far gone to ignore it now. Like a sleepwalker, she drifted to the door and stumbled outside in nothing but her pajamas and stockings.

The cold hit her like a sledgehammer. She gasped in shock, and felt the icy air stab her lungs like needles. Fuck! It must be twenty below. A layer of freshly fallen snow covered the runway, sparkling in the moonlight. Lilya sunk through the powder past her ankles. She was wide awake now, and embarrassed at her own stupidity.

She was about to step back inside when she heard it for a third time. Unmistakably, undeniably, headed right for her—the roar of a plane engine! A thrill raced up her spine.

Over the treetops, the Yakovlev burst into view. The fighter plane swooped low over the runway, kicking up snow in its slipstream, then climbed away and started to circle back around. The slight wobble of the aircraft as it banked, the telltale heaviness on the controls… Lilya recognized it at once. It’s Eva! I know it is! And she can’t land because of the snow! There was no time to ponder the absurdity of the situation. Lilya sprinted back inside and pressed the red button next to the door.

All hell broke loose as air raid sirens wailed across the airfield. Ignoring the shouts and curses from her fellow pilots, she dashed back towards the ground-crew barracks. Sergey was stumbling outside before she even reached the door. He looked at her blearily. “Chto vo imya boga—”

“Clear the fucking runway!” Lilya screamed. She could only imagine what a mess she looked; she was shaking uncontrollably and tears were freezing on her cheeks. “I saw Eva! She’s trying to land!” She looked around frantically in the sky, but the plane was no longer in sight. The sirens were still blaring, and the plane could no longer be heard.

Concern furrowed Sergey’s face. “Lilya, are you sure—” he stopped awkwardly. “I am so sorry about what happened to her.” He moved to embrace Lilya. She shrugged him off as horror flooded through her.

“Please! I know what I saw! You have to believe me, I’m begging you! She’s trying to land!” Her head was starting to spin; she was hyperventilating. “Please,” she gasped.

She felt Sergey’s broad arms wrap around her. “Come, Lilya, we need to get you inside. Some warm blankets and a hot cup of tea, and you’ll feel better.” Lilya struggled feebly against his grip.

“No… I’m telling you… please—”

“Plane spotted! Northeast, headed towards the runway!” The shout came from one of Natalya’s ground crew. He peered above the treeline. “Looks like a Yak-1!”

Sergey released her immediately as he turned back towards the crew. “Get the runway clear right now! And turn on the lights, as well!” The grounds crew poured out of the barracks like ants. Lilya was on the verge of grabbing a snow-shovel when she felt a slender hand on her arm. “Back inside, Litvyak.” It was Katya, a cloak hung unevenly over her shoulders. “You’ve done well, but I’m not going to get Eva back from the dead just to lose you to the cold.”

////

Lilya couldn’t stop shivering; it felt like the cold had burrowed inside her. Esfir had brewed her a cup of tea, but every time Lilya thought she ought to drink it, she couldn’t muster the willpower to raise the cup to her lips. All of her attention was focused outside; on the distant rumble of the Yakovlev that she could still hear indoors. Any minute, she knew, Eva would land, and that thought kept her heart in her throat. Esfir and Natalya were saying something, but their words echoed unnaturally and she couldn’t focus on them.

The roar of the Klimov engine was louder now. It idled for a moment just outside, then sputtered to a halt. Lilya heard shouting. Time was moving impossibly slowly.

There was the sound of footsteps, and then the door flew open with a bang. There she was! Eva looked exhausted, and her normally perfect hair was hopelessly disheveled, but her cheeks were rosy and she had a wild smile on her face. With a scream of delight, Natalya dashed forward and threw her arms around her friend.

For Lilya, the emotions took a little longer to sink in. Her head was still spinning, and she couldn’t shake the feeling that none of this was real. Was Eva really back? Had she ever really left? Maybe I was the one who died out there in the cold. Eva was looking at her with concern, and Lilya tried to speak, but the words wouldn’t come out.

Then Eva was embracing her, and all of her doubts faded away. The warmth from her slender arms, her breath on her cheek: it was as real as anything Lilya had ever felt. “Out on the airfield…there was someone who saw me,’’ Eva whispered. “It was you, wasn’t it.”

“It was.” Lilya could barely speak past the lump in her throat.

“But how did you know I was coming?” Eva was so close that her lips were brushing against her ear.

“I just knew.”

////

After Eva’s dramatic return, going back to bed was out of the question. With a rapidly emptying bottle of top-shelf vodka between them (Natalya’s supply had evidently been replenished), they huddled around their newly-returned comrade as she recounted her adventure.

“Almost as soon as we entered the snowstorm, I lost sight of the squadron. For a few minutes, I was able to stay close by listening to the radio, but then that started to fade out as well. That’s when I knew I was in trouble.”

“Why didn’t you say anything?” Esfir demanded.

Eva shrugged. “I didn’t see the point. If I couldn’t find you in the storm, you couldn’t have found me. It would have been nothing more than a distraction.” Esfir scowled but offered no retort.

“I circled around, looking for any sign of the airfield, but didn’t see anything. I knew I didn’t have much fuel, so I did the only thing I could think of.” Eva smiled her mischievous smile, and took another pull from the bottle. “Ah! I probably shouldn’t drink this much on an empty stomach. But anyways.” She leaned forward for dramatic effect. “I flew south.”

“South!” Natalya exclaimed. “Into the storm?”

“Yes, south. I figured it would be as easy to fly through the storm as it would be to fly back the way we came. And to the south I was more likely to find somewhere to land. Sure enough, by the time I was down to a gallon of fuel, the storm broke.”

“Okay, but this is the part I don’t understand,” said Natalya. “So, you found a place to land, a road or something. How the hell did you refuel? And why did you fly back up in the middle of the night?”

“Well, that was a bit of luck,” said Eva. “I caught sight of a friendly plane—a Lavochkin—and contacted him on the radio. His airfield was very close, so I was able to land and refuel.

“As to why I came back… that’s harder for me to say. Part of it is just that I would be less likely to be intercepted if I came back tonight, as soon as the storm broke. But really…” Eva sniffed and smiled. “I just wanted to be back as soon as I could. I knew that all of you probably thought I was…you know. And I didn’t want you all to worry.” Esfir rolled her eyes, but Lilya could see them glistening in the lamplight.

“So, there you have it. I’m not as smart as you all think I am. I’m nobody’s perfect daughter. But I’m free.

“Za lyubov, ladies. I want to get drunk with you.”

This section picks up where the other left off. NOTE: This section contains (highlight to reveal): consensual BDSM and sex (Idk if that works, but I don't know how to hide spoiler text)

////

There was something in the air; Lilya could almost hear it, taste it on her lips. A sort of golden buzzing, a glow that seemed to leave every illuminated surface tastefully overexposed. Lilya felt good.

The clear weather was holding, and the Moscow radio stations were coming in with a gentle undertone of static. Slow folk music echoed through the room, adding to the atmosphere. Natalya and Esfir were dancing clumsily in the lamplight, Kaede watching them languidly. Lilya was sitting on the floor, and Eva was leaning against her shoulder. Her brown hair was draped across Lilya’s neck. It felt like kiss of an angel.

“I wish you could have seen my home,” Eva murmured. “High vaulted ceilings, woven tapestries. Golden plates, crystal glasses. Servants by each door, waiting on your every word. It felt like a palace because, well, it practically was.” She hesitated for moment. “I couldn’t wait to leave, of course.”

Lilya held as still as she could, lest Eva move her body away. “Why was that, Eva? I know something must have gone wrong… but what?” She thought she knew, but she wanted to hear Eva say it.

Eva was quiet for a long time as the music drifted over them. Lilya could feel her trembling. At last, she spoke.

“My father and I were never close. I knew he loved me, at least in an abstract sense, and I loved him too, but somehow it felt like we were avoiding each other for my entire childhood. Whenever he spoke to me, he always seemed to be telling me off for something I’d done. Or something I hadn’t done. I tried to be a perfect daughter, but it was never good enough for him.

“My father was a very religious man. I studied the bible every day, as far back as I can remember. He had strict views on music, dancing, singing—anything that made people smile was the devil’s work in his eyes.

“He wasn’t a cruel man. But he had so many opinions on who I should be that I never had a chance to figure out who I really was.

“I wasn’t… I don’t know, I wouldn’t say I was unhappy. I had my books, and my mother was very kind to me. But for the last few years, I could feel storm clouds gathering. And a few months ago—just before the war broke out—things came to a head.

“It started off as just another dinner. We had invited another family over; there was a girl named Antonia who I had not met before. She was about my age. We talked for a while, and after dinner I took her to see the library.

“The library was the one part of my home that I truly miss. My father never read much, but the library contained thousands of books that my family had collected for generations. I can still remember the scent of the paper and leather. Tales of myths, adventures, romances—I loved them all. Even the history books, and the atlases. It made for a wonderful escape. From everything.

“Anyways, I took Antonia into the library to show her around. I remember how quiet the library felt, after the constant chatter and bustle of the dining hall. None of the lights were on, so it was darker, too—the sun was going down and it shaded everything pink.”

Eva broke off wistfully. “It makes a bit more sense now. At the time, I just remember feeling… out of sorts. There was something about Antonia that had me on edge. I had this burning desire to impress her, to keep her attention, and I didn’t know why. She was very pretty. When I said something clever, she would smile, and all I wanted to do was to make her smile again.

“I took out one of my favorite books to show her. It was a storybook, actually; full of fairy tales by Alexander Afanasyev. Each page was so beautifully illustrated that you could spend all day looking at it. I sat down next to her in the same armchair to show her. I remember how excited I was to show off such a beautiful work of art. But then, I looked up at her to say something—she was right next to me—and…well… we kissed.

“I couldn’t tell you how long we spent together in that armchair, but the sun was down when I heard the servants starting to clear away dinner. We went back to the great hall and Antonia left with her family.

“That night, my head wouldn’t stop spinning. I felt, guilty, of course—I knew what I had done was a sin. But more than that, I felt alive. For the first time I could remember, I wasn’t fantasizing about being someone else in a storybook world. I wanted to be me. It’s also fair to say that I was hopelessly in love with a girl I had just met. I spent hours thinking up wild schemes of how I could see Antonia again, and what I would do with her when I saw her. I hardly slept that night; but when I woke up in the morning, I didn’t feel tired.

“Everything fell apart as soon as I went downstairs. My father was waiting for me. A servant had seen me with Antonia in the library. My secret was out.”

Tears were running down Eva’s face, but she kept her voice level. “It went about as well as you would expect. He screamed at me, hit me, called me a whore, and said I wasn’t his daughter. The servants just stood there and watched. My mother was nowhere to be seen. In that moment, I hated all of them. I also hated myself.

“I hardly left my bedroom after that. I was consumed by guilt. I didn’t want to read, I didn’t want to eat… I didn’t have the willpower to run away, even if I knew how. It seemed like a waste of effort anyways, since I expected to be thrown out on the street. When war broke out… to be honest, I didn’t care.

“Then, I heard the news from a servant. I was to pack my things and be outside in an hour. I would receive basic instruction on how to fly a plane; then, the military was taking me away. I laughed at the fucked-up irony of it. Every other wealthy man in Russia was pulling strings to make sure his sons didn’t have to serve on the front lines. And here was my father, doing the opposite with his only daughter. He didn’t even say goodbye.

“In a way, that was a kindness. It made the break sharper. I had no home to come back to. I could hate him in peace.

“I promised I would make a new life for myself. Maybe I would survive the war, more likely I would not; but either way, I would spend my days free from sin, and redeem myself in the eyes of God.”

Lilya stirred in surprise.

“But every day I spend at this airfield—with the other girls, with you—I question myself more. It isn’t that I don’t know what I want. I know what I want.

“The question for me is: is it worth it? Is eternal life in the house of the Lord worth it, if I would be living a lie?” Eva broke off with an embarrassed laugh. “What the hell am I talking about. Do you believe in God, Lilya?”

Lilya laughed hoarsely. “Yes. But to be perfectly honest, Eva, I don’t think he gives a damn about any of us. Ever since I saw the soldiers who returned to my hometown—the ones who were injured, the ones who could come back—well, they were good men. They just wanted to be left alone, and the war destroyed them. I will never forget how they looked at me as I walked past them. There is no justice in the world.”

Eva was silent for a long time. “You may be right. This war is senseless and cruel. And it’s hell for everyone caught in the middle of it. But the strangest thing is… I think I like it, Lilya.

“I don’t know what’s wrong with me. But I’ve never felt so alive. I’ve never had a cause before, but I feel like I’d die for any of you.”

Lilya wrapped her arms around her, cradling Eva’s slender body in her lap. Shivers went down her spine at the sensation. “I feel the same way. I’ve never had friends like this before.” Eva looked back at her, eyes gleaming, and before Lilya could stop herself, she kissed her.

Their lips parted after a second, although it could have been closer to a minute for all Lilya could tell. Her whole body was trembling, and there was a rushing sound in her ears. Gravity seemed to have lost all of its pull on her body. That…that was better than flying.

A chorus of cheering greeted her as she looked up. Natalya and Kaede looked taken aback, but all three spectators looked immensely entertained. “Took you long enough,” muttered Esfir. Lilya felt her cheeks flush a novel shade of scarlet. Eva’s cheeks were bright pink as well, and she hastily shifted away. Lilya felt euphoric, but at the same time, confused. What did it mean? Was Eva just drunk? What happened now?

Perhaps it was to cover for Lilya, but at that moment Natalya stood up, none too steadily. “All right, that does it. I want to have some fun.” A nervous silence settled over the squadron—alcohol, it seemed, only strengthened Natalya’s charisma. She picked up a wooden chair from the mess hall and carried it back to the circle, along with what looked like a spool of packaging twine. She leaned over the back of the chair imposingly, her blonde hair framing her face. “I need a volunteer. C’mon, it’ll be fun. Anyone?” Lilya held her breath. She had no idea what Natalya’s intentions were, but there was a very specific part of her that wanted to find out. Her stomach plunged as Natalya caught her gaze. Lilya felt herself falling into those startling green eyes. Natalya smiled teasingly—she knew Lilya couldn’t resist—

But it was Kaede who broke first. The petite girl pushed herself to her feet, smiling nervously. She took one last sip of vodka, then walked unsteadily to the chair, where Natalya was waiting for her with a wicked grin. “Are you going to tell me what I’m in for?” Kaede asked in a quiet voice. Natalya patted her on the cheek. “Oh, I think it will be more fun as a surprise, don’t you? Now, let’s get you comfortable.”

Natalya’s idea of comfort, it seemed, involved almost the entire spool of twine. She used the thin, fibrous rope to bind Kaede’s knees and ankles to opposite chair legs, pulling her thighs apart. She then tied her hands behind her back, looping the twine over Kaede’s wrists again and again to form a sturdy cuff. Finally, she secured the helpless girl’s wrists to the back of the chair. Natalya took a step back to view her handiwork. Kaede, now looking very flustered, was forced to sit up straight in the chair, her shoulders rolled back. She could move her hips slightly, but her arms and legs were almost totally immobilized.

Esfir nodded approvingly. “Not bad, Natalya. What do you have in mind for her?”

“Oh, nothing too severe. But I have an idea that I think Kaede will enjoy.” Once again, Natalya departed for the mess hall, and returned with a large jug of water. “It has been a long night of drinking, hasn’t it ladies? We need to make sure that Kaede stays hydrated.” Kaede’s eyes went wide as realization struck her, and Eva let out a small gasp. But as Natalya approached her bound subject, Kaede tilted her head back, and parted her lips. It took the black-haired girl several minutes to down the entire jug of water, and even before she had finished, she was squirming in her chair. I bet she needed to pee even before all of that water, as much liquor as she drank.

“How are we feeling?” Natalya asked as Kaede’s fidgeting became more pronounced. She ran her slender fingers over Kaede’s body, caressing her arms and legs before rolling up the bottom of Kaede’s shirt. The bulge of her bladder stood out sharply against her toned abdomen. “O, Bozhe—it looks like you’re almost bursting! That looks terribly uncomfortable.” She rested her hand on Kaede’s bulge, eliciting a groan. “I know how badly you need to pee right now…but you can hold it a little longer for me, can’t you?”

“I—a bit longer, yes,” Kaede stammered. Her breathing was heavier now, her chest straining against the front of her shirt. Lilya could now unmistakably see the impressions left by Kaede’s nipples as they hardened against the fabric. Surreptitiously—although it hardly mattered, since all eyes were glued to Kaede—she adjusted her sitting position, resting her right arm across her lap so that the outside of her wrist ground into her pussy. As subtly as she could, she rubbed her wrist back and forth over her clit.

Natalya was in her element. She teased Kaede relentlessly—one moment, caressing her trembling legs; the next, slapping her lightly across the face. “God, you weren’t joking about being turned on by being bullied, were you?” Natalya giggled. “You could cut diamonds with these…” her hands brushed gently over Kaede’s nipples, eliciting another tortured moan.

“Natalya…please, I can’t hold on much longer. Kudasai…”

Natalya laughed. “Oh, you need to take a piss? Well, why didn’t you say so? Here, let me take some of the pressure off…” Ignoring her quarry’s whimpers, she unbuttoned her trousers and worked them as far as she could down Kaede’s legs before the rope got in the way. Lilya—her inhibitions now thoroughly buried by a flood of arousal—feasted her eyes on the sight of Kaede’s delicate mound, just barely hidden by her surprisingly ornate silk panties. Against the pale silk, Lilya could clearly see a dark patch over her pussy.

The stain of wetness did not escape Natalya’s eyes. “What’s going on here, slut? Can’t you control your own body?” She traced two fingers over the outline of Kaede’s soaked labia, causing the helpless girl to buck her hips upwards in search of more sensation. Natalya only tutted. “You’ll be touched when I think you’re ready, and not a second before. That is, if I decide you’re even worth my time…”

A firm smack to her pussy sent Kaede back into her chair with a yelp. With a pressurized hiss, her control over her swollen bladder broke, soaking her panties in an instant. Lilya felt her own pussy spasm as she watched Kaede’s leg and abdominal muscles clench desperately. A second later, Kaede had stemmed the flood, but she was now sitting in a puddle of her own urine.

Natalya seemed impressed. “You don’t give up easy, I’ll give you that, you crazy nymph. I thought you would have let go by now, judging by how much pee you’re holding. Maybe you’ve earned yourself some pleasure after all… maybe. She ran her fingernails absentmindedly over Kaede’s thigh as she thought. “Okay, I have it—here’s the new game. I’m going to give each of the girls a chance to force you to surrender your control, and piss yourself. If you release even one more drop, you lose, and I’m sure I’ll be able to think of a punishment that’s suitably… severe for your failure.” Kaede shuddered, but her eyes were aglow. Lilya’s stomach twisted again. She risked a glance towards her fellow spectators. Eva looked concerned, but no less captivated because of it. Esfir, meanwhile, looked like a wolf that had found its next meal. I don’t like Kaede’s chances…

“If, by some miracle, you survive, I promise it will be worth your while,” Natalya continued. “Sound fair to you, love?”

Kaede groaned as she clenched her legs, trying futilely to bring her thighs together. “Yes, whatever you like! Please, just let me pee soon!”

“Sooner than you think!” Natalya turned to her spellbound audience. “Well? Who’s going first?”

To Lilya’s great surprise, it was Eva who moved first. “I’ll take this dance,” she said coolly. She stood up gracefully, smoothing her nightgown. She walked straight-backed towards her trembling quarry with the composure and command of a queen, her face completely inscrutable. Even Natalya stepped mutely aside as she loomed over a terrified Kaede. “Please, Eva—mercy! Whatever you want, I’ll—” Kaede babbled, her eyes wide with shock. Wordlessly, Eva bent towards her…

…and kissed her on the cheek. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry!” she giggled. “I didn’t mean to scare you so badly; I just wanted to have a bit of fun. Good luck! I hope you make it through. I’m not so sure the other girls will be as nice, though…” Eva turned to Natalya—who looked both exasperated and amused—and gave the blonde girl an apologetic shrug. “Sorry, Natalya dearest, I tried my hardest! But Kaede is unbreakable.”

As Eva returned to her seat, she caught Lilya’s eye.

“Nice work,” Lilya whispered.

“Thanks,” said Eva with a grin. She nodded towards Kaede. “What are you going to do?”

“I don’t know.”

Esfir was the next to take her turn. If Eva had carried herself like a queen, Esfir moved like a hunter. Like Eva, she took a second to stand over Kaede and drink in the view. By now, the mixed-race girl was truly a mess. Her straight black hair was disheveled, and her breath was coming in shallow gasps. True to her word, she hadn’t released any more of her pent-up pee, but her constant squirming had spread the urine in her chair. Her ass and thighs were glistening.

“So many options…” Esfir looked Kaede’s body up and down, ignoring her pleading gaze. “Ah! I know just the thing.” She strode to the mess hall and returned with a slender steel ruler, half a meter long—the kind used as a straight-edge for drawing maps and schematics. Kaede whimpered at the sight. “I wonder how many strokes it will take to break you. I can’t wait to find out…” she dragged the cold metal over Kaede’s bare thighs, causing her to squirm frantically. “Unless you’d rather give in and wet yourself now?” Fear was written on Kaede’s face, but the Sakhalin girl found the courage to shake her head. “Do your worst.”

“I was hoping you’d say that.” Esfir brought the ruler down sharply on Kaede’s thigh. The sound was incredible—a metallic swish, followed by a wet thwack! that sent a ripple through the exposed flesh. Kaede arched her back with a stifled wail. Seconds later, a strip of pink blossomed where the ruler had struck.

Esfir didn’t give her long to recover. She rained a flurry of strokes down on both of her thighs, each one sharper than the last.

Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Lilya winced with every strike.

Each time the ruler landed, Kaede quivered and moaned a sharp haa! of pain. Somehow, though, she held her bladder—although Lilya suspected she might be leaking into her panties in a rather different manner. Her cheeks were flushed, and her breathing was heavy.

“All right, that’s enough!” Natalya announced. Ruefully, Esfir lowered her ruler and inspected the damage she’d inflicted. “Well, those thighs are a pretty sight, at least.” Lilya had to agree—Kaede’s perfect skin was now crisscrossed with stripes of red and pink. “You have heart,” Esfir said after a moment. “To tell you the truth, I wasn’t sure about you when we met. But you’ve earned my respect.” Gently, she brushed back Kaede’s disheveled hair and, like Eva before her, kissed Kaede on the cheek before returning to her seat.

All eyes turned now to Lilya. She pushed herself hesitantly to her feet. I still don’t know what to do. Kaede was very clearly on the brink now—squirming constantly, bucking her hips helplessly in the air—the lightest touch might be enough to push her bladder over the edge. Could I really do that? Force her to humiliate herself in front of the entire squadron? The thought was enough to send another thrill up her spine. She wondered what Eva would think. Then again… wasn’t it Kaede who really mattered here? What did she want?

She moved towards Kaede in a trance, an angel on one shoulder, a devil on the other.

////

Kaede looked up at her; eyes questioning, chest heaving. From this angle, Lilya could see just how swollen her bladder was—it bulged out sharply over her panties, hard as a rock. Every muscle in her abdomen and legs was straining. One way or another, this has to end. She can’t bear much more of this. Lilya breathed in deeply. The scent of urine, mixed with the deeper aroma of sex, washed away her inhibition. She was ready.

Kaede’s nipples were still erect, betraying themselves as two tiny peaks in the middle of her small, firm breasts. With a trembling hand, Lilya reached towards Kaede’s chest. She heard a faint gasp of surprise as Kaede realized her intention, but the captive girl made no effort to avoid her touch.

Lilya could hear the blood pounding in her ears. She’d never touched a woman before, not like this. She cupped one breast in her hand, then the other, gently squeezing the tender flesh. She rubbed Kaede’s nipples with her palm. Kaede threw her head back, releasing another tortured moan. Her nipples were now painfully hard, straining against the fabric. For a moment, Lilya toyed with the idea of unbuttoning Kaede’s shirt. But as enticing as the idea of touching her bare breasts was, it somehow felt out of line. Besides, there was no need.

Quickly, before Kaede could prepare herself, Lilya seized both of her nipples between her thumbs and forefingers and pinched them. Hard.

The effect was instantaneous. Kaede yelped in pain, shock written all over her face. A burst of urine soaked the front of her panties and splattered onto the floor. She arched her back, fists clenched. “No!” Somehow, she once again managed to regain control of her bladder and stem the flood of piss. But the damage was done—the game was lost.

Kaede slumped back into her chair, her expression somewhere between dismay and rapture. The red flush on her cheeks had spread down, across her neck and the exposed skin of her upper chest.

For her part, it was all Lilya could do not to slide a hand inside her panties and rub herself right there. She’d really done it—Kaede had wet herself right in front of her! Lilya squeezed her thighs together, reveling in the sensation as more of her juices leaked into her panties. Natalya, Eva and Esfir seemed momentarily dumbstruck.

It was Natalya who spoke first. “Hell, I don’t think anything is going to top that. I think that’s where we should leave it for tonight—unless any of you want to explain to Katya why we should get the morning off tomorrow. I’ll suspend your punishment for now, Kaede, but don’t think I’ve forgotten. I’ll think of something suitable; don’t you fret.”

Kaede winced, and looked up at Lilya. “Can you help me with…?” she nodded towards her bound legs. “I, ah, I still really have to go.”

Lilya felt a rush of compassion for her comrade. “Of course, Kaede.” As the other girls retired to their beds, Lilya bent to her task.

Untying Kaede’s ankles was harder than Lilya had imagined—Natalya’s handiwork seemed suspiciously well-practiced. Making matters more difficult, the lamp had been put out and the other girls were in bed, forcing Lilya to rely on the moonlight pouring through the small barracks windows. It also didn’t help that Lilya’s hands wouldn’t stop trembling. She was still extremely turned on; focusing on the knots of twine took all of her willpower. From the slight whimper in Kaede’s breathing, the petite girl was still very desperate to pee. After the humiliation she endured at my hands, the least I can do is get her to the showers before she lets go completely.

At last, she freed Kaede’s ankles and turned to her bound wrists, which were still secured to the back of the chair. Once again, it was slow going; Kaede had pulled the knots tight with her futile struggling. “Lilya… please hurry,” Kaede whispered. Her legs were double-crossed in her chair, and she was fidgeting badly. “I’m trying, I’m trying,” muttered Lilya. “Keep still, please! You’re pulling the knots tighter.” With a frustrated whimper, Kaede tried to stay her trembling muscles.

At last, the rope that held Kaede’s wrists to her chair fell away. Kaede staggered to her feet, her hands still tied behind her back. Unable to pull up her trousers, she opted instead to kick them to the floor. “Ah! It’s so much worse when I stand up!” She took one teetering step towards the showers, then another, grunting with exertion. Perspiration glinted silver on her face in the faint light. “Huhh—I’m not going to make it!” She doubled over, clenching her legs as hard as she could.

“Yes, you are!” Lilya wrapped one arm behind her legs and the other behind her back. Before Kaede could object, she picked her up and carried her to the showers.

Lilya could feel Kaede’s heart hammering as she held her close. A couple drops of urine dripped down onto Lilya’s legs—Kaede was starting to leak again. “Sorry, sorry!” Kaede whined helplessly.

“Almost there!” Lilya whispered in reply. Kaede’s breaths were coming in anguished gasps. Lilya took a few more steps, then passed through the entranceway to the showers.

She set Kaede down with a groan of relief. Unable to support herself, Kaede fell onto her side, curled up with her hands still tied behind her back. Lilya bent towards her. “We made it! Now let me help you with…”

But it was too late—Kaede had already let go. With a moan of pure bliss, her body relaxed and urine started to gush from her tortured bladder. Rivulets of pee poured down her legs into the waiting shower drain. “Ahhh…. Ah…. Ah….” Kaede sighed in relief as her bladder rapidly emptied.

It was all too much for Lilya. She had spent the whole night spiraling into deeper and deeper levels of arousal, unable to relieve herself with all the other girls watching. But now, in the faint moonlight, with Kaede wetting herself at her feet, her inhibitions broke. I just need a few seconds… I’m already so close to the edge! She slipped a hand into her panties and began frantically rubbing her clit. 

Kaede would look up any second; there was no time for nuance. She just needed to come, and come quickly. Or Kaede will know what a deviant slut I am. With that dirty fantasy painted vividly in her mind, she felt her legs and stomach begin to tingle and burn—more powerfully than she’d ever felt before. Lilya panicked. I can’t make any sound or she’s going to know…fuck. Fuck! She bit the fabric of her shirt in desperation. She came hard, juices coating her already soaked fingers. Her legs spasmed and then buckled, and despite her best efforts she uttered a strangled “mmmph!” as she fell to her knees.

Kaede looked up. Realization flashed across her angled face, and she glanced away.

Lilya, quickly coming back down to earth, wanted to curl up and die.

After several seconds of excruciating silence, Kaede spoke. Her voice was unnaturally light and shaky. “S-some, some night, huh?”

Lilya managed a weak chuckle. “Yeah. Some night.”

Another pause. “Lilya, it’s wrong of me to ask, but…d-do you … do you think you could?” She nodded towards her waist.

“Oh, of course! I’m so sorry, I forgot about that,” Lilya stammered. She quickly moved to untie Kaede’s hands, which were still secured behind her back. But to her surprise, Kaede shook her head and moved her hands away. “No, I meant… ah! Do you think you could…” Kaede swallowed. “Could you touch me? Please?”

For what felt like the hundredth time that night, Lilya was completely dumbstruck. She tried to formulate a reply, but her brain seemed to have shut off completely. She had only just begun to consider the possibility that she liked women in that sort of way, and this seemed like a daunting escalation. She had taken her turn on Kaede with the other girls, yes, but that was different; a bit of fun, nothing over the line. She’d never even really laid hands on her, skin to skin.

And then, of course, there was Eva. She would understand. Wouldn’t she? Guilt stabbed at her stomach.

She focused instead on Kaede—eyes wide and staring, face red with shame, legs slick with her own urine—and made up her mind. Kaede was loyal and kind. She had been through a lot tonight—certainly more than Lilya could have endured—for the entertainment of her comrades. A reward at her hands seemed like the least Lilya could offer. “Of course,” she said.

The look of gratitude on Kaede’s face made Lilya confident she was doing the right thing. The bound girl rolled onto her back; legs spread invitingly. Very gently, Lilya reached out and brushed her thumb across Kaede’s mound, reveling in the texture of the wet silk. Her body feels like it’s on fire. Kaede arched her hips, seeking greater contact. Lilya brought her hand closer, using two fingers to trace her labia while her middle finger ran between them. The wet silk gave way easily beneath her fingers, pressing into the Kaede’s slit. Lilya continued upwards and started to rub gently against the small nub that she hoped was Kaede’s clit, eliciting a moan of pleasure.

Lilya hesitated. She’d gotten this far on instinct, but she was acutely aware that she had no idea what she was doing. Her hands felt clumsy and inexperienced, and the dim light added to her confusion. Doubt started to creep in on her. What if I can’t get her off? I wish we’d spent a few hours learning about this in training, instead of studying flight manuals.

Then, she had an idea. She pulled Kaede back up to a seated position, then sat behind her so her legs wrapped around Kaede’s waist. She’d never been so close to a woman—or anyone—before. Kaede’s wet thighs pressed against her own. Lilya nestled her chin between Kaede’s neck and shoulder, inhaling a scent of urine, sex, and what might have been perfume. Unable to resist, she gently bit the tender skin of Kaede’s neck, and was rewarded with a gasp of surprise.

Then, with all the confidence she could muster, she reached her hand under the bottom of Kaede’s shirt, resting it against her flat stomach. She took a moment to savor the feeling of the abdominal muscles under her fingers. With Kaede’s every breath, she felt them harden under her fingers. Ever so slowly, she guided her hand lower and lower. Her fingertips glided under Kaede’s panties.

A second later, her hand was cupping Kaede’s pussy. Panicked thoughts darted through her head, but she blocked them out by closing her eyes, and focusing only on what she could touch and feel. The heat of Kaede’s sex against her palm was intense. Her panties were soaking wet, but the moisture oozing from Kaede’s slit was thicker and stickier—an unmistakable invitation. Lilya pushed one finger inside. Kaede moaned.

Gently, Lilya began working her finger in and out, curling her finger upwards the way she always did when she touched herself. The motion was familiar enough to be disorienting; without being touched, her own pussy twitched helplessly.

Lilya continued her work for several minutes. Then, Kaede’s moans became more urgent, and Lilya knew that she had her. Her confidence grew. She picked up her pace, producing a sodden shlick with every thrust. Kaede arched her back, her moans turning into whines. Her legs clenched and unclenched as she started to lose control. Lilya reached around with her other hand and rubbed firmly against Kaede’s clit. “Come for me,” she whispered in her ear.

“Haahh!” Kaede bent double as she climaxed, falling back into Lilya’s arms. Her whole body was trembling. She started giggling, and Lilya joined in, only to stop a moment later when she realized Kaede was in fact sobbing uncontrollably.

“It’s okay! I’m okay.” Kaede took several deep breaths. She looked back at Lilya, tears glistening in the moonlight but a smile on her face. “I’m sorry. It was just… so much.”

“I understand.” Lilya took the opportunity to finally untie Kaede’s hands. When she was done, Kaede turned around so that she was kneeling, facing Lilya. She put a hand on Lilya’s thigh. “Would you like me to…?” It took Lilya several seconds to process what she meant, and she felt her cheeks go red when she had. “Oh!” Part of her wanted very much to know what Kaede had in mind, but the rest of her felt physically and mentally exhausted. “Thank you, Kaede. But I feel like I’m about to collapse.”

Kaede nodded understandingly. “I know what you mean. But before I go to bed I really need to rinse off!” She laughed self-consciously. She stepped under a faucet and started to unbutton her shirt. Then, she stopped, looking up questioningly.

Lilya saw her cue to leave. “Good night, Kaede.”

“Good night. And, thank you. For everything.”

A moment later, Lilya was in bed in a fresh change of clothes. The alcohol was beginning to wear off, and she could already feel a faint headache above her eyes. What a night…

She was about to drift off when a sound snapped her wide awake. She sat up and looked to her left. It was Eva. She was curled up in her bed, crying.

*024*2024-05-20 03:00

Haha glad you all liked it. Yeah she was a real person. So was Katya Budanova - to this day they remain the only female aces (5+ aerial kills) in history. The other four are completely fictional.

Got only a shorter segment ready this week - I've been traveling all week for work and didn't get back until late last night. Stay tuned though, I have a fun segment ready for next time!

//// October 8, 1941

Lilya flew southwest at five thousand meters. Over her left shoulder, she could see Katya, and the four other ladies of the squadron behind her. She was lost in thought.

The week since Eva’s return had been marked by a fragile return to normalcy. Just as before, the squadron ran two, sometimes three, sorties behind enemy lines; collecting recon and making the occasional strafing run against unsuspecting German positions. There was no denying, however, that the distance to the front lines was getting shorter and shorter. In some places, the enemy had pushed within fifty kilometers from the airfield. Once or twice, late at night on the edge of sleep, Lilya had thought she’d heard the sound of artillery.

Lilya checked the formation. All five pilots were in position, angled back from their leader at a forty-five degree angle, each just a few meters higher in altitude than the plane in front of them. The weather was clear, and Lilya could see all the way to the horizon. Ahead, she could make out several columns of smoke.

“Shall we begin our descent?” Lilya’s stomach twinged as Eva’s voice, composed as ever, cut through her headset. Since the night they had kissed, Eva hadn’t spoken an unneeded word to Lilya.

Lilya knew she couldn’t fault her. In the showers with Kaede, the right thing had felt obvious; now, she wasn’t sure. But either way, it had been naive to assume Eva would not be upset by what she and Kaede had done. There were some moments where she blamed Eva for being unfair—after all, it wasn’t as if the two of them were a couple—and other moments where she blamed Kaede for tempting her. Most of the time, though, she blamed herself.

Lilya checked the landscape below. “One more minute.” With nearly a hundred sorties under her belt, she had become adept at identifying landmarks within the flight radius of the airbase. Leading the squadron, however, was a first.

The night before, Katya had summoned her to her quarters after dinner. Ignoring the curious looks from the other girls, Lilya had followed her commanding officer to her room, closing the door behind her.

It was Lilya’s first look at the space where Katya spent most of her time while not in the air. The furnishings were spartan: a small bed and dresser filled most of one side of the room, while a chair and writing desk occupied the other. An old-fashioned oil lamp glowed steadily, bathing the room with a warm yellow light. Next to the lamp on the desk was a radio, with a wire antenna that ran up the wall behind it to the roof. It was turned on at a low volume—Lilya could just make out the faint sound of static. There were several papers spread across the desk—some stamped and official-looking, others handwritten—but otherwise, every object in the room looked perfectly in place. Despite its austerity, Lilya found the room to be strangely comforting. It reminded her of home, she realized.

Katya began to speak. “Before I get to my main point of business, I have a question for you.” Her eyes narrowed, boring into Lilya’s. “These last few weeks, something seems to be bothering you. As your commanding officer, is it anything I should know about?”

Lilya swallowed. “No, ma’am.”

Katya sighed with what might have been exasperation, but her gaze softened. “What about as someone who cares about you, and your well-being?”

This caught Lilya off-guard. “I, uh…”

Katya shook her head ruefully. “I’m sorry. This is my fault. Let me explain.

“When you become an officer, you realize an uncomfortable truth. Authority isn’t as simple as wearing a chevron on your uniform. It’s about perception. It’s about the perception of confidence. Of superiority.

“I used to be a private like you. When I was promoted, I tried to go along as though nothing had changed. I had my friends in the military—my fellow pilots from the same squadron—and they were happy for me when I received my promotion, even though it meant that I would be giving them orders. That meant the world to me. You see, I didn’t want anything to change.” She looked over her shoulder, to the piles of documents on her desk. “I just wanted to fly. I didn’t want any of this.

“But I soon found that my friendships had turned into a liability. Every time a made a decision that favored one pilot over another, I had to stop and ask myself, would this make any of my friends upset? New members of my squadron resented the fact that I would socialize with my old comrades, but not them. In short, my first stint as a Lieutenant quickly devolved into a politicized mess, with my every decision upsetting somebody on a personal level.

“That was one of the first lessons I learned. In order to give commands to someone, you cannot treat them as an equal. As a woman, this is doubly true. You must conduct yourself as their superior.

“It was one of the hardest decisions I ever made. At first, my friends did not understand, and they were hurt. But before long, we had re-established our rapport, albeit more formally than before. I had as much affection for them as ever, but I had to create distance. It’s a difficult line to walk. You have to act as though you don’t care, even when you do.

“And so I ask you again, Lilya. Is everything all right?”

“I…” Lilya was still struggling for a response. She knew that Katya had just revealed something meaningful—something private—but she was unsure how much of her dilemma she could share. “Eva and I had a disagreement. I think that she’s still upset with me.”

Katya’s face was inscrutable as she nodded. “I thought as much. Well, as I said, the battlefront is a difficult place for friendships. I am sure that once some more time has passed, the two of you will come to an understanding.”

Katya’s words did little to reassure Lilya. I don’t want an “understanding.”

“In any case, that isn’t why I wanted to speak with you. Effective immediately, I’m promoting you to Efréĭtor.”

Lilya inhaled sharply. “Ma’am?”

“You have shown swift progress, not only in your flying ability, but in your knowledge of aviation strategy. There is more to staying alive than aerial finesse. Most engagements you will find yourself in are won or lost before the first bullets are fired. Positioning and timing are more important than dogfighting.

“I hope you understand what this promotion means. Should I be killed or otherwise taken out of action, you will assume command of the unit as the highest-ranking member of the squadron.”

It was a deeply unsettling thought. Why not Natalya? she wanted to ask. “Yes, ma’am.”

“With this in mind, I want you to lead the squadron tomorrow. You will give commands with my authority. I have no intention of leaving my post. But, should something happen, I need you to be ready. Dismissed, Efréĭtor Litvyak.”

With Katya’s words echoing in her head, she scoured the horizon, looking for any scrap of information that might affect the mission. Positioning and timing are more important than dogfighting. She spotted a new column of smoke blossoming almost straight ahead, well behind the German lines. She though quickly. There was no sign of AA fire near the explosion, which meant it had been caused by either an accident, landmine, or a lucky Soviet artillery strike. In either case, where there was one fuel truck or field-depot, there was likely to be more. The target was well off their intended route, but so what? The mission was to destroy enemy equipment however they could. “Change course. New heading, two six zero.” She tried to imitate Katya’s cool, authoritative style.

She adjusted her trajectory, and breathed a sigh of relief when Katya and the rest of the squadron followed without objection. She led them down towards the plume of smoke. She squinted, trying to make out what was burning. “Esfir, can you see what’s on fire?”

“Not yet.”

“Understood.” Lilya continued to lead them lower. She drummed her fingers restlessly against the control stick. At this moment, the squadron was extremely vulnerable. If they were detected—

“Bandits! High, 3 o’clock! Fighters!” Katya shouted over the radio.

Lilya looked with horror to her right. A formation of Messerschmitt 109s was diving on them. At least six, maybe more—she didn’t have time to count. “Break!” Lilya screamed, but the Soviet formation had already scattered. A moment later, the Germans were upon them.

Phosphorous tracer rounds rained past Lilya like hail; a 109 was behind her and closing fast. She flicked her plane upside-down and pulled back hard on the stick, attempting to complete a half-loop that would send her back in the opposite direction. She groaned as the g-forces hit her. She’d never attempted such a tight loop; there was no way the 109 could follow her at even higher speeds. Her vision started to turn grey, but she didn’t let up; the forest below was getting frighteningly close. Come on… breathe! She pulled out of the dive just a few hundred feet above the treeline. Gasping for air, she looked around frantically for her opponent. She was aware that several people were shouting over the radio, but couldn’t process a word they were saying.

Then she saw him—rather than follow Lilya through her split-S, the 109 had looped upwards instead of downwards and was now diving straight down at her. He opened fire.

There was no time to think. Lilya banked 90 degrees and broke right, pulling as hard as she could, ignoring the metallic shriek of protest from her airframe. Shells zipped past her, but the maneuver minimized her plane’s profile from above, and none of the rounds found their mark. With a shoom, the 109 overshot her. She pressed through her turn with gritted teeth, trying to end up behind him when he pulled out of his dive.

But there was no need. Perhaps the pilot reacted too slowly, or perhaps the dive had been too steep. As Lilya brought her plane around, she saw the 109 plow into the forest in front of her. The wreckage immediately burst into flame.

Lilya yanked her gaze away. Panicked shouts were still coming though over the radio—her squadron needed her. She turned around quickly and headed back into the fight.

The dogfight had turned into a proper furball—the fighter planes swarmed above the treetops like hornets. Two fires were burning fiercely on the ground, but Lilya didn’t know whose side they belonged to.

By now, the Germans’ twin advantages of altitude and surprise had been spent. With their slight edge in maneuverability, Lilya knew the Yakovlevs should have the advantage in a tight engagement like this. Still, with so many planes flying past each other, anything could happen.

Lilya locked in on one German pilot. He was bringing his plane over in a vertical loop, which the pursuing Yak-1 struggled to emulate. The Russian plane broke off awkwardly, on the edge of stalling. In a few seconds, the 109 would complete his loop and get a clean shot, but Lilya was closing fast. She took a steadying breath and lined up the 109 in her gunsights. Now! She let off a one-second burst from both her cannon and machinegun.

With little speed, the 109 was a helpless target. Lilya saw strikes all along the fuselage, and debris flew off the plane. At once, it stopped turning and broke off in a straight line. For a second, Lilya thought the pilot might be making an escape. But rather than maintain a level flight, the 109 listed to the left, then rolled over and began spinning uncontrollably. A moment later, the plane crashed into the ground, scoring Lilya her second kill in as many minutes.

The Germans had had enough. The remaining four planes dove away from the fight and ran west at treetop level. Lilya gave the command not to pursue further into enemy territory. They had pushed their luck enough as it was.

With the fight over, Lilya quickly counted up the Yaks around her. One, two, three, four… five! She gave a choked sob of relief. One of the Yaks looked to be leaking coolant, and Esfir remarked with casual surprise that her arm was bleeding, but they had all made it. Katya had scored a kill, as had Esfir. The radio was now filled with the usual giddy post-fight banter, but Lilya felt unable to join in. It was one thing to risk your own life, she realized, and quite another to risk the lives of your friends.

Lilya’s reflective mood held until after they landed and Katya approached her. “To my quarters,” the Lieutenant said, as inscrutable as ever. Lilya followed her, a dull ache in her stomach.

With the door closed behind them, Katya’s demeanor softened. From a desk drawer she produced a glass liquor bottle. She took a long swig, then handed the bottle to Lilya. “Here. You look like you need a drink. Sorry I don’t have any glasses.” Lilya took a couple swallows of the fiery liquid—which was not vodka, as she had expected—and felt warmth spread through her core. “That’s Scotch whisky,” Katya said, pre-empting Lilya’s question. “Got it from an old friend.”

“I know things didn’t go as planned today, but in all honesty, I thought you did well in your first day of command. It was unfortunate that they caught us by surprise, and perhaps we could have been more vigilant, but I agreed with your decision to investigate the fire. As for the fight itself, well…” Katya paused. “Congratulations on your first—and second—kills. If you keep following your instincts, I’m sure you have many more to come.”

“Thank you, Lieutenant.” Lilya tried to smile. But instead, inexplicably, she burst into tears.

Lilya felt terribly embarrassed as she tried to pull herself back together. Katya, however, seemed unconcerned, and waited patiently as Lilya recomposed herself. After a moment, the swell of emotion passed, and Lilya took a couple of deep breaths. “I’m sorry. I’m just… it’s not that I’m afraid for myself. I mean, I am, but more than that, I’m just scared that one of my friends is going to die. And that it will be my fault.”

Lilya saw a deep sadness in Katya’s eyes. “Here is a hard truth of command, Lilya. My job—and yours, some day—is not to get your squadron home. We might say it, but it isn’t true. Your job is to aid in the defense of the Soviet Union by any means you can, with the authority assigned to you.”

Lilya left Katya’s office feeling dazed, but oddly comforted. Perhaps it had simply been the alcohol and words of praise, but the knot of anxiety in her stomach had eased. It was a matter of perspective, she supposed. In war there was no way to ensure her squadron’s safety. But she could always strive to act in the best interest of the People’s Republic.

When she returned to the mess hall, she saw the other girls already lounged there, drinking tea. That was usually how it went; there was the giddy high right after a fight, and then the crash as the adrenaline faded. Moving could be a struggle; the thought of suiting back up for another sortie excruciating. All the same, the other girls greeted Lilya with warm smiles and murmured praise. As if waking from slumber, Eva slowly set down her cup and stood up. “Do you have a moment, Lilya? I’d like to talk to you.” Lilya nodded and followed Eva to her bunk.

Eva had a determined look on her face, and Lilya knew she was steeling herself to say something difficult. After a moment, she found her voice. “I thought you did well today,” Eva began.

“Thank you.”

“You know… you saved my life back there. I stalled my plane with the German right above me. You shot him down before he could dive on me.”

“I didn’t realize it was you. But I remember.”

“Thank you,” Eva said. Lilya waited.

After a moment, Eva spoke again. “I wanted to say sorry. This past week, I haven’t been fair to you. The night that I came back, I thought it meant something more than it did. And afterwards, seeing you with Kaede… I suppose it made me jealous. But we never made any promises. I had no right to be upset with you.”

“Yes, you did,” Lilya replied in a choked voice. “I didn’t think about your feelings.

“I really like you Eva, and I do have feelings for you. But I can’t pretend that I’m not attracted to Kaede as well. That night… I think I tried to convince myself that I was being kind to her, nothing more. But that isn’t true, and it isn’t fair to any of us to pretend it is. I’m just really confused right now.” Lilya released something between a laugh and a sob. “All of these feelings are so new to me. For you at least, you knew before you got here that you liked girls. I have to come to terms with that while also trying not to get killed by the Nazis every day.” Eva smiled, and before she could stop herself, Lilya threw her arms around her.

Eva returned her embrace with a relieved laugh. “I’m just glad we can still be friends,” she said.

“Me too!” Lilya exclaimed. “And really, I am sorry for what I did. I’ll find a way to make it up to you. Apart from saving your life, I mean.”

“That was a pretty good start. But I’m sure I’ll think of something else.”

