White Lily, Black Rose

Author: Black_Ailerons

*009*2024-04-29 00:40

//// September 2, 1941

Lilya awoke well-rested and thrumming with energy. She hurriedly changed into her clothes, bolted down some pancakes prepared by Esfir, and rushed outside with the other girls. Her breath caught as she saw six planes pulled out onto the airstrip, sparkling in the morning light.

The aircraft towered over her. They were far bigger and more powerful than anything she’d flown before, with stout triangular wings and six exhaust ports bristling from each side of a V12 engine. Three propellors extended from the nose, each one nearly as long as Lilya was tall. Against white-and-grey winter camouflage, the red star stood out strongly on the wings and on each side of the fuselage.

“Good morning, comrades,” called Katya as she strolled towards them, looking as immaculate as ever in her military garb. “The model of plane you see in front of you here is the Yakovlev-1, which I deem to be a competent and durable fighter. In the right hands, it should see you through any engagement on equal terms.”

“I know you all have at least some piloting experience, but I caution you that crop-dusters and biplanes will only prepare you so much for flying a fighter aircraft. These planes are twice as fast—and twice as heavy—as what you’re used to.”

The recruits spent the rest of the morning learning about the technical aspects of their planes. Each of them was tutored by their respective ground crew leads—in Lilya’s case, a cheerful, middle-aged man with a large bald spot and a large belly to match named Andrei.

“The engine has more displacement than what you’re used to,” he told her, looking up at the cowling of the Yakovlev fondly. “It will take longer to get warm, especially in the winter. You’re going to have to let it idle for several minutes to get the oil flowing. But don’t forget! The engine may be liquid-cooled, but you will overheat if you stay on the airfield too long.”

Finally, after lunch, the focus of their instruction turned from keeping the aircraft running to learning to fly them. For this portion, Katya addressed the girls directly. “The weight of these Yakovlevs means they are going to turn much slower than civilian aircraft, and will stall at higher speeds,” she said sternly. “If we can avoid crashing any of these aircraft due to preventable error, I will consider it a blessing. There are a few numbers you will have to learn by heart—the most important of which are the stall speed, and the never-exceed speed.”

On and on it went—by the time Lilya sunk into bed that night her head was buzzing with statistics and instructions. The next day was more of the same; learning not just the specifications of the Yak-1 but also those of its various German opponents. The Messerschmitt 109, she learned, was faster at any significant altitude, but couldn’t quite run down the Yak at ground level. “All the same, don’t go cruising along over the treetops,” Katya chided. “A speed advantage on the deck won’t do you any good when the Germans dive on you. Speed is your life; altitude is your insurance.”

////

“What do you think of the training so far?” Lilya asked Natalya as the two of them tucked into lunch.

“Not too bad,” Natalya replied casually. “It all feels pretty basic, to be honest. I suppose it’s important to learn about the climbing speeds of the plane or whatever, but that’s not what flying is really about, is it? You have to feel it! I can’t wait to get in the air.”

Esfir nodded in agreement. “The Yaks might have more horsepower, but a plane is still a plane. It’s nothing we can’t handle.”

Eva, however, looked frozen. She looked paler than ever, and she hadn’t touched her food. “It’s all very well for the four of you,” she said it a shaky voice. “You all know how to fly! I hadn’t even sat in a plane until a few weeks ago! It will be a miracle if I even get off the ground!”

“Eva, you’ll be fine!” Natalya said earnestly. “Honestly, flying isn’t as difficult to pick up as most people think! It’s no harder than driving a—” Lilya cut her off with a discrete shake of her head—there was no way a girl like Eva knew how to drive, either. “Well anyways, it’s really simple!” Natalya blustered on. “Once you relax a bit, you’ll love it, I know you will. And besides, we have an actual combat veteran as our instructor! You’ll have it down in no time.”

“I haven’t known you for very long,” Lilya added, “but I know that you have spirit. And I don’t know the story of how you got here, but the fact that you made it to the front lines shows that you have courage. It’s the Germans that I’m worried about.”

Eva sniffed, but smiled all the same.

That night, Kaede and Esfir retired quickly, but Eva, Natalya and Lilya were too excited to sleep. Tomorrow, they would get to fly as members of the Military Air Forces, and that thought was enough to keep them out of their beds. They sat together on the floor around an oil lamp, offering advice for Eva and sharing stories of their civilian piloting escapades. It wasn’t long before Natalya was recounting a story of a flight she had taken with Anton, her erstwhile boyfriend.

“We were about fifteen kilometers from the landing strip when the engine just died—we’d run out of fuel! I was the copilot—Anton was flying back an empty transport that had resupplied a smoke-jumper outpost, you see, and I wasn’t supposed to be there at all. We found out later looking at the plane that a fuel line had snapped, and all the gas had drained out! He somehow managed to set us down in a field without snapping off anything important. That’s harder than you think, you know… if you fuck up your entry, you’re not going to have enough energy to circle around for another pass.

“Anyways, after we landed, we got out and looked around for a bit, but the sun was starting to go down and we didn’t want to get lost after dark. We decided to spend the night in the cargo hold of the plane.” Natalya looked down for a moment, and giggled. “Well, you’ve heard me talk about Anton enough to guess what we did that night. After a landing like that, we were both far too awake to try to sleep…”

Eva looked away, embarrassed. Lilya met Natalya’s eyes and returned her grin, but she had a strange sensation in her stomach. It wasn’t quite envy, but the thought of her friend enjoying such wild pleasures made her feel oddly hollow. “What’s it like?” she asked impulsively. Eva looked up in surprise.

Natalya was quiet for a moment, and Lilya could tell that for all of her extroverted confidence she wasn’t sure how to answer. “It depends,” she said at last. “Sometimes it’s bad—like, you don’t even feel like you’re there. And what makes it good or bad isn’t just how skilled they are. It’s more complicated than that. Ah, I feel like I’m not explaining it very well!

“What makes it feel good is the connection. At least for me. Before they even touch you, you feel the attraction, you want it. And when they do touch you it’s like every inch of your body is more sensitive. And then from there it builds on itself, because you get more excited, and they can sense that, which makes them more excited. And then the world gets very small. You’re not worrying about anything, or fantasizing about anything else, it’s just you and them.”

“And then when—well you know—when you get close, you feel this tingling heat that goes through your whole body. And it’s such a rush of emotion. The only thing that comes close is flying a plane. That’s what it feels like—like flying.”

Lilya could feel her heart hammering. She’d never thought too much about sex, but the way Natalya talked about it had stirred something inside her. Eva, too, was looking at Natalya intently. Natalya looked sheepish.

“Well, I’m going to go to bed. Tomorrow’s a big day.”

Some time later, Lilya lay in bed, warm under her covers, gently tracing the insides of her thighs with her fingernails. Sleepiness began to creep over her at last. “Natalya?” she asked quietly. She heard a rustle to her left.

“Mmm?”

“Anton… did you love him?”

There was a long pause. “Yes. I suppose I did.”

//// September 4, 1941

Dawn broke clear and bright the next morning. Adrenaline rushed through Lilya, and she sprang out of bed. Time to fly! After an impatient breakfast, she filed out behind Katya with the other girls. Natalya seemed just as excited as Lilya, and her face was lit up with joy. Esfir was as inscrutable as ever, while Kaede’s face was set in a determined frown. Eva, meanwhile, looked terrified. Her eyes were fixed on the airstrip, where her Yak-1 awaited her. Wordlessly, she followed Katya towards the aircraft. “You’ll be fine, Eva!” called Natalya.

Lilya set aside her thoughts of her friends as Andrei helped her into the cockpit of her own aircraft. “I’ve finished all of my safety checks, and she’s ready to fly. Make sure you bring down the fuel richness once—ah! What am I saying! You know all of this. Don’t listen to me.” Lilya gave the kindly man a smile as she settled into the cockpit. The glass enclosure had grown surprising warm in the sunlight, and she found herself perspiring slightly under her coat. She felt a sudden twinge in her bladder brought on by anxiety. I wish I’d used the bathroom before we went out. 

She put her discomfort out of her mind and focused on the various switches, dials, and gauges laid out in front of her. She moved the controls stick between her legs, and saw the ailerons respond smoothly on each wing. She connected her radio to her headset, and a moment later heard Katya’s voice crackle to life. “Engines on, ladies. Let’s get in the air.” Lilya flipped a couple of switches, then turned on the starter motor. The massive propellor blades swept across the windshield, quickly gaining speed. When the spinning blades became a blur, she pressed the ignition.

The engine roared to life, rattling the cockpit. Lilya caught the intoxicating scent of smoke and petrol as the engine warmed up, like a great beast stretching its legs after slumber.

Natalya took off first, then Esfir, then Kaede; all three without incident. Then the runway was clear, and it was her turn.

“Blocks away!” she called, and her ground crew hurried to pull out the wooden stops that held her wheels in place. “Clear!” came the reply. Her plane began to roll forward slowly. She used the rudder to swing the tail around until she was pointed straight down the airfield. The sky beckoned. Lilya took a deep breath, then pushed the throttle forward all the way.

The engine’s roar became a howl. The vibrations lessened, like a horse finding its stride, and the plane started to move. Faster and faster, Lilya raced down the runway, her heart hammering in her chest. There was no going back now! She pitched forward slightly and the tail lifted off the ground—the plane was now running along on just the front two wheels. Then she pointed the nose upwards, and the plane sprang into the air.

In an instant, her worries vanished, like they always did when she was flying. She darted over the treetops, close enough to rustle branches in her wake as she picked up speed, then raised her landing gear and pulled up into the sky. Despite its size, her plane performed as well as any she had ever flown. She darted this way and that, pushing the aircraft harder and harder. Yakovlev responded strongly each time; triangular wings flexing under the strain.

“Lilya, the purpose of this flight is to get acquainted with the handling of the aircraft, not tear it to shreds.” Katya spoke dryly over the radio. “I don’t think we have any spare wings back at base, and if you snap one off it will be a terrible hassle to order a replacement.”

Lilya smiled. “Okay, sorry—I mean, roger that!”

The next half an hour passed in a blur. As Katya was primarily focused on instructing Eva, it was left to the four other girls to practice some basic rolls and loops, none of which presented much difficulty to Lilya. The atmosphere was nothing short of jovial. The girls laughed, joked, and sang together as they got a feel for their planes. Even Kaede and Esfir—who, to that point, Lilya had hardly even shared a conversation with—seemed happy and relaxed in the sky. She heard Esfir singing in a clear contralto,

Časovye perekliknulisʹ v noči:

Podpolzaet vrag, skvozʹ veter i tuman.

Ukraincy, belorusy, moskviči,

Vyletaem my na Tihij okean,

My letim na Tihij okean!

They also attempted flying in formation, forming up diagonally in a single line like geese. This was far more difficult than it looked—Lilya had never flown in tandem with other aircraft before, and she struggled to match her speed to her comrades. To make matters worse, her need to pee was building steadily. The tricky thing about flying a plane was that she needed both her legs and arms to maintain control, so she couldn’t hold herself. She couldn’t even clench her legs together, since the control stick ran between them. “Lilya! What’s going on?” demanded Esfir as Lilya drifted past her, breaking formation once again.

“Sorry,” muttered Lilya through gritted teeth. “I have to…” …piss, she almost said, but remembered that Katya was still in radio range. “...do better.” She finished lamely.

Mercifully, her fuel gauge was now down to a quarter of a tank, and the four girls turned back towards the airstrip (Eva and Katya had already landed). Lilya was now dragging in long shaky breaths as she fought to keep her aching bladder under control. She could fly the plane one-handed for a few seconds at a time—allowing her to jam her free hand into her crotch—but she needed the strength of both hands to make significant adjustments to her trajectory. Every time she pulled her hand away, her need to pee rebounded more strongly. It was torture; she was aware that on the ground she would not have been in danger of wetting herself, but with her legs forced open and no way to properly hold herself her desperation was almost unbearable.

She was channeling all of her strength into her urethral muscles, but they were tiring quickly. She knew that she was almost out of time. As the airfield crept back into view, Lilya pulled ahead of her peers. “I’ll land first,” she announced, praying that nobody would contradict her. She sighed with relief when the other three stayed quiet. She angled her nose down, cut her throttle, and lined up her approach. “Come on, come on,” she muttered under her breath. She was squirming in her seat now, desperately trying to close her legs but still unable to. She forced herself to stay still, squeezing her aching muscles so hard that tears sprung into her eyes. “Focus, focus…” Her landing flaps were down now, and her altitude was dropping steadily. In a few seconds she would be on the ground, and she could squeeze her crotch as hard as she wanted. “Almost there…”

“Lilya!” Natalya’s voice was shrill. “Your landing gear is still up!” Lilya’s stomach plunged in fear. She jerked back the stick, aborting her landing just a few meters from the ground. She slammed open the throttle and prayed the aircraft wouldn’t stall. The engine stumbled, and for a horrifying second Lilya thought she would crash, but then the V12 roared back to life. The plane clawed its way back into the air with a billow of black smoke.

It was at this moment that Lilya’s dam started to break. The upwards acceleration of the plane pushed Lilya down into her seat and multiplied the weight of her overfilled bladder. It felt like there was a leaden mass pressing against the inside of her pee-hole, and her exhausted muscles simply could not take the strain. “No!” she exclaimed helplessly as the first couple of drops trickled out, soaking her crotch. She set her jaw and clenched her pelvic muscles as hard as she could, but it was a futile effort—the trickle of pee escaping her bladder was growing into a stream. 

Her panties were now completely soaked, and she was seconds away from wetting the back of her pants and the seat below. She could already feel the first hot rivulets making their way down her ass cheeks. Her pee hole burned and stung from its protracted battle, and she very nearly consigned herself to a complete wetting, but the thought of defiling her aircraft on her very first flight was too much to bear. She shoved her left hand into her panties, pressing the tip of her middle finger as hard as she could against her urethra. The plane veered alarmingly, but she found she was just strong enough to control the aircraft one-handed.

Lilya clenched the control stick hard to keep her hand from shaking with shock. How could I have let this happen? She had very nearly botched her landing and wet herself in the process, all because she hadn’t used the bathroom that morning. Anger flared inside her, overpowering her desperation. She wasn’t going to give up. She wasn’t going to piss herself in the cockpit and embarrass the entire squadron. She could hold her bladder like a grown woman, and enjoy the bliss of relieving herself once she was in the safety of the bathroom. But first, she had to get her plane on the ground.

“I’m circling back around.” Her voice was level and confident. Her desperation was still there—an intensifying throb in her lower abdomen—but she didn’t care. She wasn’t even trying to clench her muscles anymore; she simply blocked her pee hole with her finger. The pain radiating from the sensitive tissue was ignored. She banked around smoothly, lining up the air strip in front of her once more. She leveled out the plane, lowered her landing gear and cut the throttle. This required taking her hand out of her panties, but it felt like her muscles had recovered enough to hold for a minute or two. 

A couple seconds later, the green “landing gear down” light flicked on, and she touched down on the runway smoothly—a perfect landing. That’s more like it! She braked as hard as she dared, killed the engine, then opened the cockpit and hopped out almost before the propellor had stopped spinning. Andrei hurried out towards her, looking concerned. “I saw your gear didn’t come down on the first pass—is there something wrong with—”

“Just a mistake, Andrei!” Lilya called over her shoulder as she raced to the barracks, still giddy with emotion. “She flew beautifully. Thank you!”

A few seconds later she was inside the barracks. She groaned in relief as the door closed behind her—she’d made it back dry! More or less! Her nervousness was fading, and in its place was a mischievous sort of excitement. She felt like a naughty farmgirl again, swiping pastries out of the oven and scampering away without getting caught. A tingle went down her spine. She was ready to admit it to herself—there was something undeniably exciting about waiting to pee until the last possible moment.

She could see the two toilet stalls at the far end of the room, their doors cracked open invitingly. The sight of the toilets was enough to send a spasm through her bladder, which now felt swollen and rock-hard. She was once again near her limit—the point where squirming and bouncing no longer helped to relieve her need. Instead, she tried to relax her core and give her bladder room to expand. She felt the burning urge to release her piss, but she did not fight it. It was almost meditative, in a degenerate sort of way.

Now that she knew she was safe, Lilya felt a perverse urge to push her desperation just a bit farther. Instead of dashing directly to the toilet, she forced herself to walk with ladylike composure to her own bedside cabinet. It wasn’t proper to wear shoes indoors—shouldn’t she take them off first?

With mincing steps, she made her way to the front of her cabinet. She bent down to unlace her boots, but stopped halfway with a gasp of pain as her bladder spasmed once again. Her pelvic muscles quivered ominously. That’s no good… She tried sitting on her bed and reaching down, but once again was deterred by a warning cry from her bladder. It was overfilled to the point where it could no longer change shape; any pressure that was applied to it was transferred directly to her aching pee-hole. Lilya’s head was spinning. It was maddening beyond belief to be so close to release, but to be held back by an inability to take off her shoes.

Still, she wasn’t ready to give up. She sat down on the floor, and tucked one of her feet in towards her hips while sitting up straight. This had the disadvantage of opening her legs, but at least it didn’t compress her bladder as severely. With one hand clamped over her soaking wet crotch, she managed to unlace one of her boots one-handed and pull it off. Switching hands, she repeated the feat with the other boot. With one last effort, she dragged herself to her feet. Her bladder was now throbbing with every beat of her heart, tortured to its breaking point. Lilya was unable to stand upright; she shuffled hunched-over towards the nearest stall with one hand glued between her legs and the other gingerly supporting her distended bladder. She whimpered under her breath as she took step after mincing step. “Hah… hah!”

And then she made it. She shouldered open the door and practically threw herself down on the toilet, pulling her pants and sodden panties down at the same time. Knowing that she was completely alone, she couldn’t resist a louder-than-necessary moan of satisfaction as her urine exploded out of her. It was a moment of pure bliss; every second of her prolonged hold seemed worth it.

Then she noticed the bathroom door was still open, and a jolt of alarm swept over her, cutting off her stream abruptly. Memories flooded back of the first time she had used this toilet. She’d left the door open then as well, but that time she hadn’t been alone… Lilya’s cheeks flushed at the memory. She reached out to close the door, but something stayed her hand. She didn’t really need to close the door, did she? There was nobody watching. And wasn’t it, well, more exciting to pee like this, her pussy spread open in clear sight of the doorway? She exhaled a shaky breath, and relaxed enough to restart her stream. She imagined Katya barging through the door, the severe lines of her uniform matched by her expression of utter contempt. ‘You dirty girl,’ her commander sneered.

Lilya felt her hand drifting inexorably towards her clit as the Katya of her fantasy approached her. ‘You wanted me to find out what a pathetic slut you are, didn’t you?’ Lilya’s hand moved in frantic circles as she imagined Natalya appearing next to Katya, her beautiful face lit up with laughter. ‘See Katya? I told you I was right about that farmgirl whore. What shall we do with her?’ Lilya’s orgasm ripped through her body like a summer storm. When she came to her senses she was shivering on the toilet; her panties around her ankles, the warmth of her afterglow quickly fading. She felt nauseous with guilt. What is wrong with me? She forced herself to move, trying to leave behind the brume of her disgust. Outside, she heard another plane touch down—in a couple minutes, the whole squadron would be on the ground, and her absence would be noticed. She hurried to her dresser, changed out of her sodden pants and panties, and went outside.

////

All six Yak-1s had landed successfully, and the ground crews were hauling the aircraft back to their hangars. Esfir, Natalya, and Kaede all seemed relaxed and happy, but Eva looked ecstatic. The high-born girl beamed at Lilya as she walked to rejoin her companions. Her training must have gone well! Lilya saw Katya striding towards them, and the five girls straightened to attention.

“Otlichnaya rabota, ladies. Well done! Although your formation flying needs some work, along with your familiarity with your aircraft—” she cast a sidelong glance at Lilya, who blushed, “—I was impressed with your overall piloting proficiency and cooperation. And you will all be pleased to know that Eva had an excellent flight with me. When we are ready to fly our first sortie together, Eva will be in the air with us!” The stern commander afforded Eva a rare smile. Her comrades gave her an impromptu round of applause, and Eva looked like she might melt on the spot.

“Under normal training conditions, you all would have six weeks to learn the intricacies of aerial combat. However, the current situation on the battlefield will not allow this. We have two weeks—at most.” The girls fidgeted.

“We will break now for lunch, and then go back in the air until nightfall. Winter is around the corner, and we must make the most of the daylight while we have it. Dismissed!”

Lilya was turning for the barracks when she heard her commander speak again in a lower tone. “Litvyak—wait a moment.” Lilya felt a pit of dread in her stomach; she could guess what this conversation would be about. She swallowed and turned to face her commander once more as the other girls filed away.

“You flew well today,” began Katya. “You gained confidence in your new aircraft with remarkable speed. Furthermore, in your brief time here at Bukhta you have shown diligence in your training. For these reasons, I was surprised to see your focus begin to slip near the end of our training exercises. And even more surprised when you failed to lower your landing gear on your first approach.” Lilya’s cheeks burned red.

“The lack of discipline you demonstrated today could easily have gotten you injured or killed. And in battle, it could have done far worse; it may have jeopardized the lives your comrades-in-arms. Fighter planes do not suffer fools, Lilya.” Lilya looked away in shame, wishing she could burrow into the ground like a vole.

“I cannot put any member of this squadron at risk on your account, Lilya. So answer me truthfully—what happened today?”

Lilya felt tears of embarrassment well in her eyes, but she forced herself to meet her commander’s gaze. “It won’t happen again. All that happened was… I just really had to pee. I didn’t think about it before I got in the plane, and once I got in the air it was too late. I was on the verge of wetting myself by the time I landed. But it won’t happen again, I promise!”

Katya’s gaze softened. “I see. Well, it certainly could be worse; you aren’t the first pilot to be caught in those circumstances. I’m glad to know there was a reason for your mistakes beyond simple incompetence. Just make sure this does not happen again! You are dismissed, Private Litvyak.”

Lilya nodded in acknowledgement and gratitude, and the two women began walking back to the barracks for lunch. “And one more thing, Lilya. When you find yourself desperate to pee while flying… it’s better to let go and wet yourself. Your life is worth far more than your dignity.”

*015*2024-05-05 22:07

Thank you all for all the kind words 🙂 It's cool to see the speculation but I don't want to ruin the fun hehe.

Yeah I'm trying to post at least once a week. I work M-F so it seems I usually end up posting on weekends but if I can post more often I will!

//// September 17, 1941

The next two weeks flew by. Katya pushed her squadron hard, and from sunup to sundown the girls trained together in the sky, trying to make the most of the shortening autumn days. They practiced their formations until they could fly together in a perfect wing3. Katya taught them how to identify landmarks from the air, and gauge distances to faraway targets. They also learned a separate skill: flying by instrument. It meant relying on nothing more than the gauges in the cockpit to determine where you were and where you were going—no easy feat, but potentially life-saving when visibility was poor.

Katya didn’t just teach her pilots how to fly; she taught them how to kill. Again and again, Lilya and the other girls would make strafing runs on a truck-sized aluminum sheet set up in a clearing in the forest. Occasionally, Lilya would see a bright flash on the piece of metal as one of her explosive rounds found its mark, but more often they sailed wide. It was devilishly tricky to keep the plane’s nose on a target while flying, especially since the recoil of the guns would rock the entire aircraft. “Remember,” Katya told them as they circled around to line up another run, “it’s much harder to hit anything that’s moving. Not just because you have to lead them with your shots, but also, the people inside will be trying their hardest not to be hit. The first time you fire in combat, I promise you that you will miss. You will need to get closer to your target than you think, and lead your target more than you think.”

If strafing was hard, bombing was even harder. The Yak-1 could carry a small forged-steel bomb under each wing (“small” in the context of aviation, anyways; it took two men to haul them around), and both bombs could be dropped by the pilot at the same time with the press of a button. Knowing when to drop your bombs was less a question of piloting and more of mathematics: as soon as the bomb detached from the airframe it began to decelerate horizontally and accelerate towards the ground. The easiest—and for that matter, the only—way to hit any target smaller than a village was to dive in at a steep angle and release at very low altitude. But not too low or too fast, unless you wanted to add your aircraft to the payload. It was several days of practice before Lilya started to get her dummy bombs on target.

When the girls weren’t in the air, they were studying; soaking in as much as they could about combat theory, communication protocol, aircraft silhouettes, map-reading, parachuting, and even survival skills in the event that they were forced to bail out far from base. For hours after Katya retired each night, the five of them would stay up, huddled around the mess hall table, poring over training documents. Though the five of them had their differences, circumstance had brought them together, and Lilya knew they would either succeed or fail as a team.

For Lilya, it was exhausting. It was also the happiest time of her life.

“I’m so sore!” groused Eva at dinner, as the girls tucked in hungrily to porridge prepared by Kaede. “I understand the importance of training as much as we can, but I’m so stiff from flying that I can hardly get up in the morning! And yes, Natalya,” she added, catching her teasing look, “I’m a fragile princess who isn’t used to real work. But still!”

“Well, you know what the boys say,” quipped Natalya. “Treat your airplane like you treat your woman: get inside her five times a day and take her to heaven and back!” Lilya sprayed a mouthful of tea across the table. “Very nice, Natalya,” Eva said daintily, trying and failing to suppress a smile. “A proper lady of the Soviet Union you are!”

There was a certain energy around the table that night. Tomorrow, ready or not, the squadron would be flying out on their first mission.

“So, is it true, Eva?” Lilya asked intently. “Will you get to fly with us tomorrow?”

“It is!” Eva replied excitedly. “Katya cleared me today. I’m still a long way from being as good as you all, of course, but at I’m happy I can at least do something.”

Lilya understood the sentiment. At night, they could pick up radio stations from Moscow, and the news was never good. The Red Army was putting up a valiant fight, but they were being forced back towards the capital. Moscow might be encircled in weeks. And worse, the Luftwaffe had control of the air. Every time Lilya took off, she knew that there were German fighters hunting the skies for her. Another month of training would be good; another year even better. But the Soviet Union was out of time.

“I think we should take the night off,” said Natalya abruptly. “No more studying today. Eva’s getting her wings, and we’re all about to fly on our first mission. This is cause for celebration!” And with that, she dashed out of the room. Eva caught Lilya’s eye apologetically.

A moment later, Natalya bounded back into the mess hall, clutching a bottle of vodka. “I’ve been saving this for something special,” she said eagerly, talking over Eva’s stammered protest. “And what better time than our de-facto graduation?” Lilya almost objected, but she was powerless to resist Natalya’s smile. Esfir shrugged. “I’m not one to turn down good vodka,” the short-haired girl said easily. Kaede nodded in agreement. “All right!” exclaimed Eva, wringing her hands. “But I swear to god, Natalya, if you crash and die tomorrow because you’re hungover, I will find your corpse and kill you.”

////

Lilya lounged haphazardly on the floor, laughing helplessly, arranged in a circle with Eva, Kaede, Esfir and Natalya. Her muscles felt oddly relaxed, and her head hummed pleasantly. Lilya had never been much of a drinker, and certainly she’d never tasted any liquor as smooth as Natalya’s offering. By comparison, the samogon she’d had back home had tasted as harsh as petrol. The bottle was almost empty, and the pilots were all in varying stages of intoxication. Playing cards were scattered around them; they’d had a game going at one point, but it had been abandoned. Lilya couldn’t remember why. For that matter, she couldn’t even remember what they had been playing.

Kaede burst into laughter as Natalya related a rather graphic story involving her and Anton. Her large dark eyes, normally so hard to read, sparkled with happiness. When she saw Lilya was looking at her, she caught her gaze and smiled.

“…and to be honest, I can’t say I was too unhappy about it,” concluded Natalya. “And I was able to sneak home and get my hair clean before anyone noticed.” She sighed. “I suppose I would have been angry, but it was all just too much fun.” She straightened up and adopted a mock-serious tone. “That’s a lesson for all of you young bachelors: if you want to land yourself a nice girl, you don’t have to be handsome or rich. You just have to make them smile.”

Kaede giggled. “I didn’t know you knew so much about charming women!”

Natalya smirked. “Oh, me? No, I’m not the expert in that department.” She turned to Esfir, and gave her a knowing wink. Perhaps it was meant to be discreet, but the influence of alcohol had greatly reduced Natalya’s subtlety.

Esfir shifted. “What’s that supposed to mean?” Against the background hum in Lilya’s head, Esfir’s voice was uncomfortably sharp. Natalya immediately went on the defensive. “Oh, come on,” she said plaintively. “I can put two and two together. I have instincts. A girl like you—strong, beautiful—I bet the ladies can’t get enough of you!”

Perhaps it was the flattery that did the trick. Esfir held her gaze for a moment, then grinned ruefully and flicked her hair back out of her bright blue eyes. “Fuck, is it really so obvious? All right then, you win. I’ve been with a woman before. Well, more than one, for that matter.”

A ripple of interest spread through the group. Eva was sitting straight as a board, her cheeks flushed. Lilya felt blood rushing in her ears.

“What?!” Kaede exclaimed, leaning forward. “But… you said your family lived in the country…how?”

Natalya offered the short-haired girl the bottle. “Come on, Esfir, I’ve already said too much about my sex life. You have to tell!”

Esfir hesitated, then took the bottle and downed a long swig, wincing appreciatively as she swallowed. “All right, but you are all perverts for asking. Here’s how it happened.

“As I’ve said before, my father worked as a hunter and trapper. We lived outside Livadya. Not far from Yalta. It is the most beautiful place in Crimea. Probably, in the world.

“As such, there are two types of people in my town: those who actually live and work here and wealthy travelers from Moscow, St. Petersburg, and beyond. Before the war broke out, there were even some foreigners. Men travel here to hunt, you see. There is a famous lodge—Red Deer Lodge—where they stay with their families. And during the hunting season, when the lodge was busiest, I worked at the restaurant inside.

“When I was working, it was clear to me that many of these women did not want to be there. Take away the hunting and the forest, and there is nothing to do in my town except to drink and feel sorry for yourself. And so, many of them did just that; these women of status, reduced to parlor games and staring at the trees, hating their husbands.

“And then I walk in, this friendly serving boy, and these ladies were practically lining up to flirt with me. Oh, I don’t think most of them knew I was a girl—not at first. Although… they knew there was something different about me. But that was part of the appeal. They wanted an escape, and when I took them back to my room that’s what I gave them.”

Eva’s cheeks were flushed. Her hands shook slightly as she twisted them together. “I don’t know, Esfir, it… it doesn’t seem right.”

Esfir scoffed. “I’m a lesbian from backwoods fucking nowhere, Eva. What was I supposed to do? Ask them to the ball? Have my daddy arrange a nice marriage with a noblewoman? Not all of us had our lives handed to us. Everything I got, I had to take.”

“A nice marriage!” Eva’s whole body was trembling now, and her voice was uneven. “A sweet little girl, served a perfect life on a silver plate! Is that what I look like to you? I’m going to be dead before the year is out—I know it, you all know it. I’d never even driven a car before I got here. I don’t know how to fly! Do you think this is part of my daddy’s perfect plan for my life of luxury? Do you think he got me enlisted because he loves who I am?”

Lilya saw a strange look flash across Esfir’s face. “Sorry,” she muttered.

Eva hiccupped and smiled tearfully. “I’m sorry, too. I’m not used to drinking so much. My outburst was… un-ladylike.”

Natalya was unable to suppress a guffaw. “Eva, not to put too fine of a point on it, but we’re not in the ballroom anymore. I think the rules of decorum are slightly less strict on a military base. Besides,” she added slyly, “if I remember correctly, our introduction to Lieutenant Budanova wasn’t very ladylike either!”

Eva and Natalya giggled helplessly in mutual embarrassment; Lilya joined in, but Kaede looked confused. “What happened?” The Sakhalin girl asked. “I wasn’t there.”

“Well!” said Natalya with a broad grin. “It was a very long truck ride to the base, you see, and—”

“Natalya, please!” Eva exclaimed, her face bright red.

“Well, you tell her or I will—”

“All right, all right!” She gave in with a sigh. “I suppose you’ll find out anyways, and it might as well be from me. As Natalya was saying, the ride up here dragged on for hours and hours…” Eva briskly recounted the story of how first she, and then Natalya had wet themselves on the runway. Lilya felt her cheeks tingling with secondhand embarrassment, and she took a long swig from the bottle to distract herself, but Eva kept her poise.

“After that, there was nothing to do but go inside and get changed, really. To be honest, I can’t believe you didn’t notice when we walked in! My tights were soaked…”

Kaede smiled shyly. “I guess I was distracted—all I really remember was Lilya sprinting to the bathroom!” Lilya’s stomach plunged—she had been wondering when her name would get pulled into the tale. Still, given the stories the other girls had told about themselves, she had no grounds to object. “I remember I pointed you towards the bathroom and you ran straight in,” Kaede continued. “You didn’t even close the door. And then you—” Kaede saw the look of panic on Lilya’s face and stopped talking. How much did she see? Wetting yourself was humiliating, but it was an honest mistake that could happen to anyone with enough bad luck. But if the other girls knew that she had touched herself in the aftermath, Lilya thought she might die of embarrassment.

Kaede seemed to wrestle with herself for a moment, then spoke again in a deliberately offhand way:

“Did it feel good?”

“I—I’m not sure what—.” Lilya’s pulse was hammering so hard that she was sure the other girls could hear it. “Well, I mean, yeah, sure! I guess the relief felt good, that’s all. Like taking off a heavy pack, or something.”

“Oh.” Kaede looked away. “Right, of course.”

Lilya fiddled with her shirt hem. “Why do you ask?”

Kaede flicked her eyes from one girl to the next like a cornered animal. She took a deep breath and exhaled shakily. “Well, I’ve never told anyone this, but… ah! It’s so embarrassing. But seeing as you all have been open with me…

“I don’t remember exactly when it started, or how, but when I was younger I realized that… I liked the sensation of needing to pee. There is just something… exciting about it for me.

“I grew up in the city, and I was always running chores for my mother. When she sent me to the store to buy something, I would always drink as much as I could right before I left. It was a two kilometer walk each way… by the time I got to the store I would already feel the urge, and by the time I paid and left it was hard not to fidget. I think the owner knew, because he always had this smirk on his face as he said goodbye, but he never said anything.

“The walk home would be torture. I would feel my bladder getting heavier and heavier and there was nothing I could do to relieve the pressure. I just had to keep walking. But that was the exciting part for me; I never knew for sure if I would make it. If something went wrong—if a road was blocked off, or I had to turn around because I had forgotten something, I would be in real trouble. The worst would be if I ran into somebody I knew in the street. I had to smile and stand up straight while they talked on and on, not realizing I was bursting on the inside. More than once, I had to dash into an alleyway and pee behind whatever cover I could find. I always tried to make it back, though.”

“Did you ever wet yourself?” Lilya asked.

Kaede bit her lip. “Once. About a year ago.

“I was on my way back from the store with a bag of groceries. There had been a long line at the store, so by the time I was ten minutes from home I was already very desperate to pee. Then, I heard somebody call my name.

“It was a girl from my school and one of her friends. She was holding some money in her hand. I realized what had happened; somehow, my money had fallen out of my bag. I asked her to give it back, but she laughed at me and said no.

“I was trapped. I knew my mother would be angry with me if I came home without the money, but I didn’t know what to do to get it back. There was no way I could have fought both of them, especially in the state I was in. I tried pleading with them, threatening them, but they just giggled at me.

“By then, they’d realized how badly I needed to pee. The girl and her friend told me that they wouldn’t give me back the money unless I wet myself, right there on the city street. I didn’t want to, but I was about to pee myself anyways.

“I don’t think they really expected me to do it. I still remember the look of shock on their faces… the front of my skirt was completely soaked. They tossed down the money and left.

“By all accounts, that should have been the end of my adventures, but it wasn’t. To tell you the truth… it was the most exciting thing that ever happened to me. On the trips where I made it all the way back home intact, I would rush to the bathroom and—and masturbate as soon as I stopped peeing. That day though… I could barely make it back to the house. Not because I needed to pee, but because I wanted to touch myself.”

Lilya felt dazed. The alcohol was really working on her now, and she felt her vision starting to slip in and out of focus. Was any of this real? She bit her tongue. It hurt.

“Well Kaede, if I’m able to remember anything in the morning, I’m sure I’ll regret saying this, but that story was hot as hell. And your intuition was correct… you’re not the only one who gets turned on by…that sort of thing. I’ve never tried it before we got here, but…” She trailed off as she looked into Kaede’s dark brown eyes. She’d never appreciated until now just how beautiful the mixed-race girl was. The warm lamplight was dancing over her high cheekbones, her slightly parted lips… Lilya suddenly realized how close together the two of them were sitting. She could reach out and—

“It’s late!”

Eva’s voice sounded echoey and faraway, as if she were at the end of a long hallway. Lilya turned away hurriedly, which made her head spin. She did her best to focus on Eva’s face, but couldn’t seem to concentrate. It’s time to sleep. She was dimly aware of someone helping her into bed, and then her world went dark.

//// September 18, 1941

If I could forget everything that happened last night, would I want to?

Lilya spent breakfast the next morning lost in thought. The meal was an unusually muted affair; their inaugural combat mission seemed less exciting and more terrifying now that it was less than an hour away. For her own part, Lilya almost welcomed the chance to put the awkwardness of last night behind her. On one hand, the secret of her own sexual deviance was out. On the other… she wasn’t alone. She caught Kaede’s eye before she could help herself, and smiled shyly. Kaede blushed, and looked down at her plate.

A few moments later, Katya stood up, and with a rumbling of chairs the other girls hastened to emulate their commander. “Ladies, it’s time. Proceed to your aircraft, and form up on me once you’re in the air. We will be making a sweep due south towards Moscow, looking for vulnerable German air and ground targets. I cannot predict the outcome of our mission, but I can assure you this—our best chance of success is to stay together and communicate closely. Pognali!”

A shiver ran down Lilya’s spine. She was about to step out of the barracks towards her waiting aircraft when she felt a hand on her shoulder. It was Natalya, a cheeky grin on her face. “Lilya, my dear, you might want to use the bathroom before we take off.” Lilya giggled. “Screw you, but also, you’re right.” She turned around and dashed to the toilet.

////

“Heading one eight five, airspeed four hundred and ten, altitude five thousand one hundred feet.” Katya’s voice was as cool as ever over the radio as the six pilots pushed south. “We’re about eighty kilometers northwest of Moscow. Continue to stay alert.” Lilya sat up straighter, looking keenly for movement in the sky, the flash of a mortar on the ground—anything that might denote German presence. So far, apart from a couple of false alarms, the mission had been uneventful. She had felt certain that they would have encountered something by now, but Katya seemed unsurprised. “Remember, we’re not flying on the frontlines,” their commander reminded them. “We’re looking to surprise the Germans behind enemy lines, where they’re weak. Consequently, any planes or vehicles we do encounter are probably trying to hide from us.”

A few minutes later, Katya gave the order to turn around, and the squadron headed due north, returning on a slightly different route than the one they had arrived on. Lilya was feeling more relaxed, and although they were still limiting radio communication to avoid detection, she sensed just from the way they flew that the other girls were loosening up as well. She was already looking forward to a hot lunch before they set off again in the afternoon. But then—

“Bogey spotted! Ten-o-clock, low!” Esfir’s voice was shaky with excitement. Lilya craned her neck, and sure enough, she saw a dark speck racing westwards just over the treeline. She reached frantically for the binoculars she kept in her pants pocket and peered through them, but her hands were shaking too badly to bring the aircraft into focus. She took a deep breath to steady herself.

“Good eye, Esfir.” Katya’s low, steady voice was a tonic for Lilya’s nerves. “It looks like a Junkers eighty-eight. Two-engined bomber, with a couple of turrets. Judging by its trajectory it’s coming back from a bombing run and got separated. There’s no fighter escort to be seen—let’s bring him down.” Lilya followed her commander as she banked her plane to the left and dove towards their quarry.

It was all Lilya could do to keep from panicking as they raced towards the bomber, gaining quickly on the heavier plane. The enemy aircraft loomed into view: a powerfully built plane more than twice the size of the Yak-1, with a large engine mounted on each wing. A puff of smoke issued from each engine and the Ju-88 adjusted course—the Soviet squadron had been spotted. The bomber was now racing just above treetop level as fast as it could, but the Yakovlevs continued to close.

A series of bright flashes erupted from the tail of the bomber, and before she could make sense of what she was seeing, Lilya heard the ­crack­-crack-crack of incoming machine-gun fire. A hail of tracer rounds whipped past her. None of them found their mark, but the effect on the squadron was immediate. Everyone but Katya broke formation at the same time in a frantic attempt to avoid the gunfire. Lilya felt horribly exposed. At least on the ground, you could try to hide from someone shooting at you. But up in the sky, her only protection was a small pane of bulletproof glass on her windshield.

“Stay on target!” Katya was saying. “You’re never going to bring him down running around like scared rabbits! No gunner is going to hit you from this range. Now, line up an angle and stick to it! Remember—you’re going to have to get close!”

Chiding herself, Lilya pulled up level to the enemy aircraft, so that it was to her right and beneath her, then turned in to attack from the side. The German pilot was flying well—by staying so close to the ground, it would be difficult for the Soviet squadron to dive on him without crashing. Lilya would have to dive as close as she could, fire, and then pull up hard before she collided with the treetops. She rested her thumb on the fire button at the top of her control stick. Truth be told, she had very little confidence in her gunmanship. She’d shot rifles on the farm occasionally, but firing while flying was something else altogether. In order to line up a shot, she had to adjust the rudder and elevator perfectly. It was like trying to shoot something by controlling a marionette that was holding a rifle. Not for the first time, Lilya wished they’d had more time to practice.

She continued to dive towards the bomber until she could see the black-and-white crosses on each wing. Now! She opened fire, cursed, then pulled up hard to level out from her dive. Her tracer rounds had sailed well above and behind the bomber—she hadn’t come close to hitting her mark. She recovered altitude, and prepared for another pass.

For ten minutes, the fight wore on. The German bomber was now stitched with holes, and steam was billowing from the left engine. Still, it kept plowing westward, and from time to time the dorsal gunner would unleash a burst of machinegun fire. The other turrets had been silent for a while, though; Lilya didn’t want to think about why that was. After many failed attempts, she had finally scored some hits against the Ju-88. She was slowly getting more comfortable with leading her shots, and had been rewarded with a series of firecracker-like explosions as some of her cannon-rounds detonated on the bomber’s fuselage. She was running low on ammunition, however, and many of the other girls were as well. Time and again she scoured the horizon, expecting at any moment to see German reinforcements, but none came.

She was getting ready for another attack run when she saw it—the German plane’s left engine had finally given out. The propellors were no longer a blur; they spun slowly now, like a child’s toy. “That’s enough,” said Katya. “Form up on me, and let’s get back to base.” Lilya did as she was told, looking over her shoulder at the fatally wounded bomber as she did so. It was flying impossibly slowly now; almost hanging in the air. A minute later, it was gone.

Back at base, the atmosphere was light. Sure, it hadn’t all been smooth sailing, but they’d all made it back safe and sound, and scored their first victory to boot. The Yakovlevs had all fared well, and apart from a bullet that had punched a small hole through Katya’s right wing, none of them had taken damage (“nothing a piece of aluminum tape won’t fix,” Katya had said). Even so, Lilya didn’t feel like celebrating. 

As she lay in bed that night, she could still feel the phantom sensations of flying: the g-forces of pulling out of a dive, the bone-jarring shake of the cockpit when she had opened fire. There had been one point, as she was flying past the bomber, when she had seen the dorsal gunner’s face. She was moving too quickly for him to bring his machinegun to bear, but he had followed her with his head as she raced by, and she had done the same. For the briefest of moments, they had looked at each other. His face had been smooth-shaven and pale, and impossibly young. The goggles he had been wearing shielded his eyes. Lilya wondered if he had been as scared as she was.

