The Leaky Party Incident

Author: Bucketman

*000*2025-09-22 23:16

It was a jovial day in Hell. The red sky illuminated a sea of skull-shaped rocks, giving them a horrific fiery glow. These dark red rocks paved the way towards a single giant mansion that towered above anything in the desolate area. This was the mansion of Zanmu Nippaku, King of Hell.

At this time, Zanmu stood near the wall in the ballroom of her home. A dish of sake in hand, she idly gazed upon the sea of Oni she ruled over as they engaged in merriment and debauchery. A loud roar of noise permeated the air from the sheer number of boisterous individuals in one room. She took a sip from her dish as she watched one individual, nearly eight feet tall, as he attempted to swing from one of her chandeliers, only for the ornament to be pulled straight from its place in the ceiling, sending it and its rider crashing to the ground with a remarkable thud.

“Won’t such acts become costly to repair?” A concerned voice rang out next to Zanmu.

Zanmu turned to the side to face her addresser, a woman of unremarkable height with green hair unevenly cut so that it was far longer on her right side. She wore a blue apothecary uniform, and held an inscribed golden rod. Zanmu could never forget a person like her: she was Eiki Shiki, Yamaxanadu.

”Wonderful that you should make it to my grand party, Miss Yama,” was all Zanmu answered with.

“It’s not good to ignore people’s questions, Zanmu. You make yourself obtuse in a way that renders approaching you difficult. Now I’ll ask again: Won’t the wanton destruction of your home be costly to repair?” Eiki took on an annoying, lecturing tone.

Though she did not sound aggressive or annoyed herself, Eiki had still firmly asserted her place in the conversation. If Zanmu did not give an answer, she would likely be hounded the rest of the night. “My fellow Oni work so hard day in and day out in service of punishing the vile sinners here. Is it not altruistic of me to reward their hard work with equal play? I can replace chandeliers. I can’t replace good men.”

“Still… A party at this level is rife with chances to get hurt or fall to sin. Not everyone here is as durable as an Oni. And sinning in the place meant to punish one for their horrible sins. It never sat well with me. I have to wonder why you even invited me in the first place.” She closed her eyes, her rod lifted to cover her chin, as though she were pondering something.

“But Miss Yama, you play such an important role in the bureaucracy of Hell. To spend all day and night judging the sins of all who die in Gensokyo, I thought I could show some appreciation, allow you time to let loose.”

“Yes, well, this isn’t very much my idea of fun. I’ll hope in the future that I’m not invited again. It’s rude to ignore invitations like these, and I’d rather not have to bear witness to these events.” Eiki’s eyes shifted to the side, looking upon two Oni who were in the process of becoming handsy with each other. The Yama seemed to tremble in a desire to tell them off for their public displays of affection.

“I will keep that in mind.” Zanmu made a mental note to invite her to the next party. “Just remember that these are the hard workers. Your grievances would be much better applied to former Hell. The Oni there hadn’t worked in three-hundred-thousand rotations of the sun.”

“Sigh..” Eiki actually said the word instead of actually sighing. “You are right. Things like these are out of my control, but I just seek to help. On that note, have you been bathing properly? I could smell you from halfway across the room.”

Zanmu closed her eyes with a bright smile. Part of her wanted to throttle Eiki. Such actions would disrupt the balance of Hell though, so she smiled through the pain and anger. “Good day Miss Yama.” She walked away before she could experience any more of this humiliation in her own home.

After she had escaped the Yama, Zanmu found herself against another wall. She took a sip to take her mind off that last comment, but the liquid pouring down her throat gave her notice as to where all the booze she had consumed was accumulating.

Zanmu blushed, squeezing her legs together. Time to go to one of the bathrooms. This was always a problem for Zanmu in these gatherings. She was known as a very Oni-like Oni. She was powerful, she was intelligent, and she could drink most other Oni under the table. Yet Zanmu had been born a human. There was still a sense of shame that had not yet eroded in her five hundred years of life.

Standing in a toilet line was not an option for her. So many eyes that respected her, watching and knowing what she needed to do; it was mortifying. And even though she turned a blind eye to the idea of people skipping the lines and using the corners of her hallways, she simply wouldn't do such a thing herself.

Thankfully, she had left the upstairs of her mansion off-limits. She had her own personal toilet, and she always used that during the previous parties she had thrown. All she needed to do was excuse herself.

“Ooooh Zanmuuu~ ❤️”

It would have to wait though, because Zanmu’s personal assistant, Hisami Yomotsu, had appeared. Like a looming shadow, she simply manifested into the King’s sight.

She was a very tall woman, wearing a purple dress and a purple flower hat that covered her eyes nearly entirely. Such a getup made her look vaguely like an eggplant, though Zanmu would never admit so.

“Oh, what is it, Hisami?” Zanmu said nonchalantly. While there was a dull fullness between Zanmu’s legs, it wasn’t so bad that it could annoy her.

“You’ve been challenged to a drinking competition by that devious challenger over there,” Hisami said, nearly salivating at every word she spoke to her King. Gesturing with her gloved hands to an Oni standing proudly with his friends, she continued, “I’m certain you’ll trounce him entirely ❤️”

Hisami’s speaking as though it was predetermined that Zanmu would accept wasn’t unfounded. Countless times had the King been challenged to contests by her subjects, seeking clout under the chance they could win. Whether it was a contest of strength or alcohol, she never refused. Refusal would harm the respect she carried that allowed her to keep her status.

“Oh, sure. Clear a table for us, then.” Zanmu stretched her back in preparation.

“Oh yes, you can order me around anyway you see fit. I’ll do anything, no matter how shameless.” Hisami clasped her hands together, drooling.

“Then you should do it, now,” Zanmu said, narrowing her eyes, irritated at having to repeat herself.

“Mmmhhhmmhhhm.” Hisami giggled at the mild reprimand, skipping off to clear a table.

Zanmu and the challenger followed her to a table that had a large assortment of melon dishes, all seated on silver trays decorated with designs of human skulls. Hisami then proceeded to knock every dish off the table; the food splattering on the ground and the plates shattering into dozens of pieces.

“It’s cle-ared!” Hisami beamed proudly, gesturing at the now-empty table.

“And so it is.” Zanmu smiled. She then sat down as her challenger sat opposite, placing her elbows on the table and her hands on her chin.

“Welcome everyone to an infinite gourd drinking contest!” Hisami raised her hands up as she spoke to the crowd that had amassed around them. “For any newcomers here, the rules are simple~ You drink, and you don’t stop until your opponent has ceased consciousness!”

As the crowd cheered, some of Zanmu’s servants came out with a surplus of sake, setting the dishes on the table as Zanmu eyed the clear liquid of the first drink. Sure, she had to go a little, but it was nothing she couldn’t handle. Soon she would reign victorious, and then she could retreat to be on her own for a bit.

“Ready~” Hisami called out. “Set… Go!”

Zanmu and her challenger grabbed the dishes and downed them with gusto. The hell sake burned in Zanmu’s throat, a pleasant pain for her. Within a few seconds, both her and her opponent’s dishes were empty. For a brief second, their eyes locked, the opponent giving her a confident grin and Zanmu responding back with a smug smile.

She grabbed the next closest dish to her, downing its contents as fast as she could. This time, as the warm liquid coursed through her body, another warm liquid inside of her made itself known. A small pang resounded through her body, making Zanmu close her thighs together for just a moment before unclenching them. Aside from that, she let off no sign of distress. She was not going to let anyone see any weakness, no matter how much she drank.

An hour soon passed, an hour of nonstop alcohol consumption for Zanmu. Were she still human, this amount of booze would have surely killed her, but Oni live for alcohol. The magical nature of Yokai like Zanmu allows them to absorb an incredible amount of liquid that they drink, but Oni specifically have it the best, allowing them to drink gallons upon gallons of booze with only a mild amount of liquid remaining in their bodies.

Yet, for all she could handle, her bladder was still affected. The liquid she held inside had nearly doubled. What had been an occasional squeezing of her legs together had turned into Zanmu having her legs fully crossed at this point. Her sobriety was at least sixty percent intact. Considering Oni usually operate at seventy percent sobriety in their daily lives, this meant she was doing just fine.

As for her opponent, he was sweaty, rocking around in his seat in a drunken haze. He rubbed his face to try and regain his composure, but he looked nothing like Zanmu. This did not mean he was about to throw in the towel. He picked up his dish and began to drink once more.

Zanmu did the same. Down below, her abdomen begged her to stop, knowing it wasn’t ready for the reservoir of liquid that was going to be added to its overflowing tank. She tilted her head back and drank every last drop.

That was it for her opponent. As he mimicked her actions, he fell backwards in his chair, landing on his back to pass out in a drunken stupor. The crowd erupted into a roar of cheers and clapping. Once again, their King stood triumphant.

Zanmu took a deep breath and wiped off the traces of sake on her lips. Overall it hadn’t been too much of an ordeal for her. Had her opponent been one of the famous Oni of former Hell, like Suika Ibuki or Yuugi Hoshiguma, she would most likely have been floored. But despite her victory, she was at a point where she couldn’t put off her bladder anymore.

She stood from her chair, and started to walk towards the direction of the stairway to her living chambers when Hisami ran into her from the side, hugging Zanmu’s hip with a blushing expression. Such force made Zanmu hiss in response, her mighty piddle tank jostled by the sudden force.

“Wonderful work as always Lady Zanmu~” Hisami salivated from excitement, having watched every moment of the contest with bated breath.

“Yes, well thank you, Hisami, but I need to leave for a moment.” Zanmu responded, pushing the other woman off her hip. “Could you make sure nothing catches fire while I am gone?”

“Too late~”

“What.” Zanmu said breathlessly.

“Just look at Chiyari~”

Zanmu looked around Hisami and saw Chiyari, a yokai who could only be described as “Something” with a long horn protruding from her forehead. In front of her was another Oni who was on his hands and knees in pain. Flames seemed to emanate from under his skin as Chiyari seemed to be chanting something.

Zanmu would have run over to Chiyari in a situation like this, but considering her bladder, she instead lightly jogged.

“Chiyari, what are you doing?” she asked in a way not too dissimilar from a parent who caught their child stealing from the cookie jar.

Chiyari jumped in her seat and gave a little yelp. She looked over to Zanmu and smiled at her. She was currently missing a tooth and had a black eye.

“Oh hey Zan. So I tripped and fell. And my horn poked this guy. I said I was sorry, but he started to attack me. So you know, I just kinda, set his blood on fire.”

“You set his blood on fire.”

“Yes.” Chiyari said flatly. “I mean if I can manipulate blood and fire-”

“I know you can do that Chiyari.”

“Oh cool.”

“Can you stop, Chiyari?”

“Oh sure, whatever you say.”

Chiyari put her hands down and the Oni collapsed to the floor, still obviously in pain, but less so.

“You can defend yourself, Chiyari, but you were at least ten seconds away from murder.” Zanmu said, pinching the bridge of her nose with her legs held tightly together.

“Yeah, Toutsetsu has me do that a lot.” Chiyari responded casually.

“Please don’t kill anyone in my house. That’s my one rule.”

“Sure, his blood’s not worth drinking anyways.”

“Thank you, Chiyari.”

“Sure, friend.”

That was good enough for Zanmu. By that point, she longed to dig her hands into her crotch to alleviate the dullness she felt down below, and she spun on her heel to once more begin to walk to her staircase. This time, her pace was brisk. Luckily so, as she narrowly avoided a chicken goddess tripping and falling into her, who she simply let her fall to the floor as she made it to the staircase.

Zanmu continued her brisk pace up her large stairwell. Each and every step jostled her bladder as she struggled to maintain her composure. Her hands were firmly balled up at her sides. She wanted to move them, but she couldn’t; not until she was certain there would be no eyes on her.

Finally, after what felt like a trip up an endless stairwell, Zanmu made it to the top. She then slipped into a side hallway from this door at the top.

Zanmu leaned back against a wall, sweating from the immense pressure she was under. Finally she could firmly place her hands against her crotch, but by this point it only barely alleviated the boundless pressure below. Then she cupped her face in her hands and took in a deep breath before lowering them again and whispering “Gods help me.”

“You rang?” A voice then calls out from her left.

Zanmu looked over to a woman with red hair. In her left hand was an orb resembling Earth’s moon connected by a chain to her choker. In her right was a model of the Earth, itself on a similar chain. On top of the hat she wore was another chained orb that was a mix of red and purple. She was Hecatia, the goddess of hell. Also known as Freaky T-shirt weirdo.

“You’re not supposed to be up here,” Zanmu said in a dry yet astonished way.

“Fufu,” Hecatia laughed. “This is my realm, is it not?”

“That doesn’t give you a right to my personal chambers.”

“Ah, perhaps. But I was just looking for my fairy assistant, Clownpiece. If you see her, you’ll know her from the red, white, and blue that she wears. That, and the improvised explosive devices she’s come across,” Hecatia said, sashaying past Zanmu.

“Oh lovely,” Zanmu responded dryly. A dry attitude was needed when one was afraid of getting wet. She also made a note to expel that fairy from the upper floors as soon as she could find relief.

“Good luck in your endeavors. The bathroom is down the hall to your left. You look as though you need it,” Hecatia called out as she walked further and further from Zanmu.

“I know where my bathroom is,” Zanmu said with a hint of annoyance in her voice, a sweat drop rolling down her brow as she straightened herself up and began to walk again.

Zanmu ran past the corner and down her hallway, hands fully in her crotch as she moved. Yet she didn’t get far before meeting another person who shouldn’t be up there.

A girl in a green, yellow, and blue dress stood in front of Zanmu, her face fraught with anxiety as she stood doubled over in a state not unlike Zanmu’s. Her monkey tail swished frantically as she saw Zanmu. “Ah! Z-Zanmu…” Her voice quivered. “I-I… the toilets were full, a-and-”

“You tried to find mine, Biten.”

“I…” Biten looked away. “It would be an embarrassment for Wukong’s reincarnation to be seen waiting…”

“Y-Yes, it would be embarrassing, wouldn’t it?” Zanmu responded. Son Biten was not actually the reincarnation of Sun Wukong, but it was in Zanmu’s interests for her to stay delusional. In that sense, she never confirmed nor denied it in front of her, so she would speak no lies.

“Um… I-” Biten fidgeted in place, trying to say something.

“You can use mine when I’m done,” Zanmu assured her.

“I can’t move…” Biten whispered. “W-What do I do, Zanmu? I don’t want to wet myself!” She said, despair in her voice.

Zanmu sighed at Biten’s predicament. One bursting bladder was bad enough. Now she had to deal with two? For that, she made a quick offer.

“You can pee here.”

“Eh?”

“Right here. I’ll have Hisami clean it up.”

“I-I can’t! I don’t want someone else to touch it!”

“It’s either that or she cleans up the puddle while you stand there nude because you wet yourself. Surely one option is better than the other?”

Biten stood for a bit, contemplating the options before gasping. “Ah! Wet! Uuuu… fine…” She relented.

“Good. I’ll see you later.” Zanmu said as she started to walk off.

Though it wasn’t four steps before Zanmu heard a “Wait!”

“What?” Zanmu responded.

“...Hold my hand?” Biten said, eyes wide and pleading.

Zanmu turned back and stared at Biten who was shaking in her sandals. She decided it would be easier to humor her request than to hear her cries as she walked away.. “...Fine.” Zanmu said, sighing and offering her hand.

“Thank you…” Biten said quietly, blushing as she took the hand.

Biten squatted down, reaching under her dress with her free hand and taking her bloomers to her ankles. Then, the free hand lifted her dress up enough to stay clear of the splash zone, but luckily not high enough that Zanmu could see any of her delicate bits.

Zanmu bounced on her toes as she saw Biten prepare herself for relief. She closed her eyes and tried to think dry thoughts. Deserts, fire, Hisami’s cakes. Anything to keep her mind off of-

“Ah~”

Zanmu heard Biten let out a sound of relief. Soon a hissing sound emanated from Zanmu’s left.

“Aaaaa~”

Zanmu couldn’t help it. She opened her eyes to see a pale-yellow stream flowing from Biten’s dress and falling to her red carpeted floor. It was torture.

The pee made no sound as it initially stained the carpet, turning the red into an even darker red, but soon a muffled pattering sound joined the hissing and Biten’s sighs of relief.

“Mmmngh…”

Zanmu started to make weird noises herself. Her bladder screamed for release, just as the monkey next to her had gotten. She had to cover her mouth with her right hand just to silence herself.

“Ngh!”

And then her ironclad defenses failed her. A single powerful jet shot into Zanmu’s bloomers, soaking into the thick white fabric and creating a quarter-sized wet spot on her crotch.

“T-Thank you,” Zanmu then heard from beside her.

Zanmu might’ve said “You’re welcome”, but she saw that Biten had finally tapered off, and as the girl sat there panting, Zanmu shook her hand out of their union and started to walk away.

“Wait! Don’t you also have to?”

“I won’t!” Zanmu yelled out as she started to dash towards her bathroom. Even after all she did to help Biten, she still refused to be seen with her trousers down.

As she ran, Zanmu brought her hands up the bottom of her blouse. She always kept her pants very high-waisted, to the point where the top of her pants started right below her breasts. She fiddled with it as the door to her bathroom came in sight, and thankfully, she got it undone.

She slowed her pace as another leak rushed into her bloomers, expanding the yellowing stain. Zanmu hissed in frustration, but finally got to her door.

She turned the doorknob, but something odd happened.

Zanmu heard a click that never happened when turning that knob before.

The doorway in front of Zanmu exploded in a burst of fire, knocking her back with enough force to throw her into the wall behind her, denting it. Thankfully, an Oni’s body was very durable, and the entire ordeal barely hurt.

As for Zanmu’s bladder, she had landed on her rear. She tried her best to get up. She truly did. But that was the last straw.

A strong hissing noise erupted beneath Zanmu. In seconds, a warm deluge of shame soaked Zanmu’s crotch and rear. Her overtaxed and overfilled bladder had simply had enough. The puffy bloomers Zanmu wore did their best to soak up the torrent, but failed. The stain on her shorts formed low, gravity pulling the flowing urine to roll down her rear.

Soon enough the warm liquid form into a small puddle in the carpet that grew slightly larger every second, drenching her rear in her piss, forcing the soggy material of her bloomers to feel hot and squishy underneath her.

“Oooohhh…”

Despite the burning shame, Zanmu couldn’t help but moan. Finally, salvation from the pressures she had wracked upon herself, all coming out in a torrent in her shorts. Her head tilted back and her eyes closed as she went along this embarrassing ride, the ammonic stain on her carpet having grown to twice her width. All the long while her mind blanked from the sheer release she experienced.

Soon, she felt her own stream growing weaker, where she finally tapered off, and was left panting in the rapidly-cooling puddle of her own making.

“Hah… Hah…”

And then another voice rang out.

“Ahahahhahahaha~”

Zanmu opened her eyes and lowered her head to look in front of her. On the ground, just outside the reach of her accident, was a fairy, rolling around in pure laughter.

“Oh my gosh! You peed yourself!”

This fairy wore a jester’s hat, as well as a shirt and leggings patterned after the American flag. This was Clownpiece.

“Ahahaha-huh?” Clownpiece ceased laughing and opened her eyes as she felt something grab her foot.

Zanmu slammed the fairy into the wall next to her, knocking her out cold.

And so she still sat there panting with an unconscious fairy next to her. She’d have to make sure nowhere else was booby-trapped.

“Ah! Lady Zanmu. What has happened?”

Hisami appeared at Zanmu’s side, where she embraced her tightly, not caring (and even secretly enjoying) that the bottom part of her dress was getting soaked in Zanmu’s pee.

“Oh, fairy troubles. You know.” Zanmu responded, lacking energy.

“I’ll let you step on me if it’ll make you feel better.” Hisami said warmly.

“No Hisami, I’d rather have a bath. But please don’t run it with cold water again. I’ll have to punish you if you do so again.”

With that prompting, Hisami got up, a strange lewd look on her face.

“Right away~”

Girls are now undressing

A few minutes later, Zanmu was in her second, non-destroyed bathroom, entirely naked. Her clothes were being washed, so she could take her bath in peace.

“I guess I can skip my bimonthly bath after this one,” she mused to herself with her eyes closed before sliding into the water. But then her eyes shot open.

The water was freezing cold.

