This thief really should have used the bathroom before the heist...

Author: bladderboi

*000*2024-08-27 02:51

There was absolutely no way Daniella could mess this job up. She was one of the most notorious burglars in the city, well known for pulling off some of the best heists people have ever heard of. She had earned the nickname, Dani "the Swift Bandit". She was impossible to catch, even mocking the authorities by leaving notes behind calling them "too slow" or "try again next time". That was just the kind of thief she was, playful, fast and very confident in her craft.

Albeit, maybe TOO confident in her craft.

You see, today was a simple job. There was a very small bank that Dani had been watching for a little while now. Low security, cheap surveillance, not much foot traffic and low staffed. She even checked their security blueprints and even IF a lock down would occur, it would be hilariously easy to get out of. Only a novice could mess it up, and she far from a rookie. They were begging to be hit. Dani typically aims for much bigger targets to rob, it was what she had become known for. Sometimes though, you just want to have a little fun and go for an easy job. To her, robbing these guys will be no big deal. Little did she know though, it was actually in fact, a very big deal.

"This'll be easy, like taking candy from a baby."

Dani smiled after finishing guzzling down her large water bottle. She looked herself in the mirror, admiring her hourglass physique. She boasted having fairly large breasts and a pronounced juicy ass for her slim athletic size. She worked out all the time to keep up her thieving skills. For her outfit for the day, she wore white panties with red hearts on them. Then she slipped on a pair of black semi baggy cargo pants and a tight long black sleeve shirt that her nipples poked through. All hugging her gorgeous body in the right places. She then wrapped a black bandana around her forehead, adjusting her long bright blond hair into a ponytail. She was so damn gorgeous she couldn't help herself. She then left her room to continue readying up downstairs, leaving her utility belt on her bed.

She shifted her weight a little as she stood, she hadn't peed yet this morning and after drinking her two large bottles of water, all of it was hitting her. Normally, she would totally use the bathroom before leaving. But this is a pretty lousy bank she was going to rob, low security, dumb clerks; it'd be really quick and she can pee after the job is done she thought. She grabbed her mask, and chugged another bottle of water to quench her nerves and grabbed her big bag of thieve equipment. She then locked up and loaded herself and her filling bladder into her car.

As she drove over, she'd squirm a little in her seat, all of the water sitting in her bladder weighing her down a bit. Each bump on the road jostling her bladder and making her need much worse. When she'd stop at red lights, she'd occasionally jam her free hand into her crotch to give it a quick squeeze to relieve the pressure. Rubbing her thighs together, the material of her cargo pants made an audible rustling sound. Whenever she'd move around, her butt rubbed against the leather of her car seat making a noise every time she moved. These sounds and the need to piss making her think twice on skipping her potty break.

As she arrived at the bank, she felt the nagging of her bladder, all the water sloshing inside of her as she stepped out of her car. Her stomach poking out a little in her tight black top. "Oof, maybe I should have peed before I came... this is kinda bad...," Dani thought, giving herself another quick squeeze. She shook her head, "Nah, I can hold it, this'll be easy as pie." She said to herself, putting her mask on and preparing her gun, hidden in her pack.

The sound of her bladder continuing it's sloshing as she walked, making itself known. She entered into the bank, and immediately pulled out her gun. In rush of adrenaline, she shouted, taking command of the scene, "Alright, nobody MOVE!! This is a HOLD up!" she had her gun raised, intermittently pointing it at the small crowd of patrons and bank staff.

She made her way to the bank tellers, dropping her duffel bag on the counter. "I want you guys to fill that bag up, all the cash you can! Make it quick!" Dani ordered, occasionally raising her leg up and squeezing her knees together, doing a subtle potty dance in between her orders.

"Okay! okay! Just relax and don't hurt us!" one of the tellers responded while hastily shuffling their keys.

"I won't if you hurry up and fill the bag!" Dani yelled, squeezing her thighs together really quick and hopping a little in place.

The bank itself was your average looking bank, not much to really write home about. As Dani looked around, one of the features that stood out to her was that it had a large fancy fountain on the wall that sported a big waterfall. It was loud and audacious for the space, creating a thunderous running water sound that reminded Dani of her busting need.

While taking a glance at the gushing water of the fountain, Dani crossed her legs, bending at the knee. "Hey! Can you guys hurry it up? I got places I uh...really gotta be! And uh... can you turn off that fountain??" Dani aggressively asked, while walking on the spot, keeping her gun up with one hand and the other in a tight fist against her leg, trying not to grab her crotch in front of everyone.

The bank tellers frazzled, "Oh, sorry miss, we don't know how to shut off the fountain! I assure you we're going as fast as we can! The locks were all recently changed! Uh...Are you alright? Would you like something to drink maybe?" the teller asked, looking her up and down, while the burglar was quite sexy, she was moving rather odd. Quite opposite the kind of a movement you'd think a robber would have.

"N-No! I'm fine, a drink is the last thing I need. Just make this quick! I really gotta go!!" She quickly responded, her bladder getting to a busting point so she shifted a bit and gave her crotch a swift grab while bouncing up and down a little. "Normally this kinda thing isn't a problem for me, but all of that running water is really making this hard ya know?" She added, crossing and recrossing her legs, keeping her free hand jammed into her crotch in front of everyone. At this point, she was doing full blown potty dance.

Everyone in the bank had hushed chuckles.

The teller realizing what is going on, "Oh uh well...we could let you GO to the restroom, if you let all of us GO?" said one of the tellers, attempting to bargain with the full bladder burglar.

Dani blushed under her mask, rather embarrassed that her desperate need is now fully known to everyone. She has never been caught in a predicament like this before. Here she was supposed to be in power and now she's praying for the tellers to hurry so she doesn't piss herself in front of everyone. "Absolutely not! I'm here for the money, just make this quick and I can head on my way!... and go pee..." She muttered, her gun toting juxtaposed to her knock knees and rubbing her thighs together.

The tellers, fully aware of her predicament, now decided to take their sweet time loading the money into her bag. Dani would do any kind of different way to hold back her full bursting bladder. She'd cross and recross her legs. Run on the spot, full on grab her crotch and lift each leg up and down. Bouncing up and down on the spot, shifting her weight from foot to foot. She was completely embarrassing herself in front of everyone at this point, she was really regretting her decision to pee AFTER the heist. A very clear setback in her planning all things considered.

The sound of the gushing water from the waterfall just taunting her, reminding her of how badly she needed to pee. In between all of her jostling, one of the tellers pressed a button underneath the counter while she was distracted. Dani straightened up and moved to the tellers' desk, her cargo pants making audible rubbing sounds as she shifted around, squeezing her thighs together. "Hey! C'monnnnn! It's been like 5 minutes already! Let's go!" She pleaded, tapping both hands on the counter, bouncing at the knees.

The motion of her bouncing and moving around had caused her black cargo pants to start sagging. She had forgotten to wear the utility belt she had planned due to her being too distracted by how attractive she was. As her pants slowly started to fall, her heart printed underwear was revealed to the world.

"C'mon guys! Seriously! Don't you know who I am? I'm one of the biggest thieves in this city! You really should be hurrying this up! I'm Dani the Swift Bandit! C'mon I'm a BIG deal!" She demanded, potty dancing a little more as her pants lowered below her hips, her pants sagging and showing her ass to everyone. The heart printed panties of hers for all to see.

She dug her hand into her crotch again, her fingers against the soft fabric of her white panties. She whimpered a little, her pants falling to her knees, meeting her bare thighs rubbing together. Everyone began laughing at her as she blushed a deep red underneath her mask. She went to grab her pants, the adrenaline and forward movement caused her to trip over her own pants.

The accomplished thief fell over on herself, her body hitting the floor, her juicy supple ass poking upwards facing everyone, giving them all a clear view of her funny heart print underwear. They all continued to laugh at her, getting quite the show. The fear they had of her, now just turning into amusement at her expense.

"Quit laughing at me! I'm a big deal!!" Daniella tried picking herself and her pants back up, her trousers now completely at her ankles. She tripped up again, her black sneakers getting caught on the insides of her cargo pants, making a storm of ruffling and squeaking noises of the rubber of the sols of her sneakers meeting against the marble floor. The sounds creating a symphony of her own humiliation. She tripped and fell over herself again. Finally getting up one last time, her pants just at her ankles, she kept her gun pointing forward at the tellers. One hand grabbing her crotch, she was squirming in place again, having peed a little from all the commotion.

Tiny little driblets of piss hit the floor. The teasing persisted. "You okay there? Miss 'Big deal'?" one of the bank tellers mockingly asked. "Someone forgot her belt!" "Nice underwear!" Just a slew of insults, she was now the butt of the joke and lost all authority she once had.

She shuffled up, completely red, picking up her pants while standing completely still to not fall over. "Whatever you have, just put it in the bag, give me the money, I'll be gone!" She demanded.

"Uh huh, we're sure you'd like that." The teller responded in between their laughs, not taking her seriously anymore. One of the other tellers looked at her, and began pouring a large bottle of water into a glass cup, it loudly filling up in front of her.

"Aw c'mon, more water?" Dani grimaced, as she squeezed her crotch with both hands and pee danced in place, begging the tellers to hurry up so she could leave and use the bathroom.

The tellers were enjoying the show, seeing this big time robber completely at their mercy. She had to pee so badly, dancing around in front of them, her cargo pants barely hanging on and showing her silly looking underwear to everyone.

She bounced in place, bent over, both hands jammed into her crotch squeezing the flood gates for dear life. The pee just trickling at her fingertips. Her boobs bouncing up and down with her movements, her nipples piercing through the thin fabric of her tight top. She whimpered some more. They were finally done with her bag, nice and full of cash, but not as full as her bladder.

"Finally... Now I can take this and I can go and find a bathroo-" She said to herself but being immediately grabbed from behind. While she was completely distracted by all of her dancing around, one of the patrons snuck up behind her and restrained her from behind.

"Hold it!" One of them shouted.

"I'm trying!! Let me go!" Dani pleaded but it was too late, her show of weakness left a blind spot for the patrons to exploit. Once one guy grabbed her and she couldn't shake him off, others then piled in to restrain her and take away her weapons.

"Quick get some rope!" one of the patrons shouted, "We got some in the back hold on!" a teller responded. In one quick motion, the entire energy in the bank changed, Dani was now fully at the mercy of the people she once had power over only minutes ago.

They bound and hog tied her, bent over facing away from them. Her pants at her ankles from the tussle and her thin shirt torn a bit at the top, giving her extremely distracting cleavage. They had unmasked her, showing her absolutely gorgeous face, stunning blue eyes, beautiful doll like features, juicy red lips. There was no way someone like her could be real, but here she was. Her juicy ass pointing up at full display to them again, she squirmed and wiggled her butt at the group of patrons and bank tellers. Completely tied up on the ground, humiliated and absolutely bursting for a piss, completely at their mercy. She was desperately trying to hold back the flood gates and keep any remaining shreds of dignity she had left.

But it was no use.

Her full bladder fully busted, as her dams broke and she pissed all over herself. The yellow water just cascading down her ass and thighs, pooling below her knees. She pissed so much that the puddle expanded, soaking her breasts that were against the ground and her face. She got completely soaked in her own piss. Everyone pointed and laughed at her, hollering until she was completely emptied, a drenched shadow of her former self. The police coming and taking her away would be a blessing, she prayed for them to show up to take her away from this. It was a cruel twist of fate that the police took as long as they did to show up. What would have normally been great for her, was a nightmare. The laughs and humiliation tearing her down to her bone. She was no longer the thief she once was.

The police did eventually show up after fifteen minutes. Everything became a fuzzy haze for Dani, she got picked up by the police and thrown into the cop car. Her career in robbery now robbed from her, the very task she thought was gonna be easy had thwarted her. Maybe next time, she'll use the bathroom before leaving the house.

*002*2024-08-27 19:17

Thanks for the interest! This is the first story I posted here (been a long time lurker!) and a sequel is possible! I'm sure Dani could figure a way out of prison and take revenge on the people who humiliated her. Hopefully without soiling herself in the process haha

