Fairy Tail - Juvia`s First Pee

Author: Bulge_Lover

*000*2016-01-25 15:45

Juvia Lockser sat at her table, one hand drumming on her knee and the other twisting through her deep blue hair. As usual, the Guild Hall was loud and lively, with shouts and laughter filling the large room. Juvia ignored it all, her eyes set only on Gray Fullbuster. The shirtless man stood in front of the job board, squinting as he looked over the available missions one by one. Finally, he grasped one of the papers and yanked it from the board. He turned to face the din, glancing around until he spotted the blonde he was looking for.

“Oy, Lucy!” Gray yelled over the noise. “We've got a job in Hargeon. The request says that someone broke into a magic shop and did something to the items, they're messing with people's magic power.”

“Oh?” Lucy sounded as she stood up from her table, patting down her light green skirt. “Shouldn't we wait for the others? Where are they, anyway?”

“Well,” Gray sighed, “the Master told me that Erza left for an S-Class mission in the middle of the night, and as soon as Natsu heard, he and Happy took off after her. I don't even know where they are. This seems simple enough at least. You coming or what?”

“Yeah, I suppose,” Lucy agreed. “It's just that I've never been on a job with only two people...”

“You scared?” Gray taunted her. “If it makes you feel better, we'll bring someone else strong with us. HEY, MIRA-”

“JUVIA WILL COME!” Juvia suddenly shouted, shoving herself in front of Gray so quickly that Lucy could have sworn it was Teleportation magic if she didn't know any better. “Hargeon is near the water so Juvia's power will be even stronger, and Juvia couldn't stand Gray going on a mission alone with...HER,” Juvia quickly ranted out, staring angrily at Lucy, who could only smile awkwardly and shake her head in return.

“Sounds fine to me,” Gray said, sliding past Juvia towards the Guild's front door.

“If you're going outside, at least put some clothes on...” Lucy mumbled, noticing that Gray had abandoned his pants at some point and was now in his underwear.

***************

It was an uneventful trip to Hargeon. Without Natsu and his motion sickness to entertain them, the train ride was quiet and slow. Lucy was keeping busy playing with Plue, Gray was staring blankly out the window, and Juvia was staring blankly at Gray. Finally, the train began to slow and it creaked into the station at Hargeon. The passengers stood up stretching and made their way to the exits. The platform was crowded and Juvia kept getting knocked around by passing pedestrians, her eyes still locked on Gray. They stumbled out of the crowd and Gray dug the request sheet from his pocket to check the address.

Juvia's stare flipped to Lucy for a moment as the blonde girl sighed. She was leaning against the platform wall with one leg held tightly across the other. “I need to use the bathroom here before we go anywhere,” Lucy stated, staring across the platform at the brick restroom near the exit. “Juvia, come with me?”

“Why?” Juvia said simply, looking back to Gray.

“Well we were on that train for hours, don't you have to pee?” Lucy asked.

“Juvia's body is made out of water, she is superior to Lucy and does not do that,” Juvia said smugly.

Lucy sighed. “Either way, it's just polite for girls to go together. Come on.” Lucy was bouncing in place now, her short skirt floofing about with her movements.

“Go ahead, Juvia,” Gray mumbled absently. “I need to ask around about this address anyway, maybe buy a map. I don't know the street it's on.”

“Fine,” Juvia conceded. She followed Lucy towards the rectangular brick building and into the empty restroom, looking around the strange environment. She could count the times she had been inside a bathroom on less than one hand.

“Oh damn, I have to go so badly,” Lucy groaned once the door closed behind them. She folded her legs again and pressed two fists into her thighs.

“What does it feel like?” Juvia asked suddenly. “Having to do...that?”

“Wait, you were serious?” Lucy stammered as she lifted her skirt and grasped the sides of her light pink panties, still holding her legs together tightly. “You don't pee?”

“Juvia has no need to...she does not need to drink, or eat, or bathe, or anything. When Juvia needs to refresh herself, she just turns to water and back again and Juvia is good as new.”

“That's really amazing,” Lucy said. “I have a pretty small bladder, so I need to pee all the time...you asked how it feels? I don't know if I can explain it to someone who doesn't feel it. Look at me, you might be able to get some idea. A while after you drink, a pressure builds up right here.” Lucy patted her lower abdomen. “The longer you hold it in, the stronger the pressure gets. You start shaking and squirming and sweating. If you wait too long, it can even happen accidentally when your muscles just can't hold on anymore...thankfully that's never happened to me, but it's about to if I don't pee right now...my bladder feels like a rock.”

With that, Lucy slid her panties down and sat on the toilet. The spray of water hit Juvia's ears instantly, and Lucy's face went limp with relief. She moaned out loud and leaned forwards, closing her eyes.

“It looks like it feels good,” Juvia whispered. “Juvia wishes she could pee.”

Lucy laughed. “You're probably better off without it. It only feels good when you're really desperate and it can be very annoying sometimes. Being on a tough mission while I'm so full that I'm leaking in my underwear is not fun. Alright, I think I'm about done here...” Lucy exhaled as a few more spurts of her pee dripped into the toilet, and then she stood up, shook her bottom a little, and slid her panties back on. She let her skirt fall in place as she crossed to the door.

“Gray probably pees, Juvia should ask him what it's like as well,” Juvia mumbled excitedly as Lucy began to push the door open.

Lucy's face went red and she lightly punched Juvia's shoulder. “You can't do that!”

“Why not?”

“Well because, it's...it's private. You're not supposed to talk to people about it. It's embarrassing.”

“Juvia has been talking to Lucy about it for some time now,” Juvia stated defiantly.

“It's different for girls,” Lucy coughed. “We can talk about anything with each other, and it's alright to say you're going to the bathroom so you don't just wander off with no explanation, but you're supposed to try to keep it private when men are around.”

Juvia looked down and quickly nodded. “Juvia thanks you for telling her this. Juvia almost made a fool of herself in front of Gray. She will never ever mention peeing around him.”

Lucy sighed, then laughed again. “That's good. Anyway, lets go, he's probably got directions by now...”

They left the bathroom and glanced around the train station, looking around for Gray. It took them a long time to spot him as they hardly recognized him with a shirt on, but he was standing by the stairs struggling to fold a large map. He looked up as they approached, a small grin on his face. “Welcome back. I found the street, it's only a few blocks from here. This shouldn't take long, let's get moving.” Gray turned and took off up the stairs.

“Hey, wait for us!” Lucy shouted, running up after him with Juvia on her tail. They made it up the stairs and onto the streets, sprinting after Gray as he bolted through alleys and side streets. Finally they came to a halt, Lucy breathing heavily as Gray scanned the buildings.

“There,” Gray said, pointing at a small wooden building with a green sign that read: S.D.Magic - Defensive Spells and Magical Security. The three Wizards made their way across the road to the solid wooden door, where Gray tried the doorknob. It was locked. He knocked on the door, trying to peer in through the covered windows. “Hello? We're here from Fairy Tail to answer your request.”

At this, they heard a shuffle and seconds later a series of locks could be heard unlatching from the inside. Gray stepped back as the door opened towards him, and a young woman poked her head out and quickly waved them inside. “Thank you so much for coming,” the woman said. “My name is Heather, and I own this shop.”

“Good to meet you, Heather!” Lucy quipped happily. “I'm Lucy, this is Gray, and she's Juvia,” she finished, pointing at the others. “So what's going on? There's been a robbery?”

Heather performed a funny head movement, as though she attempted to nod and shake her head at the same time. “Yes, well- not really a robbery, actually. There was a break-in a couple of weeks ago, but he didn't steal anything. You see, our shop specializes in defensive magic that's intended to stun or distract attackers. I invented most of the products in here for my own use, and figured I could sell them to other people to use for self defense. However, this guy sabotaged a number of the products and followed the women who bought them, robbing them blind when the magic items backfired. I only caught wind of it a few days ago, there were five victims all because I wasn't paying enough attention...”

“Hey, don't do that,” Gray said. “You're not to blame here, the bastard who did this is. We'll catch him, I promise you that.”

“Ooohhhhh, Gray is so heroic!” Juvia howled, squishing herself up next to him.

He grinned awkwardly and tried to step away, looking at the items around the shop. “So what did he sabotage?” Gray asked.

“I've checked everything left in the store three times over,” Heather said. “The only ones left that he messed with are over here.” She pointed to a desk behind her with a few items on top of it. Gray walked past her and stared at the desk. There was a nondescript silver ring, a simple dark blue dress, and a brown purse. “As you can see, the items are designed to look plain and unassuming. Ornate products would simply make my customers a bigger target.”

“This is a good idea,” Gray said. “A lot of people without magic power could use these in this difficult world. Tell me, what does this dress do?” he asked, pointing at the blue garment.

“That's one of my more powerful and expensive products,” Heather explained. “When someone buys it, I use my own magic to lock it to that person. When someone else touches it, they're stunned, and if the attacker is a wizard, it actually suppresses their magic power for a time.”

Gray furrowed his brow. “That's dangerous magic,” he said. “Nobody should be able to shut down someone's magic power.”

“You have to understand,” Heather pleaded. “I designed these things to protect women from the worst kind of people. They have to be powerful, they have to be merciless, just like the people they're designed to stop. I never thought this would happen...”

“I do understand,” Gray sighed. “It just means that this is more serious than I thought. We'll take the dress, I know how we're going to catch this guy.”

************

“Juvia is still not sure that this is a good idea,” Juvia whined, fearfully eyeing her new outfit. “Why can't Lucy wear this?”

“You look better in blue,” Gray said shirtlessly, staring out the window at the dimming sun.

Juvia went red and folded her arms in front of her. “If Gray thinks she looks good, Juvia will wear whatever he likes,” Juvia chirped.

“You'll be safe, Juvia,” Gray assured her. “We'll stop him before he can even get near you.”

"Juvia will trust Gray," she said with a decisive nod. "It is nearly dark. Should Juvia go outside now?"

"Yeah. Just walk normally and follow the path we laid out for you." Over the past hour, Heather and Lucy had drawn a line on Gray's map that hit all the locations of the previous attacks. "Our target will see the dress and hopefully go after you. Lucy will have Gemini out for two extra pairs of eyes. As soon as he's spotted, we'll move in from three directions. You just try to keep away from him, don't try to fight. If he touches that dress, you'll be the one to suffer the effects. I doubt our enemy is very strong, but he must be able to use some kind of Enchantment magic. Don't underestimate him."

"Juvia understands. She will be the best bait she can be."

Gray nodded and watched as she opened the front door and stepped onto the silent road. He motioned to Lucy, who followed him up the stairs and out the second floor window onto the roof. Lucy summoned Gemini as quietly as she could manage, quickly explaining the situation to the two little spirits. They nodded and floated up into the air, scanning the streets for anything suspicious. The last few people on the street were making their way to their houses, and as Juvia began walking, she was alone.

Juvia had the street names repeating in her mind, following the turns and attempting to look casual. It was hard for her to keep her eyes forward, she had to fight the urge to keep looking over her shoulder. I have to trust Gray. He will protect me. Still, she shivered as she continued down the dark road with her eyes forward and her ears strained. She had already passed the locations of the first three attacks, and was approaching the third when she heard it.

Footsteps, rapidly approaching from the rear. Juvia kept her pace and closed her eyes, putting all her faith in Gray. The footsteps became louder and louder, when suddenly;

"HEEEY, JUVIA!"

Juvia nearly jumped out of her skin at the shout, spinning around to see Natsu Dragneel standing behind her. She exhaled slowly, trying to stop herself from shivering. "What is Natsu doing here? Juvia nearly died from fright..."

Natsu let out a barking laugh. "I couldn't find Erza, so when I got back to the guild, the Master told me where you all went so I had Happy fly me over here as fast as he could."

The head of the small blue cat poked over Natsu's right shoulder with an exhausted, halfhearted "Aye~"

At that, Juvia looked up to see Gray and Lucy sliding off the rooftops nearby. They stormed over, glaring, and Natsu looked between them with confusion on his face. "What?"

"You ruined our sting," Lucy shouted. "We were using Juvia to lure a thief out into the open and you just blew it, Natsu!"

"You mean that thief?" Natsu quipped, pointing towards a nearby alley with his thumb. The others followed his point, seeing a small man in a dark cloak laying in an unconscious heap against the stone wall. "I saw him following you from the alleys while we were flying over the town. I didn't know who he was, but he looked shady so I beat him up anyway."

"Heh, that's Natsu for ya' I guess," Lucy mumbled.

Gray just shook his head and stomped over to the unconscious man, pulling him up by the hood and slapping him awake. "Oy, are you the one that sabotaged the items over at S.D.Magic?"

"Yeb, imm sorby," the man choked out through his swollen face.

Gray sighed and let him fall back to the ground. "Natsu, bring him to the soldiers. The rest of us will go back to the shop and tell Heather, the shopkeeper, that we took care of the thief."

"Fine, fine," Natsu said dismissively. "I just got here and you already want me to drag some guy around. Anyway, sorry for scaring you, Juvia. You alright?" With that, and before anyone could think to stop him, Natsu gave Juvia a friendly pat on her back.

"DON'T TOUCH HER!" Gray and Lucy roared together, but it was far too late. Natsu stumbled backwards as there was a flash of blinding yellow light, and Juvia was face-down on the ground, her arms twitching.

"Juvia!" Gray knelt down and turned her over by her exposed arms, being careful not to touch the dress.

"It's okay to touch it now," Lucy breathed. "Heather said the enchantment only works once, it's just clothes now. It was meant to stun anyone around, but it was redirected to Juvia..."

"Juuuvia meee," Juvia moaned, her eyes hazy and unfocused.

"Ugh, she's completely done for a bit,” Lucy sighed. “Heather said the stun can last up to ten minutes. Gray, pick her up and let's get back to the store. Natsu, I would love to slap you for this, but I know it wasn't really your fault. Just take the thief to the soldiers before he wakes up."

Natsu nodded with his mouth hanging a little open, still not quite sure what was going on. "Is Juvia alright?"

"She will be in a little while," Lucy said. "We gotta get her back to the creator of this spell, maybe she can break it. We'll meet you back at the guild."

"Ah...alright," Natsu said. "Come on, Happy..."

Gray watched as Natsu and his tired cat lugged the criminal down the road, then he knelt down and took Juvia into his arms. "Even though she's unconscious, she feels really light," Gray said softly as he began to walk.

"Heh," Lucy exhaled. "If she wakes up now, she'll just pass out again when she sees you're carrying her."

Gray chuckled. "I just hope Heather can fix her up."

They stayed silent as they made their way back to S.D.Magic, where Gray motioned for Lucy to knock on the door. She did so, and Heather answered quickly, gasping as she spotted Juvia. "Oh no, what happened? Was she attacked?

"Not exactly," Gray sighed. "We caught the bastard, another of our friends is bringing him to the army right now for arrest, but Juvia was affected by the dress."

"Well, she'll be fine..." Heather started. "She should regain consciousness in a couple minutes. However, the suppression of her magic power will last well longer than that, it depends on the victim's body type. She's a small woman, so it could last up to two days. I can mix up a tonic that will likely cut that in half." She turned and jogged into the back room, from which Gray and Lucy could hear the sounds of glasses clanking together.

"Meeuh," Juvia whispered suddenly. "Where is Juvia? What happened to her?"

Gray knelt down next to her. "We're back at S.D.Magic. Natsu showed up out of nowhere and touched the dress, and it knocked you out. I'm sorry I couldn't stop it, but I didn't realize Natsu would do that. How do you feel?"

"Gray is concerned for Juvia...she is so happy," Juvia mumbled, her eyes still unfocused. "Juvia feels alright-"

"Done!" Heather chirped, striding back towards them with a giant jar of blueish liquid held between her hands. "This tonic will help you recover much faster. You should have your magic power back in full by tomorrow evening, but you have to drink it all," she said, handing the huge jar to Juvia.

"Juvia thanks you," Juvia said, bowing her head to Heather. She started sipping at the liquid as Gray and Lucy told Heather exactly what happened.

"Well make sure this Natsu guy gets a cut of the pay," Heather ordered. "Here you go, fifty thousand Jewels. I'm sorry I can't pay you more, but of course I had to refund all the women who bought the sabotaged merchandise. Please, feel free to stay the night."

"Thank you, Heather," Lucy said with a bow. "We'll be out of your hair as soon as we can."

They followed Heather upstairs to her home above the shop, where she pointed them into a guest room with a clean hardwood floor and two beds. Juvia had finished her large tonic and handed the empty jar back to Heather, thanking her again. They entered the room and closed the door.

"Ugh, Juvia has never drank that much," Juvia breathed. "Juvia is tired."

"Only two beds," Lucy pointed out.

Juvia's face went red and lit up at the same time. "Would...would Gray like to share with Juvia? She does not want to sleep next to Lucy...Lucy kicks."

"Hey!"

Juvia ignored Lucy's interruption. "There is no couch and the floor is wood, it would be very uncomfortable..."

Lucy looked between Gray and Juvia awkwardly. "I'm...going to the bathroom," Lucy mumbled, sliding out of the room quickly. Gray just shrugged and nodded at Juvia. He plopped down on the bed nearest the window, rolling over to face the wall.

Juvia couldn't believe what was happening. She gingerly sat down next to Gray, then laid down on her back. "Juvia is so glad to be here with Gray," she whispered. "Gray does have to face the wall. He can face Juvia if he would like to. She does not mind."

"It's alright," Gray said. "I usually sleep this direction anyway." What Juvia didn't know was that he usually slept on his back, but doing so would expose the bulge in the front of his pants.

Juvia closed her eyes. She felt an faint, unfamiliar tingle inside her belly, and she attributed it to her excitement from being so close to Gray. Lucy came back in and took her own bed. A few minutes later, Juvia was asleep.

****************

A thin beam of sunlight shone through the curtains, falling across Juvia's face. She blinked awake and squinted at the light, letting out a quiet yawn. The first thing she noticed was that Gray was peacefully asleep beside her. The second thing she noticed was that the unfamiliar tingle in her belly was still there - and it was a lot worse. Without really knowing why, Juvia slowly crossed her legs. Must be a side effect of the dress, Juvia thought. It feels really weird.

She lay still for a few more minutes, noticing that the inside of her mouth felt...dry. Something she had never experienced before. Finally she felt Gray stir. He sat up quickly and looked at Juvia, as though he had forgotten she was there. "Oh, Juvia. Good morning. Sleep well?"

"Juvia did," she said happily.

"Me too," Lucy piped up. She sat up with a yawn. "Gonna use the bathroom then we can head out."

"Same," Gray said. He started to climb over Juvia, but his knee slipped on the loose sheet and he ended up bracing his hand on Juvia's stomach. He didn't press hard, but still Juvia gasped and jumped as though he had hurt her. "Sorry, Juvia, are you alright?" Gray asked quickly.

"Yes, Juvia is fine...her stomach just feels funny today, and her mouth is dry... Juvia thinks the spell is causing it."

"That's strange," came a voice from outside the room. Heather stepped in carrying a huge tray, covered in three egg sandwiches and three large glasses of tea. "Stomach pain isn't something my products cause. Maybe just some nausea from the stress of all this. And your mouth probably feels really dry because of the tonic, it does that... Anyway I made you all some breakfast, maybe some food and tea will help you feel better."

"Juvia thanks you," Juvia said. Gray and Lucy eyed the food, but stood and made for the door. "Gotta use the bathroom first," Gray said. "We'll eat in a minute." They walked out and Heather returned to her own room, leaving Juvia to slowly sip at her tea.

Minutes passed, when she heard the sound of someone banging on wood. "Lucy, hurry up in there!" Gray's voice resounded from down the hall. "My food's gettin' cold, plus I'm about to piss myself out here!"

"Don't talk like that around women," Lucy's voice shouted back. "I'll be out in a second."

Soon Juvia heard the bathroom door open, then slam again. For some reason she found herself imagining Gray in there. Would he have the same pleased face that Lucy had yesterday? She even found herself wondering if Gray could hold more than Lucy could. Why is Juvia thinking about this? She shook her head violently. As Lucy said, it is private.

Lucy returned a second later and started on her sandwich. Juvia wasn't hungry, she just kept drinking the tea. She found that she had a much greater desire to drink since being affected by the dress. Usually she would only drink for flavor, as she didn't need to drink because of her liquid body. She finished the tea quickly, but her mouth still felt very dry. "Juvia needs another drink," Juvia coughed.

"Take mine," Lucy said. "If I drink it, I'll have to pee really badly while I'm on the train. The way it bounces makes it hard to hold it in."

"Thank you," Juvia said, taking the second large cup of tea and drinking it down as Gray walked in and picked up his own meal.

Fifteen minutes later, the three of them were waving goodbye to Heather as they began walking towards the train station. Gray was walking in front of the women, again having abandoned his shirt. "You know what's funny?" Lucy whispered to Juvia. "How you never actually see Gray taking his clothes off. One moment he's fully dressed, then you look away for just a second, and suddenly he's half naked. I don't know how he does it."

"Mmmhmm," Juvia exhaled. "Juvia feels strange...really strange..."

Lucy glanced over to the other girl. She was walking stiffly, her fists clenched and her face flushed and sweaty. "That spell really messed with you, huh...hopefully you'll feel better soon..."

"It just keeps getting worse though," Juvia moaned. "Juvia thought she would be alright after some time, but she feels...strained."

"Heather swears the spell can't really hurt you," Lucy assured her. "We're almost at the train. Once we're back at the guild, maybe Wendy can help you with her Sky Magic healing..."

Juvia wasn't really listening. She was focused on the rapidly building sensation inside of her. It didn't feel bad, exactly. And it didn't really hurt. As she had been saying, it just felt...strange. A completely new, alien sensation that she couldn't even chance a guess at. Even weirder than the feeling in her belly was the fact that she was starting to feel it between her legs, a sort of pressure and tingling inside her privates that was completely different than what she felt whenever Gray walked around naked.

"Please wait a moment," Juvia called. Gray and Lucy stopped and turned, their faces curious. "Juvia is going to turn to water and back. Maybe it will help whatever this problem is..." Juvia stood straight and closed her eyes. She performed a strange sort of hop, then opened her eyes again and looked around in confusion. "Juvia cannot turn to water!"

"Well, I didn't think so," Lucy said softly. "The dress suppressed your magic power, remember? You won't be able to use any of your abilities for a while still."

"But Juvia never thought her body could be kept solid...the water is a part of who Juvia is!"

Lucy stepped in and hugged Juvia tightly. Juvia gasped and recoiled as Lucy's weight pressed against her stomach. "I know, this must be so horrible for you," Lucy whispered in a comforting and sincere tone. "Come on, let's get you home where it's familiar and you have all your friends. The train leaves in ten minutes, we have to hurry."

Juvia nodded tearfully and started to jog after the others. Every step sent a pulse of the unknown pressure across her belly and down through her privates, and Juvia kept gasping as the feeling kept increasing in strength. It was hard for her to even walk as they made it down the stairs of the train station. Gray quickly paid for their tickets and they boarded the locomotive moments before it started moving.

The train pulled clear of the station, bringing on the vast seascape of Hargeon. Juvia stared out the window, and she noticed that watching the waves made the sensation grow and surge. She looked away from the window and began shaking slightly, instinctively holding her legs together. What is wrong with Juvia? she thought. Everything feels so sensitive. She placed her hands on her belly, right where the feeling was greatest. It felt tight and hard like there was a melon underneath her skin, and if she pressed on it even a little, it sent a shockwave across her whole body that made her cringe and shiver.

The train rolled on and on, crossing bridges and passing through tunnels. Every passing minute the fullness inside Juvia grew stronger. Her legs were shaking and she was wiggling her butt against the wooden seat, her hands gripped in fists and pressed hard into her lap. The pressure between her legs felt almost unbearable, and her heavy breathing was fogging up the window. Juvia feels like she's dying, she moaned inside her head.

Another twenty minutes of the compounding pressure went by, and Juvia's whole body was trembling and covered in sweat. She kept quiet. She did not want to worry Gray with her unknown illness. Five more minutes slowly passed when the train suddenly lurched, having run over a misshapen rail. The whole compartment bounced, and Juvia's body rose up and slammed back into the seat. As soon as this happened - to Juvia's complete surprise and confusion - hot liquid began to spray out from between her legs, hard. It soaked through her light blue underwear instantly and started to sink into her dress. All in one second, Lucy's words from the day before exploded into her mind. "A while after you drink, a pressure builds up right here. The longer you hold it in, the stronger the pressure gets. You start shaking and squirming and sweating. If you wait too long, it can even happen accidentally when your muscles just can't hold on anymore..."

Juvia's eyes went wide in horror and she double-crossed her legs so far that the fronts of her ankles were touching each other. She tensed her body and held her breath, and the torrent flowing out of her ceased. To her immense relief, Gray was too absorbed in his window watching to even notice this. Lucy, however, was staring at Juvia with her brows furrowed. "Luh, Luh, Luh," Juvia began to stammer out. "Luuuucccyyyy! Juvia has to talk to Lucy! Lucy must come with Juvia right now!" Gray was looking between them now, and Juvia's face went tomato-colored. She forced herself to her feet and grasped Lucy's wrist hard, pulling her up. Juvia looked over Lucy's shoulder to the man she loved. "Gray, please stay here," she cried as she dragged Lucy out of their train car.

As it was after the morning work rush, the train was nearly empty. All of the passengers were in one car, and Juvia had pulled Lucy into a completely empty one. Lucy looked worried and confused. "Juvia, what's wrong?"

"Juvia is...Juvia is...."

"What?"

"JUVIA IS PEEING!" She stood there with her legs twisted together, her dress held under her arms and both hands held against herself, an obvious wet patch staining the whole crotch of her underwear.

Lucy blinked. "But I thought-"

"Juvia has a true human body right now," Juvia sobbed. "Her magic is still broken, she cannot turn to water, and she cannot absorb all the liquid she drank!"

Lucy remembered the massive tonic the night before, and the two large glasses of tea. "Oh Juvia, you drank so much. You must be bursting. But there's no bathroom on this train since it's a short trip. You...you have to hold it in."

"Juvia doesn't know how," she breathed. "Juvia has no idea what to do, she is scared!"

"Well, we have to distract Gray, first thing," Lucy said. She reached into her key pouch and quickly summoned Gemini once again. "Gemini, listen up. You have to take the form of Juvia here and go sit across from Gray. Tell him that you lost an earring on the way here and wanted to check the other cars for it, and that I spotted an old friend and will be talking to her for a while. He won't say much, so it should be easy enough. Oh, and don't let ANYONE into this car, especially Gray. We'll deal with explanations later if we have to."

The little spirits nodded and floated over to Juvia, lightly tapping her arm. Right after, there was a poof of smoke and they had created their perfect copy of Juvia, who went back through the door into Gray's car. Lucy turned back to the real Juvia who was dancing from foot to foot, her hands still crushing against her damp panties. Just then, the train hit another bump, and Juvia let out a yelp as another short spray of pee forced its way out of her and splattered onto the wooden floor. "No, Juvia cannot hold on. It keeps leaking out!"

Lucy took Juvia by her hand and sat her down on one of the seats. "Put your weight on the corner of the seat and lean into it, that should help you hold on," Lucy advised her. Juvia did so, the wet cloth of her panties sticking to the hard wood. She rocked back and forth, but with each lurch of the train, another spurt of pee burst out of her and hit the floor. "Oh, no. You really can't hold it in anymore, can you? Wait, I...I have an idea but you might not like it."

"What is it?" Juvia asked, breathing sharply as more small leaks sprayed out of her and soaked her underwear even further. They were completely see-through at this point, and Lucy tried hard not to stare at the tight, leaking slit on the other side of the thin fabric.

"Take your dress off. We'll use it to absorb your pee, and then I'll get you new clothes from the Spirit World."

"But Juvia is not wearing a bra," Juvia complained.

"Like that's an actual problem right now!" Lucy snapped. "Unless you want to wet yourself completely and have everyone in the other car walk through your puddle to exit the train."

"Nnnoooo," Juvia cried. "Okay, Juvia is taking it off..." She grasped the sides of her dress and pulled it up over her head, exposing her round and perky breasts. Another, longer burst of pee splashed over the floor and Juvia started dancing again, her chest bouncing with her movements.

Lucy folded the dress over twice and quickly wiped up the small leaks from the floor, then set it down on the seat. "You won't be able to let it all out in there, but it should ease the pressure by a whole lot."

"Juvia can't believe this is happening to her," she gasped. "Juvia has never exposed herself in public..." She knelt down over the dress and slid two fingers into the crotch of her panties, pulling the fabric aside.

"Nobody can see you," Lucy assured her. "Gemini is watching one door, and the other leads to the engine and the Conductor can't leave it. You have complete privacy other than me, and there's no need to be shy with your girlfriends. We come in handy for crisis situations like this, eh?"

"Lucy...Juvia thanks you. You have been a true friend to her today." With that, Juvia exhaled a moan of pure ecstatic relief as the powerful stream of light yellow pee flowed out of her. It was quickly absorbed into the dress, and between her moans Juvia shifted the dress around to catch as much as it could. "Oh, it's getting on Juvia's hands...she never thought pee would be so warm."

Lucy laughed at this. "So...how does it feel? Your first ever pee?"

"It is the best thing Juvia has ever experienced," Juvia said softly. "Juvia is so embarrassed, yet happy that she gets to feel this at least once."

"Glad you like it," Lucy giggled. "It doesn't always feel like this though. Only when you're really desperate. Anyway, you should stop it now, the dress looks almost full."

"Okay," Juvia agreed. She tensed her legs and inhaled, but she kept peeing hard. "Mmmm, no! Juvia can't stop it!" The dress had begun to overflow slightly, and Lucy stepped back as Juvia's pee began to splatter onto the floor again.

"Oh no," Lucy gasped. "Wait- take this!" Lucy grabbed her skirt and tore it off, shoving it into a bundle and handing it to Juvia who stuck it between her legs. For a moment, Lucy tried to use her hands to cover her pink cotton panties, but there was no real point and she let her hands fall to her sides.

Juvia just kept peeing, it seemed almost endless. The skirt began to drip, and Lucy was about to remove her blouse as a last line of defense just as Juvia finally managed to stop her flow. She exhaled deeply and set down the soaked skirt, tiny drops of pee still leaking out from between her legs. "Juvia feels like she just had an orgasm," she breathed.

Lucy barked out an awkward laugh. "Even in this situation, that's a little too much information. Anyway, we have to clean up.” Lucy pulled her blouse off anyway, and she was thankful that she was wearing a pink lace bra to match her pink panties. She used the blouse to wipe up the little bit of pee still puddled on the ground, then bundled all the soaked clothes together. “Juvia, you should probably lose the underwear too. Gray might smell it.”

Juvia frowned but did as she was told, sliding the small damp undergarment down her legs and tossing it on top of the clothes pile. She crossed her arms and stood in the corner of the car, now completely naked aside from her blue and white hat.

“I just hope we can talk our way out of this,” Lucy grumbled. She stepped up on the seat and struggled with the window, barely managing to force it open. She shoved the wet clothes out the window, watching them blow off the bridge they were crossing and fall towards the water below. “At least Gray can be kind of stupid sometimes.”

“Oyyy,” Juvia growled threateningly.

Lucy laughed and flapped her hands apologetically. “You know what I mean. Stupid about personal stuff. He doesn't even really understand that you're in love with him.”

“Juvia is not,” she lied pathetically. “Anyway, Juvia's legs are still really wet. She does not want to put on clothes like this.”

Lucy sighed. “I wish you said that before I tossed my shirt out the window, it was still mostly dry. Oh...fine, what's the use at this point...” Lucy pulled down her panties and handed them to Juvia, who used them to pat the remaining pee off her inner thighs. Juvia followed Lucy's lead and tossed them out the window, then pulled it closed.

“Lucy is Juvia's best friend,” Juvia chirped suddenly, her eyes wide and watery. “Juvia would have jumped out the window herself if Lucy had not helped her though this.” Juvia ran forwards and hugged Lucy tightly, their breasts pressing together.

“I'm glad to help you,” Lucy said warmly, trying not to feel weird about being so close to a completely naked woman. Lucy's bra and Juvia's hat were the only clothes to survive the event, not counting Lucy's belt on which she held her keys. She reached into the pouch and pulled out the Key of the Clock. “Time to get us some new clothes.”

Juvia folded her arms over her breasts again. “Is it really okay for your spirit to see us like this?”

Lucy laughed. “Most of them don't give a damn. Only the human-like ones like Taurus or Leo can be trouble. All the girls are fine, as well as Plue. I'm still not completely sure about Gemini, but they've taken the form of both of our bodies so I don't think it's weird for them...” Lucy spun the key around her fingers and held her arm out, summoning arguably the most reliable of her Spirits: The Clock – Horologium.

“Greetings, Master Lucy and Miss Juvia,” the large grandfather clock said in his usual formal tone. “You two are looking very comfortable today.”

Juvia shrunk into the corner, but Lucy just stood still with her hands on her hips and sighed. “Thanks, Horologium. We need clothes from the Spirit World. Full outfits, underwear and everything. Oh, and earrings for Juvia, please.”

“It would be my pleasure,” Horologium said. His glass window began to glow, and then it flipped open revealing two perfectly folded outfits.

“You always save us from the worst spots,” Lucy said. “Thank you so much.”

“I am glad to be of service,” Horologium responded with a stiff bow, before he dissipated back into the Spirit World. Lucy handed Juvia the blue outfit, keeping the green to herself. The two women got dressed quickly and lined up by the door back to their own car.

“Wait here,” Lucy said. “I'm going to try to make the swap.”

Juvia nodded as Lucy stepped through the door, making her way towards Gray. He looked up as she approached, lifting an eyebrow. “You changed your clothes?”

“Yeah, my friend wanted to see how I could get clothes from the Spirit World from Horologium.” Then she turned to Gemini, still in the perfect form of Juvia. “Hey, Juvia,” Lucy said to Gemini, leaning in close and talking deliberately, hoping the spirit twins would understand her meaning. “You probably feel pretty weird wearing the dress that hurt you like this. How about you come and change as well?”

Taking the hint, the fake Juvia stood up and nodded. “Sounds good to me,” Gemini said as they began walking back towards the other car.

“Juvia...you said, 'me', just now,” Gray called after them. “I've never heard you speak in first-person before.”

Lucy grimaced hard, spinning around to cover Gemini's mistake. “She's just really messed up because of the magic, she probably doesn't even know what she's saying!” Lucy ranted as Gemini-Juvia nodded vigorously. To Lucy's relief, Gray just shrugged and turned his head back to the window. The two of them went back into their private car, where Gemini returned to the Spirit World and Juvia was waiting patiently. “Alright, the switch is a success,” whispered. “We can go back in a couple of minutes.”

“Juvia is really happy,” Juvia said. “That felt so good. Juvia wonders...if she focuses hard on keeping her body completely solid, if she could feel it again. She wants to feel it again.”

Lucy shrugged. She had never heard of someone purposefully holding their pee for fun. “Well, I don't really get it, but maybe it's special to you because you're not used to it. You can always try.”

“Since Juvia cannot talk to Gray about it, would Lucy...would she stay with Juvia when she does try? She thinks it would be less fun alone. Maybe Lucy can do it too!”

Lucy folded her arms, feeling her face flushing. “Well, I...I guess I don't see why not. If it's fun for you, there's probably no harm in it.”

“This makes Juvia happy,” Juvia whispered.

“Well, I think its safe for us to go back to Gray,” Lucy said, trying to change the subject. Juvia followed Lucy back to their seats, where Juvia quickly resumed her usual stare at the Ice Wizard as the train continued its journey home.

*004*2016-01-29 20:27

{{:

Amazing story, your writing is great!

}}

Thanks man, glad you liked it.

*006*2016-01-30 00:48

Probably not from me. Don't like Lucy too much and I don't do kids in my stories so no Wendy.

Erza is quite likely though.

