Tales from a Country Where Women Don't Pee

Author: BartleyZumboza

*019*2022-05-25 13:13

Wow! Thank you all so much! Since I posted the second part of my story, I’ve received nothing but positive responses and many more fantastic questions! I’m not sure I’ll be able to answer them all right away, but I’ll try to as soon as I can.

For this entry, I’d like to focus specifically on two specific questions. One person asked what it would take to get a woman here in Jalabhumi really, really desperate, and another was interested in my wife and how she’s doing practicing double Niranyu. Because boy, oh boy, do I have a story for all of you.

It is often said that converts to a religion tend to follow the tenets of the faith more closely than those born into it. A convert to Islam might be shocked and disappointed to find out that many of his fellow Muslims will sometimes drink beer, or have premarital sex, or skip going to the mosque on Fridays, or even skip some of the mandatory five daily prayers. A person like that is a cultural Muslim, much like a person who celebrates Christmas but doesn’t go to church is a cultural Christian, or a person who participates in a Passover seder but doesn’t go to shul or rest on the Sabbath is culturally Jewish. For people like this, religion is taken for granted, as it’s simply the culture they were born into, the culture their family adheres to.

On the other hand, someone who was not born into a culture, but chooses to adopt the religion later on in life has actively researched what they must do to truly be faithful. They read the sacred texts, they follow the rituals, they attend the gatherings. They cannot simply take their new faith for granted. They cannot claim cultural heritage, as they originally came from a different culture. And so, they take their newfound faith very, very seriously.

This perfectly describes my wife, Navi. She was born into Hinduism, a religion quite similar to ours in many ways. We too in Jalabhumi worship gods bearing a resemblance to the likes of Ganesh, Shiva, Murugan, and others. We believe in reincarnation and karma. Yet, as you all know by now, we are quite distinct from the Hindus of India, as our religion revolves around the highest of all our gods, the Goddess Anakketta: the great dam protecting Jalabhumi from all floods, both of nature and of man. My wife is one of the most devoted followers of the Goddess I have ever met. This, I have no doubt, is due to the fact that she chose to adopt our culture on her own free will, while others here in Jalabhumi practice it because this is what they were born with.

While I admire her devotion, Navi often has a tendency to become confrontational when in a religious disagreement with other Jalabhumese women. She is generally forgiving of foreigners who don’t practice our religion, having once been one herself, but she gets frustrated when she notices other Jalabhumese women cutting corners around proper Niranyu. She can be very stubborn and always strives to prove her dedication. This has been true since the day I met her. While this is an honorable trait and part of why I am so deeply in love with her, sometimes she ends up in difficult situations because of it.

In fact, just last week, my wife got into a dispute with one of her friends that kicked off one of the most challenging, yet simultaneously most exciting and sexually gratifying experiences of our married life.

You see, not all Jalabhumese women believe practicing double Niranyu to make up for the limitations of pregnant friends or sisters is a true scriptural obligation. It is indeed a time-honored cultural tradition, but many here in Jalabhumi dispute its actual religious significance. Like many religious texts throughout the world, the Anakettapustakam, our most sacred of holy books, contains certain passages that seem to offer many different meanings. As a result, the passages that are unclear to mankind’s limited understanding of the divine have resulted centuries-long debates as to how they should be interpreted and implemented in common practice.

It all started Friday morning after I posted my second entry in this thread. As I mentioned before, Navi’s friend Kanika is quite far along in her pregnancy. She is due to give birth any day now, and as a result, she doesn’t have much room inside her to fully practice Niranyu. My wife is a major supporter of double Niranyu, but her other friend Mayuri doesn’t see it that way. During what was meant to be a friendly get-together for brunch, Navi and Mayuri got into a heated debate about whether double Niranyu is necessary.

“It’s written right here in the Anakkettapustakam!” Navi exclaimed, flipping to the page in the holy book she had clearly committed to memory. “A leaking dam is reinforced by the fortified dam in front of it. What do you think that’s supposed to mean?”

“Well it certainly doesn’t mean what you think it means!” Mayuri fired back. “The ‘leaking dam’ refers to a jaladhara, not a devout woman carrying a child. It means that when we all practice Niranyu, meaning normal Niranyu, it makes up for those that refuse to follow Anakketta!”

“A jaladhara is a fountain, not a dam,” Navi sneered. “This passage refers to the women who would normally be able to hold back the flood, but have sprung a leak due to extra pressure.”

“Okay, and what does it say on the very next page, huh?” Mayuri retorted. “Every woman is a dam, and all share the burden of holding back the flood!”

“Well that just reinforces what I’m saying!”

“No it doesn’t!” Mayuri shrieked, having lost her patience entirely. “Not once in the entire Anakkettapustakam does it say that extra Niranyu is necessary to make up for leaks!”

“It’s implied! When one of us can’t do the heavy lifting, we all have to take on extra weight!” Navi stubbornly insisted, while Mayuri rolled her eyes. This really ticked Navi off. “You know what, Mayuri? Fine! If you don’t want to do your part to make up for Kanika, you don’t have to. I’ll take on your burden.”

Mayuri scoffed. “Navi, you can’t possibly be serious. There’s no way you can manage to hold that much.”

“Oh, I am quite serious,” Navi retorted. “Your bladder may be too weak to handle it, but mine isn’t! I won’t just do double Niranyu - I’ll do triple…no, quadruple Niranyu! You’ll see just how far I can go.”

“With your foreign bladder?” Mayuri snickered. “Please, Navi. There’s no possible way you can hold back that kind of ocean. I’m willing to bet on it!”

“….How much?” Navi said as a devious smile spread across her face.

And that’s how it all started. I was in the kitchen, making lunch with Mayuri’s husband. The two of us said nothing as we closely listened to our wives bickering and betting on Navi’s bladder capabilities. It is extremely common here in Jalabhumi for men to be turned on by women in a state of desperation. There are even passages in the Anakkettapustakam related to the natural sexual excitement men can get out of their wives keeping Niranyu, so it is a completely normal and recognized aspect of Jalabhumese society. So as you can probably guess, both of us were very excited for what was to come, but I had no idea at the time just how lucky I was. This whole thing would demonstrate truly how big my wife’s bladder could get, and just how eager she is to complete a challenge.

Over lunch, Navi and Mayuri told us the terms of their agreement. Navi would maintain Niranyu for one full week, all while drinking not only her own increased liquids, but the extra liquids that Mayuri would have consumed had she been participating in double Niranyu. That sounded to me like a downright impossible feat. It sounded ridiculous to both Mayuri and her husband. But Navi was determined to prove she could do it. If Navi makes it to her goal, Mayuri would give her the equivalent of 1000 US dollars, or approximately 80,000 Indian rupees. But if Navi’s dam were to break before that time, Navi would have to pay Mayuri. In this country, that amount of money goes a long way, so this was extra exciting for all of us. Navi and Mayuri shook hands on it, with me and Mayuri’s husband as witnesses.

I looked over at Navi skeptically after our friends left. She was clearly in a heightened state, determined to prove herself, but I wanted to be realistic.

“Navi, are you sure you can do this?” I asked.

“Of course I can!” She said. “Why? Do you not trust me?”

“Trust has nothing to do with it,” I said. “It’s just that….well, Navi, that’s a lot to hold inside you. And for an entire week? I don’t know a woman here in Jalabhumi who would ever attempt that, besides maybe the Queen herself. And for you, as a….”

“…As a what?” Navi said, with her arms crossed as she awaited my response.

“Well…” I hesitated. She stared at me waiting. I knew I wouldn’t get out of this one. “I mean, Navi, Mayuri is kind of right about your bladder being foreign.”

Her mouth dropped open, deeply offended.

“Hey, listen!” Navi barked at me. “I thought you of all people knew me better than that, Kanu! I will do this, even if my own husband doesn’t believe in me.”

I couldn’t help myself. I just burst out into laughter.

“Oh, fuck you, Kanu!” Navi said as she stormed out of the house.

I didn’t follow her. When Navi gets frustrated and needs to blow off some steam, she’ll take a walk around the neighborhood for a few hours, and it’s a bad idea to try to bug her when she’s in that state. She’d rather be alone. I didn’t mean to laugh at her. Honestly, the reason I was laughing because Navi said “Hey, listen!” She says this all the time, and every time she says it, it makes me laugh because of how ironic it is that a person whose name is Navi constantly uses this phrase.

She doesn’t understand the joke.

I know I was foolish to have been so dismissive of my wife’s capabilities. Navi has proven time and time again that despite having been born outside the country, she is the embodiment of the ideal Jalabhumese woman. When she first came to this country in 2015, there wasn’t much of a formal process for attaining citizenship. Why would there be? Demand for citizenship in a tiny country hardly anybody knows about isn’t exactly overwhelming. Plus, the Jalabhumese people are essentially an ethno-religious group. Even if one does convert to our religion and practices the necessary rites and rituals, there is still an ethnic component to being fully considered Jalabhumese. Being the progressive-minded person I am, I think it’s an outdated and overly conservative line of thinking, but here in Jalabhumi, the mentality of many people is unfortunately “Once an outsider, always an outsider.”

As a result of all this, Navi can sometimes be a little insecure about her place in Jalabhumese society. Quite frankly, she shouldn’t be. After all, Navi was actually one of the first immigrants to obtain full citizenship in this country. We had to petition the government and go through all sorts of convoluted processes thought up on the spot since there wasn’t really any precedent for immigrant naturalization in Jalabhumi in the first place. We needed at least two citizen sponsors, of which we offered three: myself, Kanika, and Mayuri.

We needed her to prove she was capable of speaking fluent Jalabhumese, not difficult since her native language, Malayalam, is very similar. Climbing up the ladder of incompetent government officials, we eventually ended up in communication with Queen Archita herself, who summoned Navi to the palace and asked her to perform certain rituals and prayers, demonstrate her commitment to maintaining Niranyu, confirm her knowledge of the Anakkettapustakam, knowledge of how to perform proper Anakketta Chearccha, knowledge of the country’s history, sing the national anthem, all sorts of nationalistic garbage to prove how committed she is to the country and its culture. The Queen personally bestowed citizenship upon Navi after deeming her to be worthy of becoming one of us.

So, in many ways, Navi’s ascent to full citizenship was an historic achievement in our country, and something to be deeply proud of. This accomplishment alone shows how dedicated she is to the traditions of Jalabhumi, and how strong her bladder is. Yet, she still holds many insecurities and always second-guesses herself about whether or not she truly is good enough to be Jalabhumese. I was a fool not to consider how sensitive a subject this might be for her.

When she got back home about 45 minutes later, I had some tea prepared for her. I gave her a hug and apologized for being a jerk. We kissed and made up, as we always do. I told her that I do believe in her, I do trust her, and I will help her and support her. She forgave me and asked for double the tea she usually drinks. She was planning on starting immediately anyway, no matter what my stupid opinion was, but felt better now that I had given her my support.

And so it began.

Friday was a holiday for us - May 20 is when we commemorate our successful campaign against the French. The French weren’t exactly the most formidable of our foes, mostly because at the time, they were also dealing with the Haitian rebellion, but still, the day gives us in Jalabhumi an excuse to relax, or to partake in a festival, something we Jalabhumese love to do. So my wife and I had a long weekend. The last time Navi emptied her bladder had been Thursday evening. She had gone for her Anakketta Chearccha around the time I posted my second entry in this thread. She had made the deal with Mayuri on Friday about noon. We had planned that day to go out and enjoy the festivities downtown with some friends, but after making up from our argument, we decided instead to stay in all day, watch TV, and cuddle. Navi is so damn cute when she falls asleep in my lap.

On Saturday, we were feeling more up for a day out. It was a beautiful day and Navi was eager to spend some time in the sun. Though Navi had forgiven me for my attitude the previous day, I still wanted to make it up to her. I wanted to show her that I’d support her challenge. Plus, the more I thought about it, the more excited I got. Navi has gotten so used to her routine over the years that it’s been a very long time since I’ve seen her really, truly desperate to pee. I can’t even remember the last time I’d seen her really struggle to hold back the flood. And whenever I talked to her about it, she seemed very excited for the challenge she was about to endure. This was the most excited I’d seen her since she got her citizenship a couple years ago.

So, I took her out for lunch. For some context, I want to mention where and how exactly we live. Navi and I both have relatively well-paying jobs, so we live a fairly luxurious life by Jalabhumese standards. The cost of living here in Jalabhumi is quite low, so having a halfway decent job with a halfway decent income is generally enough to live a fairly prosperous and easy life here. With our combined income, we are able to afford a spacious two-bedroom home near the waterfront of downtown Anakkettapuram, the capital of Jalabhumi. Neither of us spend too much time outside our immediate neighborhood. We wouldn’t really want to anyway - everything we need is right here in Anakkettapuram.

We strolled along the palm tree-lined streets, enjoying the tropical heat. In Jalabhumi, we often say we have two seasons: the rainy season, and the rainier season. When skies are clear, the Jalabhumese love to spend time outside. One of our favorite restaurants is a lovely little shack with outdoor seating right by the ocean. We ordered our usual meals, which of course includes lots of hydration. Navi, of course, ordered more than her usual share of drinks, which she gulped down as fast as she could.

“Oh my god, Kanu, I’m going to have to pee so bad,” she giggled deviously. It turned me on to hear her say that. Navi is the type of person who likes to use the proper terminology (Niranyu, Anakketta Chearccha, etc.), so when she says things like “have to pee”, it indicates her naughty side coming out. She was getting so excited and I was so happy for her.

We spent the entirety of Saturday outdoors. It was May 20 weekend, after all, and people were still outside celebrating the holiday. May 20 is just an excuse to get drunk and party. While Navi and I aren’t exactly the partying type, we did make it a point to get some beers into Navi’s bladder. I should mention that at this point, I had excused myself to piss five times already, as I’d had a lot to drink as well. But Navi kept holding on strong. We spent some time swimming in the ocean, which Navi loves to do when her bladder is full.

Just before sundown, we ran into Mayuri and Kanika downtown. Kanika was astonished looking at the size of Navi’s bulge.

“Oh my goodness, Navi! Look at you!” Kanika exclaimed, her own belly bulging out (though not for the same reason of course). “I didn’t believe it when Mayuri told me.”

“Oh, this is nothing, Kanika!” Navi replied as she clasped her bulge with both hands. “Just you wait. There’s more to come, and it’s all staying inside me until Thursday.”

“Friday,” Mayuri corrected her.

Navi made a face of mild insecurity, but then quickly smiled again. “Yes, that’s right, Friday.” I wondered if Navi was beginning to have second thoughts about her ability to accomplish this. She was nearly a week away from release and I could already tell she was starting to get a tad worried that she wouldn’t make it.

“How does it feel?” Kanika asked.

Navi glanced over at Mayuri, who was giving her a devilish look of sadism. She was holding in her hands a beverage very common amongst the people of Jalabhumi: waterfruit juice. The Jalabhumese waterfruit is endemic to our island. It is similar to the common coconut, but it is very sweet and its juice contains strong diuretic properties. It is often drunk by women preparing for an imminent Anakketta Chearccha.

“It feels amazing, Kanika,” Navi responded, looking directly at Mayuri. “Absolutely amazing. In fact, I’ve never felt this good in my entire life.”

“Well, we’ll see how long that lasts. You’ve got all week!” said Mayuri, as she lifted up her shirt to reveal her own bulge, similar in size to Navi’s. “I’m passing this on to Anakketta first thing tomorrow morning. I can’t wait, Navi. I’m so full I’m tempted to just….ooh! Let loose like a jaladhara!” Navi rolled her eyes as Mayuri crossed her legs and took a big gulp of her waterfruit juice. “But no, I’m a lady, not some low-class lawn sprinkler. So instead, I’m loading up as much as I can! Care for some juice?”

To Mayuri’s shock, Navi grabbed the waterfruit juice right out of Mayuri’s hands and finished the rest of it.

“Wow, Navi. Bold,” said Mayuri. “You’re going to feel that later.”

“Hey, listen! The only thing I feel is the strength of Anakketta holding back the flood,” my wife declared.

Mayuri and Kanika burst out laughing. I tried very, very hard to suppress my laughter.

“What is so damn funny?” Navi snapped. “Why does everyone always laugh when I say that?”

Navi and Mayuri have had a friendly rivalry for a long time. They’re like sisters. They love each other and will always be there for each other, but they can be very competitive. When one of them has a point to prove, it trumps all else. And that’s what it was like with this situation. Both of them were trying to prove a point and both were determined to prove the other wrong.

We didn’t stay for much longer, because Navi wanted to get home very quickly. I wasn’t sure if it was because of Mayuri or not at first, but I soon realized what she wanted when she started aggressively stroking my cock on the way home.

Man, oh man, this was definitely different.

You see, when Navi gets close to an Anakketta Chearccha, she typically gets very frisky. Having a very full bladder turns her on immensely, as it does for me to see her in a desperate state. Navi typically pees every three days. With double Niranyu, she would add a fourth day (no, “double” isn’t an exact measure, which is part of why so many doubt its legitimacy). So, since she did her last Anakketta Chearccha on Thursday, she was due for another one on Monday - or she would have been, if she hadn’t decided to do this extra challenge. I can tell when Navi starts to get uncomfortable when she starts wiggling her butt ever so slightly, casually crossing her legs, and shifting positions. The closer she gets to her scheduled release, she also typically starts wanting a lot of sex. We usually have sex right before she’s about to release, as she loves the feeling of my dick inside her when her bladder has expanded to its fullest.

But she hadn’t been this aggressively horny in a very long time. As soon as she got me inside, she grabbed my face and we made out ferociously. She undressed at the speed of light and threw me into our living room chair, climbing on top of me like a monkey in a tree, resting her legs on my shoulders to sit on my face.

“Press on it!” She moaned as I ate her pussy.

“Hmm?” I asked, my tongue deep inside her.

“Press on it, Kanu! Press on it and make it hurt!”

I pressed down HARD on her distended bladder. She let out an intense, pained scream. I eased up for a moment to make sure she was okay.

“Don’t stop! Don’t you dare stop!” She commanded.

So I did as she told me. Eventually, she wanted my dick inside her, so of course, I obliged. This had to have been one of the most intense and satisfying sexual experiences of our marriage. I didn’t know what exactly had come over her.

But soon, I would learn. After we’d finished, she told me what had got her going. When Mayuri taunted her downtown, it really sunk in for her: she couldn’t pee. Mayuri was going to pee tomorrow, but Navi had to hold it all in. And she had to keep holding it in through the next day, and the next day, and the next day, and the next day. Normally, when she gets horny like that, she’s anticipating an imminent release. But this time, she would get none. Her bladder was already so, so full and it would only get fuller and fuller. And that turned her on so…damn…fucking….much.

On Sunday, a huge thunderstorm poured buckets all over Jalabhumi. To answer another question, absolutely yes: rain and thunderstorms play a major role in Jalabhumese culture and religion. In Jalabhumi, we believe that when a storm happens, that’s Talikkuka up to His old naughty tricks again. Talikkuka, in our religion, is Anakketta’s husband. He is loving, devoted, and loyal to His wife, but He sure does love to cause mischief. Talikkuka is the God of storms, rain, sex, passion, and war - and He is also the God that represent’s men’s habits of urinating freely while their wives carry the burden of Niranyu.

In religious imagery, He is often seen urinating into Anakketta’s mouth, while She crosses Her legs and holds back the flood. We in Jalabhumi believe that when there’s a storm, a flood, a tropical cyclone, a tsunami, or any other kind of natural phenomenon related to water, that’s Talikkuka challenging His wife, our Goddess Anakketta. And what “challenging” means in Jalabhumese tradition, is…..well, He has sex with Her. With Anakketta’s infinite bladder, we believe the only thing that can cause a disturbance in Her ability to hold back the flood is Her husband’s rough play during intercourse.

And so, in Jalabhumese culture, it is said that having sex during a storm will bring about good luck, whether within the relationship itself, or if you’re trying to conceive a child, it doesn’t matter. Whatever the case may be, we believe that during a storm, when Anakketta and Talikkuka have sex, is always the ideal time to have sex with your spouse.

So why question the Gods? Navi and I spent literally the entire day having sex all over the house, with some brief pauses to catch our breaths and watch TV. It’s funny how roles can change during sex. Normally, Navi would tell you that she is an independent and strong-willed woman who voluntarily practices Niranyu, honoring the Goddess because it’s her choice. She is the one who controls her own bladder and she is the one who will decide when it’s time to let go. But this time, she was definitely in the roleplaying mood. She wanted me to taunt her. She wanted me to tell her that she couldn’t pee, and that she had to hold it in, and that she had no choice. She would whine, beg for me to let her piss, and I would refuse, telling her that I am her bladder’s master.

I forced her to take a shower with me, making her hold it all in while water cascaded down all over her body. I grabbed the showerhead and placed it directly under her pussy, torturing her with the water she wished she could release. I taunted her by forcing her to come out into the rain, completely naked. I reminded her that Talikkuka gets to piss, but she still has to hold it in. I forced her to watch as I pissed as much as I wanted. I reminded her that the mischievous Talikkuka told us in the Anakkettapustakam that boys can pee but girls can’t, no matter how unfair it may seem. I constantly reminded her that she still had five days left and she can’t let out a single drop until Friday. We’re definitely not sexual prudes (Jalabhumi is in fact a very sex-positive society), but Navi and I are rarely ever this kinky.

It was the best sex we’ve had in our entire marriage. But all things must come to an end eventually, and in this case, the end would be imminent.

I don’t want to make this post too long, so I’ll end here for now. Stay tuned for the rest of the story! I promise, you will all love what happened next!

