Mary Marvel’s Distress

Author: Batman007

*000*2019-07-03 14:57

Mary Bromfield is your average teen girl, sexy, smart and loves teen films. Mary is also not normal she is the alter ego for Mary Marvel, who is Shazam/Billy Batson’s adopted twin sister. She is 18 and is about to finish school when she got her powers, she was in bed still it was 7:50 and naked. Her alarm went off within two minutes later, she shifted her ass to move herself to get closer to her bedside counter. She turned her iPhone alarm off but felt she had to pee quite desperately.

She immediately grabbed her crotch to hold back her floodgates, it was Saturday and everyone was still asleep. What could she do if she said the name she’ll probably wake everyone up, it was either humiliation or waking everyone up. Mary knew she wouldn’t make it to the toilet because she felt like she could explode at any second.

She had the biggest bulge ever as she stared at herself nude, she felt a tinkle of pee release from her body and onto her bed. She was scared, if she allowed herself to have an accident in bed like a little girl, Billy might make fun of her forever and exposing it to her friends.

She said the name under her breath “Shazam!” She changed into her Shazam form, her bulge wasn’t big and she didn’t need to go. She wanted to do this hold her pee in as Mary Marvel and then later make it to the toilet and change back and release her desperation.

She went back to sleep, she slept peacefully and didn’t have dreams about her releasing her distressing urge. It was 9:00 when she got up now it was time. By that time her adult desperation had gone up but not as urgent as her teen desperation, she raced to the bathroom and once arriving at the door was locked someone was inside.

She knocked on the door, “Mary is that you?” “Billy please hurry up I need to go!” She said quietly, “Don’t worry I won’t be too long in here.” Said Billy. Mary was getting so desperate she grabbed her crotch in adult form now both her forms were in big trouble, if she stayed in her teen form she would already have wet the bed. “Billy please hurry. I’m bursting so badly to go! Please I have to pee!”

“Hold on Mary.” Billy realised that Mary was in her Shazam form and said to her “Mary why are you in your Shazam form?” “Billy I had to go already at 7:50. I was lazy and I wanted to hold it in for a bit longer. Just please hurry I think I’m about to go any second.” Billy finished and was awestruck when seeing his foster sister naked.

He got a bit aroused and Mary could see it please by the time Billy was staring at her she was grabbing hold of her crotch, she walked in and shut the door. She raced towards the toilet as she could feel her leaking, small leaks expanding into big ones. She plonked her sexy thick ass on the toilet and in relief said the name “Shazam!” And when she said the word she turned back into her teenage self and thoroughly started peeing in relief and Marry couldn’t help it but moan softly as it was so damn warm.

Her floodgates started to close she enjoyed her holding and then cleaned her wet pussy and then flushed the toilet. When she was finished all of that , she made her way back to her room to get dressed for the day.

To Be Continued...

*001*2019-07-06 21:44

Mary walked over to her panty drawer and took out her white panties, she then went to her cupboard and grabbed her white t-shirt, black leggings, white woollen jumper and red sherpa jacket. Mary ate her breakfast and went to school with the rest of her family. She drank a lot of juice today and could feel a slight urge to go but ignored it and carry on with school.

Mary saw her friends Christine, Charlotte, Emma and Sophie. She went to talk to them and it was great to see them today. ”So Mary how are you?” said Christine ”Well I'm fine, thank you.” Mary’s desperation doubled, she could feel herself wanting to get rid of her urge.

Mary now had to go to the bathroom, her bladder felt even worse, it was like she was going to die. She needs to pee so fucking badly and she didn't think she could hold it much longer. She felt a squirt of pee escaping her and it is running down her legs in her warm leggings. Mary knew she would not make it in time, she can't possibly hold it in for so long? Could she? She was running fast for relief, she was running straight for her place she must be, could she hold it in for a bit longer?

Mary grabbed hold of her crotch as she ran holding her crotch, she was so desperate to go she could feel her second squirt leaking out and felt she slightly peed in her leggings. Finally, she made it, She walked in but by Mary's delight found all stalls were occupied. She grabbed her crotch again but very hard and started doing a pee dance, her bladder now was aching for her relief.

She said under her breath ”Let me fucking pee, I have to go so badly!!!” she had an idea because no one was here she got naked and placed her clothes on the countertop. She then said ”Shazam” transforming her into Mary Marvel and put on her clothes over her superhero attire. Her desperation ended as an adult and had no problems with holding it in, one stall flung open and she raced in when the other guy went out.

Mary closed the door and said ”Shazam” she then turned back into the Mary who was about to burst. If she didn't sit in the toilet in any second she sure will feel the extremely hot piss wetting her leggings. Mary now was about to pull off her leggings in order to sit on the toilet, but it was too late her floodgates opened. She was wetting herself and she watched her wet her leggings, it did feel so warm but does mean she had an accident in her leggings. Mary let all her pee flood her leggings and she couldn't help but moan slightly and cry in relief.

Mary could feel something bad was happening and wondered if it was a crime happening? She went out of the bathroom and transformed back into Mary Marvel and flee out of the window. While flying she could see a generic bank robbery and flew down to save the day.

To Be Continued...

*002*2019-08-03 23:38

Mary landed and walked over to the crime, he said in a stern voice “Hey you, you better stop right now or else!” “No I don’t think so.” Said the robber and laughing after. Mary then fought the him and obviously Mary won, the guy was unconscious and Mary was waiting for the police to arrive. She felt very thirsty, but she knew it would make her pee again, but she was very thirsty.

Mary wondered where the nearest place to drink water is, without leaving the robber here and could escape when he is back to normal? Just by her delight she saw the robber had a full bottle of water in his back pocket and Mary took it out. The bottle hasn’t been opened, so Mary drank the whole bottle and placed back in his pocket.

Two seconds later:

Mary now regrets drink the water as her bladder is screaming for her to pee but she can’t and the Police aren’t even here yet and what can she do she couldn’t go anywhere, just the Police came at last taking the body and left. Finally it was Mary’s chance to go pee, she flew up and saw the public restrooms near the park and so she said “Shazam!” And turned into her teenage self and striped until she was in her bra and panties, luckily there was nobody in the park that could see her.

She then said “Shazam!” And turned back into her superhero self and she put on her teen clothes and strolled along to the restrooms. Mary hoped that she could not have another accident in her leggings as that was her favourite pair.

Mary’s urge was getting violent she grabbed herself in order to hold in her floodgates, she walked inside the ladies room and saw that the whole area was very dirty and it looked like it was abandoned.

She went to check the men’s room and it was the same thing, Mary had a dislike in hygiene and it was the bathroom must always be clean. Mary was super happy about this because she has a fetish to pee in nature. Mary is a nature girl, every time she walks through a park she drinks a lot of water so she could go pee behind trees, bushes and on a rock, Mary is definitely a very naughty girl.

She walked over to favourite wetting space, it was behind a very big tree with rocks covering the tree so she could piss in private. She made her way there but felt a sprinkle of pee tinkling out of her and started flying to make it easy on her. She spotted it and landed in the wrong area and was about a 10 second walk there she was really close. She walked and saw her spot and so she ran towards it, another tinkle of pee came out but she didn’t feel it as she was too busy running she then climbed up the rock and jumped down. She was enclosed she could be naked and won’t be caught by anyone, but she wouldn’t get nude now.

Mary took off her damp leggings and put it on the side of the rock, Mary lifted up her skirt and just then she wanted to be naughty, she didn’t take off her panties and in seconds she started to piss. She moaned in its warm nature and she loved the fact that she completely pissed her panties again and when she was over she got rid of it and flew again as Mary Marvel not wearing any panties at all she smiled to herself and said “What a naughty girl am I!”

The End

I will be making another story for Mary, it will be called “The Dirtiest Superhero” in that I will be focusing on her superhero form and not her teen self. Please also check out my upcoming Lois Lane omorashi

