The Secret Life Of Hailee Steinfeld

Author: Batman007

*000*2021-11-23 12:56

Hi I’m Max, I have been living next door to Pete and Cheri Steinfeld for a few years now and I'm both ashamed, but at the same time a little proud, to say I'd been screwing around with their daughter for almost as long. Hailee and I clicked from day one and I’ve gotten to know more about her. I’ll never forget the first time I saw her, I was 18 and she was 17. One day I woke up from my bed I saw the rising star getting dressed by her window. I confess that when I was younger I was a bit stalkery, but Hailee grew to love it when we first started dating. Anyway, I watch the female singer place on some skinny jeans and a white top, I couldn’t believe how sexualised she made get dressed looked it was like she knew I was peeping at her.

Then later I went to the mall to buy a nice suit to go to one of my school friend’s 19th birthday. A few moments later after I went into three shops I see my neighbour running to the ladies room, I couldn’t contain myself I was so turned on looking at her getting dressed that I sneakily walked behind her and followed her into the bathroom. She beat me inside and went into the nearest stall, I entered soon after and nobody was inside except for me and Hailee. I couldn’t believe my ears when she let go, it felt like she kept that in for such a long time and I could hear the sighs of relief from her lips. I left soon after the stream ended and I cherished that sight for my whole life.

She was now 24 and I was 25, unfortunately as she became more and more famous I rarely saw her as her schedule kept her so busy she was barely ever home these days, always jetting off around the globe and whenever she did get home for a weekend, she was almost never left alone for more than five minutes so there was no chance to even indulge in one of our fun quickies. The last time I think I saw her was three years ago when her family invited me over to their house for a BBQ where she followed me to the bathroom and watched me as I peed. Then I remember this visibly that she told me that she had a crush on me ever since I came to live here and she then confessed that she knew it was me who followed her into the ladies room when we were still teenagers.

I watched as she dropped to her knees and grabbed my cock and devoured it in seconds, that was my first time have sex with her and that experience made me see that she was a real wildcat behind her fame. Of course a part of me knew it was all for the best, we'd been pushing our luck for three years and it was a miracle we'd yet to be caught. With her busy working out of town, it had been almost six months since we'd last met up and I was pretty confident it was over up until I received a text in the middle of the night from my seductive young neighbour.

"Hey, you still awake?" it read plainly. I didn’t message her back yet, I stared at the screen of my iPhone blankly. “I am now," I quickly messaged back, “I'm home this weekend, should have the place to myself for the weekend." My stomach lurched as I read her blunt message. I never dreamt that I’d even see her again. Not knowing how to proceed, I didn't reply for a few minutes until Hailee took advantage of my hesitation with another message. She sent me a nude photo of herself in her bedroom with another message saying "I'm so horny, I wanna be super naughty this weekend.” I was so turned on that I almost groaned out loud when I read that text. I hesitantly texted back to her “Jesus, are you for real?" I watched intently as she was busy typing, "Is that a yes then? Are you gonna help me be kinky this weekend, or am I going to have to find someone else?" We spent almost an hour constantly texting back and forth.

"Damnit, you know I can never say no to you."

“That's what I thought."

"I might have to punish you though for being such a little tease!"

“Mmm, I like the sound of that. You gonna punish your little anal slut?"

"Fucking hell."

"Oops, am I making you hard? You better not cum though, I want you to save it. I'm gonna have you shoot it all straight into my ass!"

"Jesus Hailee, you're killing me."

"You love it really. Anyway I've gotta to go so I'll talk to you later and see you on the weekend, yeah?"

I read through the messages again, I looked down and saw how hard I was during that scene and rolling over to try and get some sleep. Unfortunately it was only Tuesday so I really was in for a long exhausting wait.

I finally saw Hailee arriving home for her weekend off from work while I was on my way out. She got out of her car and simply gave me an innocent wave and flashed me her winning smile but even that was enough to rile me up, knowing what we had planned.

I spend the whole day in my house while my crush was having a welcome home party with her parents, but that didn’t bother me how they kept it a family affair rather than inviting me over because I knew full well the trouble Hailee and I would end up getting into. I remember I fell asleep watching TV until I awoke from the sound of my phone, it was Hailee she just texted me. It was a 30 second video, I didn’t know what think of it at first but I did press play in the end. In the video, Hailee walked inside the bathroom completely desperate to pee, she sat straight on the toilet and grabbed her phone. She then pointed it to her crotch and in seconds she was peeing herself, I watched as she completely flooded her tight blue jeans. I couldn’t watch anymore, I promised her that I would not cum until tonight but I was so annoyed that I had to limit my pressure.

I freaked out absolutely had no idea what to do, but in the end I replied back saying “See you tonight :)” I got no reply from her for hours until much later. It was several hours later to be exact. Early in the morning I was woken up by a bump in the house. After brushing it off as the wind I rolled over in bed to check the time, just gone 3am, but at the same time I saw a dozen of missed messages from Hailee.

I quickly opened them and scrolled through them ranging from “My parents have left :)”, "I'm so wet right now", "I need you" and ultimately with "Fuck it, I can't wait any longer, I'm coming over." As if on cue, just as I read that final message my bedroom door creaked open. I almost instinctively leapt out of bed to grab a weapon before recognising Hailee's dark hair and long legs. My eyes widened in horror as she was only wearing black lingerie, I’m so glad that I wasn’t married because there will be nothing stopping from having long awaited sex with the pop star. Hailee didn't say a word to me while leaning over and slipping her tongue into my mouth with a deep sigh while her hand wormed its way under the covers in search of my growing erection.

"I used the spare key you gave dad, I just couldn't wait," she pouted almost apologetically once we pulled apart from our deep kiss. "You've got no idea how bad I need it." As she spoke she was already sliding the bed sheets off me and kissing her way down my chest while fishing my long cock out with her delicate, manicured hands. "Just don't move, let me take care of you," she whispered, her hot breath wafting over my shaft. I found myself utterly paralyzed as Hailee brushed her long hair to one side and teased my entire manhood with her lips and tongue before finally engulfing the head. It was surreal. I'd never felt anything quite like it, it was as if she was making love to my cock with her mouth. I found it a constant struggle not to moan out loud as Hailee keenly serviced me, apparently eager to show off her skills.

I was enjoying her playing with my manhood but she then elevated this when she began deepthroating me and loudly gagging herself with my meat, I took my hands and undressed her until the only thing I could see was her curvy body. I was enjoying the experience too much that I failed to see how desperate she was too use the bathroom, she had such a huge bladder bulge and looking back on it now I’m glad I failed to see that. Hailee moaned as loud as she could as she blew me like a trumpet to the point I began bucking my hips involuntarily to meet her greedy mouth and enter her throat. “Fuck—you're gonna make me cum if you keep that up," I warned her, grabbing her thick ass. "Mmpphf—not yet," she begged. I slowly moved my greedy hands of her ass and moved them to her pussy. “Oh fuck! Don’t stop please,” she pleaded. I brushed my hand through her vagina, I watched as she moaned in absolute pleasure and then it happened...

Her floodgates opened she was peeing on me, my hand become sopping wet as she released her golden shower in full force. Her pee ran everywhere most of it went on my body and the rest went on my bed. I then slipped myself under her body to drink from her fountain and my god was it interesting, this whole experience made miss how I remember her when we were teenagers - young, innocent, naughty, sexy and mischievous. These were all qualities that she maintained through adulthood.

I was really enjoying the sounds of her hot golden urine pouring out of her aching pussy, but like everything in life I couldn't take anymore and forced myself to push her away. Hailee simply giggled at how breathless I was already. “Fucking hell! I’m sorry Maxi I didn’t mean to pee on you I forgot about going to the bathroom. I’m sorry I’ve been holding that in for 3 hours and I knew I would blown up soon.” "Hey, don’t you worry, I understand but I fucking enjoyed it how about you stay the night with me?”

“Oh my god yes! I’d love too.” I assured her that she could sleep with me before I manipulating her to bend over and stick her ass up.

Hailee bit her lip as she looked over her shoulder and I was about to give her the best sex she’ll ever have, but before that I asked her a question “Now Haliee, please tell me you weren’t hold in big logs of poo because I don’t want them to explode off in my face.”

“No Maxi, I have no urge to shit so do your best and don’t disappoint me.” "Good girl," I whispered, letting my fingers drift down to stroke and lick her ass. I felt her shapely legs tremble as I plunged my tongue into her sweet butthole. "Holy shit—fuck yes, don't stop!" Hailee panted, her fists gripping the cushions. "That feels so good!" She pleaded me to stick my fat cock inside her, I lifted her legs up "You ready?" I asked, whispered into her ear as I lined my cock up with her perfect ass. "Uh-huh, do it."

We both took a deep breath as I pushed in, wincing as I entered her butt for the first time in years. "Oh God—" she bemoaned as I stretched her. "Keep going, I fucking like it..." I wonder how often she'd played with her ass beforehand because it felt like she knew what to do or was she just trying to make me cum inside her. "Wow. Fuck, that feels amazing," she moaned as I wrapped my arms around her. "I love the way you fill my ass..."

"Yeah? Like that hard cock buried inside you?"

"Fuck. Seriously, don't move, I could cum just like this."

"Go ahead, I'm not going anywhere." Hailee sighed as she leisurely began rubbing her cunt while I remained embedded almost balls deep in her flawless derriere. Her ass gripped me like a searing vice but nothing on Earth was going to make me pull out in that moment while the twenty-year old starlet moaned and writhed against me.

She soon melted in my arms when I brushed her hair to one side and began kissing and licking the back of her sweaty neck before she turned her head to kiss me back. We remained fused together like this for some time until I felt her slip two fingers into her eager cunt. Rolling over I moved on top of her while she lifted her ass into the air giving me a new angle of attack, allowing me to slam into her hard and deep, making her head spin. "Ugh—oh fuck—nggh—yes!" she grunted. "Harder! Fuck that ass!" We were past the point of passion, it was pure, unadulterated lust that kept us going.

I warned her I had some frustration to take out on her and that's exactly what I was doing and, to her credit, Hailee was keeping up, taking it and wantonly begging for more. "C'mon, use me! Pull my hair, fuck me hard!" she pleaded loudly. It was something I'd quickly discovered about her years back, Hailee loved having her hair played with so it really set her off when I grabbed a fistful of it and cocked her head back, driving myself even deeper into her hole.

A few strokes later her entire body quaked violently and her mouth hung open in a silent scream as she came again. Her ring squeezed down on my so hard I was forced to pull out, quickly spinning her around as my cock erupted, spewing my load all over her pretty face before she opened her mouth and took my pulsing member inside. With one hand she massaged my balls as she greedily drained me dry before finally collapsing back on my bed with a satisfied smile on her messy face.

To Be Continued...

*002*2021-12-21 22:03

The light began to shine through the window, it was morning. I look at my phone next to me 6:30, I turned over to look back at Hailee sleeping - my god did she look cute sleeping. I tap her on the shoulder to wake her up but she did not budge, so I took my hand and rubbed her pussy and she instantly woke up. “Good morning Maxi, you naughty boy! Oh fuck me I have to go to the bathroom!”

“No please don’t go, do it in my bed. I wash it today, go on.”

“Maxi, thanks for giving me those rights, but the thing is I’ve never enjoyed bed wetting and I really have to go - sorry.”

She leaps out of bed as if she’s transforming back into human after playing a wild animal earlier in the morning. I watch her walk naked into my bathroom, I’m surprised she remembered where everything is in my house since she was 19. I heard her moan loudly while having a dump, oh my god the sound of Hailee’s huge logs hitting the toilet and every second so moaning in relief was such a turn on.

I barely couldn’t control myself I had to watch her go, my mind just couldn’t stop thinking about her. I walked my way to the bathroom, there I watched Hailee defecating into the toilet. I don’t know why I was so turned on watching her take a shit but something made me want to be close to her, I grabbed her leg and squeezed it hard. She looked up and instantly smiled looking at my face, I leaned in and kissed her on the lips. She grabbed my leg and like a spider climbed up it to grab my cock, oh did I love it when she played with my cock!

We both came out of the bathroom with so much excitement, I watched her slip herself back into her tracksuit from last night. I watched as she was going to put her pants on, however I noticed that her white panties she wore was not wet, so I slid my hand under her panties and started rubbing her covered up modestry. She grabbed my hand and knocked it out of the way, “Maxi, not now. You’ll get your time later.” Sometime has past since I decided to be naughty, as a result we got dressed together and we ate breakfast together, it was almost like we were married. I followed Hailee into the living room, not expecting what’s going to happen. I watch as she walks like a fashion model to the sofa, I’m imagining that she’ll lie down and persuade me to come over and have more sex, I know she’ll try to make me have more sex with her because she has a massive crush on me and knowing that her parents aren’t here is perfect as she’ll just play with me like her favourite toy.

However, as I’m to busy daydreaming of having sex with her, she’s absolutely desperate to pee as she’s holding herself and jumping on the spot. I was not focusing, but I knew drinking orange juice, water and coffee would make go sooner or later. I snap out and I look at Hailee my god, she’s desperate. “Maxi, what do I do, you were right orange juice, water and coffee don’t mix well.” My god! I nearly had an heart attack, she was about to burst and I can control her, so I commanded her that going to the bathroom is not going to happen throughout her stay, so in short the only thing I let her do was to wet herself.

She stared at me smiling, “Oh Maxi, you cheeky boy! You know how much I love humiliating myself in front of you, your wish is granted.” Within a matter of seconds I watch as she completely floods her grey tracksuit pants, I started to feel uneasy when I see her piss travel down her long legs and into her shoes. She looks up at me noticing my big grin on my face and looks down inspecting the big puddle she’s leaving.

A whole minute later after I cleaned up my girlfriend’s mess, we sat on the couch watching tv but at the same time Hailee was wearing no pants or panties during our binging on tv. I placed her clothes in the washing machine, thinking back on what I said earlier I couldn’t wait to see how she’s going to endure two days of no bathroom, but I remembered the time she told me that she had to hold her urge in during a music video shoot that went over time because of technical difficulties with the camera, which almost made the whole shoot more than an an hour.

She looked at me starring intently at my eyes and spoke, “Max what shall we do today. I would love to sit here and piss myself multiple times but I don’t want these weekends to feel like a bore to both of us.” I stop and think for a moment, “I agree, even though watching have all these embarrassing accidents are really fun, but I just wished there was some way that we could do some other things outside with no one playing the paparazzi on us.” Hailee thinks for awhile until she speaks again, “Hey, why not the beach? It’s not one hundred per cent the right weather for it so they will be less people or maybe even nobody on the beach.”

I knew it was a good idea, it was cold and not a lot of people would be on the beach. I get up from the sofa and noticed Haliee is gone with only her t-shirt and sports bra left hanging over a nearby armchair. I walk into my room and there she is completely nude. She turns around and I almost drop dead just by looking at her. God she’s beautiful I kept telling myself over and over, I felt a little stiff somewhere down bellow but I put that off trying my best to work out why she’s appearing naked to me. The famous actress and singer walks up to me and places her hands over my arms. “Darling, we have time to kill!” she says in a highly sexualised manner.

We are now currently enjoying our time on the beach, we used to come here often when we were younger. I vividly remember being close friends with her since age 14, I remember when we were on the beach and she’ll always purposely wet herself because she was always lazy to walk back and use the public restroom. But it was when we were 18 when I realised that we could become more than friends. We were sitting on our favourite spot since childhood, the old abandoned wharf. It was our lookout point, our special place, our private bathroom... Yes you did hear me clearly as Hailee grew older she became more and more naughty, I remember when she would use the broken bridge as her toilet. I remember vividly her squatting and loading huge logs of poo into the water below. But what I always remember from my memories was that when Hailee was 18 she would allow me to touch her anywhere I wanted - this was when my neighbour/girlfriend became a sex maniac.

I put my arm around her and she looked back at me, “Max, I’ve missed you a lot. I get that I’m a famous actress and singer but I’ve missed seeing you. You know I was asked on a talk show who was my favourite actor I worked with and the real answer is you. I’ve never met anyone so charming, funny, sexy and cute like you. I love you so much Maxi.” I could feel the sexual tension in the air, I knew this was just another scene where Hailee became so horny for me. I fell her hand squeezing my leg, I look at her and we decided to have another sex scene.

As we finished love making, we walked back to my car and drove back home. Once we returned home it night time and Saturday was almost finished, I knew that I have to make Sunday a worthwhile experience as it would be my last day hanging out with my girlfriend alone. I took her to her house and watched her go inside, at 11:00 I’m comfortably relaxing in my bed watching a movie when I hear my phone go off. It’s Hailee and she’s just texted me “Want 2 hang?”

To Be Continued...

*003*2021-12-29 22:32

I stared blankly at the screen like I was playing a video game. My mind was picturing scenarios of Hailee peeing herself, I was completely turned on. I started typing instantly, within a few seconds Hailee just texted me back “Maxi, I’m feeling very naughty tonight. Come meet me in the park near my house, it’s going to be great. No one will know we are there. I reach down to put my shoes back on and I raced to get outside after grabbing all of my essential items. I walked all the way to the park as it was in walking distance and upon arriving I could see that no one was out and about meaning that we had the whole park to ourselves.

As I walked further it started to feel creepy as the park was minimally lit and I was walking alone, the experience made me feel like I was in an intense scene of a movie - it made me feel like I was an actor like my girlfriend. God I wished I could be in one of her movies! I know I would get an Oscar for the role as the chemistry is real and we are what I imagine us to be in a movie..... lovers. As I was busy daydreaming, I saw a shadow of a girl walking. I had no idea if it was Hailee because she didn’t send me any pictures of what she was wearing, which was different because usually when she was horny and wanted my attention she would send me photos and texts to bait me to come see her, but today was different.

This whole scene made me feel like a spy on an mission to infiltrate an enemy’s lair or something, Hailee sure made me feel like I was James Bond on a mission to rescue a female acquaintance. I know she’s a big fan of the Bond films and I think she’s getting real kick making me act like one of her favourite movie characters. I hear someone laughing, it sounds like a girl and I expect it’s Hailee. As I walk closer to the laughter I notice stream flowing onto the dirt, I know exactly what going on. I run as fast as I could following the river to the mysterious source, there was my girlfriend wearing a crop top and a mini skirt with her legs bent over and peeing through a little opening through the side of her red panties.

“Fuck you Maxi! You took too long I couldn’t hold it in for much longer, I wanted you to punish me for being a bad girl.” Oh my god she wanted me to get her earlier, I reach to take out my phone and see so many unread texts from Haliee trying to hurry me up. “I’m sorry darling, I was caught up playing Bond.”

“Ah so you liked my spy themed introduction I gave you. God, you would make the best Bond and if people ask me why? I would tell them that you are the only one I fucked and enjoyed it.” I was in completely shock, hearing my girlfriend say that made me hard, she talked about me as I was an actor and this was a whole reversal of my horny 18 year old dreams. They all came back to me, I would imagine having sex and watching my hot and famous neighbour wetting herself in my dreams.

What I also dreamed was for myself to be successful, marry Hailee and live as a happy couple. I always loved her and seeing her left vulnerable made me naughty, I bent down grabbing her knee and slid my hand like a snake into her panties. I felt my hand become so warm and moist as she pissed full force through her panties, I took my other hand to take off her crop top exposing her breasts. “Fucking hell Maxi, I’m still going! I’ve holding that in for 5 hours who knew I could hold all that.” I reach over and take off her wet panties, as I slowly crepe it off her she pees straight into my face making this experience feeling like the famous Hollywood star Hailee Steinfeld was in need of a diaper change. Bloody hell, I did enjoy when she wanted to do age play, as Hailee fired her last stream onto me she crossed her legs and acted all innocent like nothing happened.

“Does somebody need a diaper change?” I asked teasing her, “For fuck sake Maxi, you just love to see me wet.” I froze in complete silence, she just turned me on to my highest level so to speak. I plucked my hand out of her and helped her up, we walked out of the park and back to my house. We sat and watched some TV together when I came up with an idea.... I just remembered I had a few bottles of Budweiser in the fridge and I offered Hailee some and she wanted some. So we sat and watched TV for sometime while getting drunk, we got so drunk that I couldn’t even remember what we were watching. Later on I woke up at 3 am recovering from our 1:30 party, I noticed that she was asleep but at the same time I noticed how she had a big bladder bludge. I looked at her sleeping body and pulled off all her clothes and I carefully moved her to the nearest bathroom which I placed her gently on the bathroom titles and tied her hands to the doorknob.

About 30 seconds later she wakes up confused where she is and she notices me standing next to the toilet, “Maxi, please... untie me please! I have to pee so badly....”

“Oh no honey, you see because you decided not to wait for me at the park you deserved to be punished.”

“No Maxi, please. I only did it because I couldn’t keep it in for much longer.”

“Liar, you did because you didn’t think I was coming. I still remember last year you held it in for 2 hours and then you held it for 4 hours the next day I saw you. I want you to hold that in for 5 hours. “Ok, anything for you Maxi.” I watch as she squirms and shifts herself for a couple of minutes, I can see her wincing at the sheer pain she has to endure.

An hour as now passed and Hailee hasn’t let go yet but the pain must be getting to her now, I hear her talking quietly to herself trying to convince herself that she can do it despite the pain. It was at this moment when I realised I need to go but I too would have to hold it because using the toilet would obviously cause my girlfriend to loose control. I watched as she was struggling to hold it in with all the pain resting on her, there was a couple of times I heard her moan both loudly and quietly, she shifts her legs outwards to relieve some of the pressure.

Just 2 hours have just about gone, by now the amazing actress and singer is absolutely struggling to keep it in, her bladder bludge has overgrown making her look pregnant. I walked over to my quivering girlfriend, she looked up to me feeling scared as if I was going to kill her and I noticed how she kept crisscrossing her legs probably to stop her from fear wetting herself. I gently placed my hand onto her thigh and rubbed it upwards and downwards, she felt pleasure with me rubbing her but she knew if she focused on me she’ll have an accident, so she tried her best to ignore it.

2 hours has just passed and the struggle is becoming unbearable, the sheer amount of times I saw her twisting and turning, moaning, swearing and screaming was just a big turn on. This was the first time ever I tied her up and wow it did feel very humiliating for her but enjoyable to me, but I’m sure she loved humiliating herself in front of me. That reminds me of the time where we went on a date and she didn’t use the public bathrooms because she always had this idea that the bathrooms were always dirty.

So we just came out of a fancy restaurant and we got into my car to go to the cinemas to watch a movie where Hailee confessed that she needed to pee really badly, I knew of her bathroom habits so I just drove to the cinemas without stopping. So once we arrive their Hailee runs into the women’s bathroom while I pay for the tickets however she ran out and rejoined with me because it was kept very badly with shit in the sink, pee on the floor, broken bottles on the floor, toilet paper everywhere and broken toilets - basically one completely hell hold.

So we entered the numbered room for our movie when I noticed her fidgeting quite badly and the aftermath etched in my head. So as the trailers were done all I remember is Hailee letting out a silent moan as if she was given birth on her seat, she turned to me and whispered “I can’t hold it in for much longer, I have to go so badly!” I was in shock after she said this that I fell into a trance and didn’t respond back to her she looked over at me eating some popcorn, so she learned over to me and asked if I brought a container. I was so perplexed by this that I didn’t know what was going on.

The opening logos of the movie came on and she ripped the popcorn box out of my hands and threw all of it out onto the floor, then ripped open her jeans and pull both her jeans and panties down. As the opening logos finished the opening scene started playing and as that footage was playing Hailee Steinfeld was forcefully peeing into a popcorn box and feeling so much relief that she let it go. That throwback made me lose focus on what was going on, I looked at the titles and saw that she let out a little as the tiles shimmered where her pussy lay. 3 hours was just around the corner could she do it? Maybe.... “I’m going to pee myself, I’m gonna get all wet!” She yelled at the top of lungs in between her deep breathing and slight moaning. “Please I need to....” She bent her head down and screamed Fuck as she exposed her vagina and crossed it tightly, “Please I can’t hold it much longer please!

I stayed absolutely silent and watched as she hid her womanhood and squeezed her legs together, “Please I need to go take a piss I’m going to pee myself!” She said while feeling terrified and on the verge of crying. Tears were now rolling down her eyes as she spoke “I can’t hold myself!” She winched once again at the pain and moved her head down, “Please!” She said through her moans. She moaned very loudly as tried to stand up and shift her ass back and forth. The pain was so unbearable that she couldn’t keep her legs straight she was constantly fidgeting by now and she tried braking free on her own many times but it was to strenuous on her that she knew if she forced herself to do it then she’ll be sitting in puddle full of her own golden mess. She pleaded for me to unchain her but I just let her be, “Max please.” She spoke in a soft innocent tone “I’m about to pee myself please!”

I was watching wide eyed now, I looked at her tired out body and it looked like she fell asleep for a few seconds until her legs jolted back into action and spread out, she fought back the pain and spoke “Please Maxi, let me pee, please!!!” Her head tilted upwards to lean onto the door as she wept in pain, “No no no no no!!!!” Hailee now had just let go another leak this time a more larger leak that splattered onto the cold tiles, “No!” she screamed as she watched herself starting to leak “Oh no, on fuck! No no no no no...” Miss Steinfeld gathers all the strength to hold back her floodgates there’s was no way she wanted to go without making to 4 hours at the moment she’s just about finished 3h and she knew that she just keep it in for a little longer.

She clenched her muscles, grunting and panting while she held back her flood. She talked to herself under her breath trying to convince her aching body that she could solider on for a few more minutes, I never heard much from her conversation with herself but I did hear her say please a lot. “Maxi darling how much do I have to go, I can’t barely keep it in for much longer.”

“You’ve got an hour to go.” She stared at me for a moment and peered back down at herself “A fucking hour to go!” I heard her mutter under her breath. She bit her lip and walked on her heals backwards so that she was just about resting on the bathroom door, she closed her eyes and panted loudly. She opened her eyes not long after and stared deeply into my eyes and said what do I do with tears gushing down her face. She bites her lip again and let’s out a moan, Hailee doesn’t realise that after her moan her body is starting to let go, she could feel a small stream of urine poring out of her “Ohh please! Please I’m peeing myself! No!”

Hailee regained control after her light stream and she knew that she couldn’t endure more pain she knew that her body wanted to give up but she didn’t want to. She did her best to block the flood inside for another minute which progressively turned into an hour, by 4h her body couldn’t keep anything in any longer so she bit her lip and decided to let it go. “I’m peeing!” I heard her scream. Just then a golden jet of pee shot out of her, I watched as she lay resting on the door eyes closed enjoying her flood escaping her. “Ahhhhhhh!” She sighed loudly as the bathroom titles became flooded with her hot pee. She couldn’t stop peeing, she couldn’t believe that she had all this pee stuck inside of her earlier, she opened her eyes and watched herself peeing nonstop and watched how she saturated the titles.

She looked up at me and said nothing but just looked at me, by now her stream started to fizzle out. “Oh my god! Oh my god!” She blurted out as she finished peeing, “I peed myself.” Cried Hailee Steinfeld. I watched her lower her head and started to cry loudly, she didn’t know that she actually held it in for 4h. I walked over to her and untied her, I placed my hand on her shoulder and comforted her, “Darling, I’m so proud of you. You successfully held it in for 4h and you made quite the mess.” I joked afterwards, she tilted her head to me and spoke “Did I! That’s wonderful, what can we do next?” She answered me fighting back her tears of agony.

To Be Continued...

