Futaba's kidnapped predicament (a persona 5 story)

Author: Bob222

*000*2024-12-13 04:01

“What the hell” the orange haired girl said out loud as she came to her consciousness. The last thing she could remember was getting grabbed by a man in a mask and having a gas used on her to pass her out.

When she looked around the room she made the assumption that it was some sort of janitor closet. She attempted to stand up, having to grab the side of a table to support herself, she immediately tried to open the door only to find it was locked.

“Great, just great, what the hell happened”. She said to herself as she tried to make some logical conclusion. While thinking of what could have happened, she felt her stomach start to twist a bit as the need to poop was slowly building. “God, how long was I out for, hope there’s a bathroom here”.

After a few minutes, Futaba heard the sound of the door opening as two men walked in. The two men were wearing dark clothing which looked similar to a uniform. They looked as though they had come straight from a mafia movie. Futaba immediately spoke up in a panic

“Oh god, i don’t want this” she said in a panic, her exposure to the internet meant she thought she knew where this was going.

“Relax, we aren’t here for you, we’re here for what you have.” one of the men spoke to her in a deep voice.

“What i have?” she was confused, Futaba had already checked herself and didn’t have any personal belongings on her. “What do you mean?” Futaba would usually be scared to talk like this, however, the situation along with Akira helping her meant she could somewhat keep calm, especially given her confusion.

“Do you recall what you ate earlier?” the man asked as Futaba stared at him confused. Earlier in the day Futaba went out with Akira to a restaurant for what was meant to be a fun date. She had eaten chicken alfredo at the restaurant and had mashed potatoes as a side dish. She had no idea how this was related to the current situation.

“Yeah, chicken alfredo with mashed potatoes on the side” she said her order to the man.

“Exactly. That restaurant was meant to be a location for us to transfer data with our associates, we usually worked in the back room while the waiters served food to avoid suspicion. Long story short, we had a micro sd card with information that could control the fate of the world, and our leader really wants to take control using that sd card.”

“How does this relate to me?” she interrupted the man, getting annoyed at the long discussion.

“That micro sd card went missing, and we found out it fell inside the plate of mashed potatoes which you ordered, do you get what i mean now?.” Futaba went silent for a moment to think, she then realised what the man was insinuating. These crime lords likely put it in a protective covering, meaning it was still intact inside her.

The man noticed Futaba’s change in expression. “Now, we can’t go killing you to get it out, the police are on our asses and we can’t risk that. So we’ll offer you an ultimatum. There’s a bathroom out there, if you wanna go take a dump and give us the sd card, we’ll let you go with no strings attached. And if you don’t, well, you better get comfy in this room.”

Futaba was stunned, what kind of situation was this, she could either take a shit and doom the world or be stuck here. Futaba panicked internally while worrying about each possible outcome. No matter what she considered, she couldn’t see any way out of this. Regardless, Futaba glared back at the man and gave her response. “Fuck you.”

The man simply sneered at her and turned to the other man. “Whatever, lock the door, she can’t hold it forever” the two men walked over to the door and left, locking it.

Futaba was now between a rock and a hard place. Futaba tried her hardest to find any possible escape route, but none were viable, the door was locked and the building was too high up for windows to be safe, the vent could have worked but it was too high up to reach, she would need someone to pull her up into it.

“Whatever, either the police or phantom thieves will arrive and get me out, just gotta wait” she thought to herself as she sat down on the bed to sleep. If she was sleeping she wouldn’t need to poop, which gave them more time to arrive.

1 hour later

Futaba hadn’t managed to sleep at all, the turd slowly trying to escape from her body wouldn’t let her. No matter what she tried, her body needed the bathroom.

Futaba tried a tactic she had used before, meditation, she sat down and took a deep breath, trying to focus her energy on both holding as well as calming down. This had thankfully helped her, although only a bit. Futaba continued to try and hold it, having to constantly grab her ass in order to avoid accidentally shitting herself. Normally she could ignore the shame of doing so given the situation, but those men would use any situation to get that sd card back and Futaba didn’t want to risk anything.

3 hours later

This was the end. The men had checked up on her once by this point, offering her the toilet again. Futaba was starting to genuinely consider it, even disregarding the embarrassment, her stomach felt as though it was constantly twisting, trying to push the shit out in any way, causing her massive stomach pain. Taking a dump would alleviate all of those problems.

Regardless, Futaba strengthened her resolve, she rejected the offer and kept holding on. And by now the men returned for a second time after hearing her loudly yell. Both Futaba and the men knew that this was it, it was coming out any moment now.

“Well, we gave you the choice, enjoy shitting yourself bitch. Wasting our time with this. We’ll wait outside for you to finish up” one of the men said as they both left the room, waiting for Futaba to release everything.

“Goddamnit!” why is this happening!” she thought to herself, desperately grabbing her ass, squeezing it as tightly as possible. She could feel her stomach twisting as she was on the verge of releasing everything.

Futaba sat down, accepting defeat. She knew she was going to shit, and in doing so, dooming the world.

“Hey! What are you-GAH!” she heard one of the men shout from outside the room, followed by a loud thud which sounded like someone falling on the floor. This was shortly followed by another loud yell and another thud.

“Wh-who’s there?” Futaba yelled out in a confused state, snapping her out of her depression over almost shitting herself, which she thankfully forgot about, causing her body to stop pushing it out for a moment.

The door opened up and Futaba heard a voice speak out to her. “Hey, you ok?”. Akira had walked in the room.

“How did you get here?” She asked him.

“I got Makoto to give me some details from Sae about these people. Don’t worry Futaba, I'm here to save…you…” he trailed off after turning to look at her, noticing her grabbing her ass while her face clenched up. “Are you ok?” he asked her.

“Not even close, these bastards kidnapped me just because I ate an SD card” she told him.

“You what?” he asked, confused after hearing her say she ate an SD card.

“Ugh, someone lost an SD card in the food we ate yesterday. Apparently it got stuck in my food and I didn't notice. So they wanted me to shit it out”

“You know the strange part is that this somehow isn’t the weirdest thing we’ve had to deal with before” he chuckled as she groaned in pain. “Come on, let’s get out of here, you can shit in peace then”. The two of them went to leave until they heard groaning outside as other voices came down the hallway. In a panic, Akira slammed the door shut.

The two of them looked around the room, they needed to find some escape or else they’ll be done for. Their eyes settled on the vent above them. Without saying a word, Akira lifted Futaba on his shoulders, letting her enter the vents, followed by himself. The two of them barely escaped the room before the other people entered the room below them.

Futaba and Akira made their way through the vents while trying to avoid making any noise. Having to stop multiple times as Futaba had to stop herself from shitting in the vents, not only would it be embarrassing for her but also unfortunate for Akira as he was right behind her.

As they made their way through the vents they found one possible exit, Futaba pushed it open and made her way out. The two of them left the vent and noticed they ended up on the roof of the building. “Wow, I knew the room was high up but I didn't know it was at the top of the building.”

“We’re lucky this building isn’t any higher or we might not have a way down, over here, we can take these stairs…Futaba?” He looked over to notice Futaba struggling to move as she held her stomach, squinting her eyes as she did. Akira grabbed her hand and pulled her over to the stairs, realising she wasn’t gonna hold it much longer.

As they made it to the bottom of the stairs, entering the nearby alleyway, they heard a voice call out to them. “They’re here!” It was the men who kidnapped her. In a panic, the two of them ran further into the alleyway, eventually getting to the other side of the city which was close to the beach. The two of them ran for cover in a nearby cavern, close to the shore.

After getting in the cavern the two of them went dead silent, the men were just a short distance away from the cavern entrance. After a few minutes their voices went quiet.

“Oh thank god, that was too close” she said, trying to stand up. Futaba put her hand on the wall for support, only to feel the wall move from her touch. The two of them looked at the wall perplexed, Akira reached over and pushed on the wall more forcefully, which revealed a small mineral water pond hidden behind the main cavern area.

The two of them then heard a voice. “Hang on, check the cave”. The men were coming into the cave, Futaba pulled Akira into the pond area and they moved the rock back into place to hide the passageway. The two of them went quiet for another few minutes until they heard the men shout out again. “Goddamnit they must have gotten away” the two men continued to talk as their voices got further and further away from the cavern.

Akira let out a sigh of relief now they were finally safe. “Come on, let's get…out” he trailed off as he saw her frantically pulling her shorts and panties down, lowering her ass to the pond. “Don’t judge me, I can't stop it” she said as she squatted in the right position.

Futaba pushed with all her might as the turd began making its way out of her ass. Akira reached over to hold her in place to make sure she didn’t fall backwards into the pond. Futaba continued to push for a minute straight as she released the almost days worth of build up she had inside her by that point.

After a couple minutes, the last bit of poop had come out her ass, Futaba tried to stand up only to struggle from the shaking in her knees, her body wasn’t prepared to release so much all at once. Akira held her to make sure she didn’t fall over as he passed her a few tissues he had in his back pocket. Futaba wiped herself and pulled her clothes back on.

“So…what did you think of the show?” she said, smirking as she looked at him.

“Futaba we could have just been killed” he retorted.

“Yes, but we didn’t, and you got to see me take another shit, are you a lucky man” she said back to him, reaching over to hold his hand.

“Well, you were crouching so I didn't actually see much, I was holding you from the front after all.”

“Aww, poor you…tell you what, you saved me, only right i thank you by giving you another show, later though i got nothing in the tank”

“Oh how sweet of you” he said as he moved the rock as they both left the cavern, laughing at the situation.

I hope you all enjoyed this chapter, i wanna know would you rather see more pee specific chapters for Futaba or a combination of pee and poop

