First Day on the Job

Author: BurstingStory

*000*2019-08-31 21:40

The sound of her alarm clock woke Nicole up. She rolled over and quickly silenced the annoying buzzing coming from her phone, as she rose from her bed. Rubbing her eyes, she stood up and stretched her arms out, yawning a bit. She grabbed her phone and exited her bedroom, heading for the bathroom. She quickly hopped into the shower, wanting to make it a quick one before leaving.

Today was Nicole's first day with her new job. She had applied a few months earlier and was ecstatic when she heard she got it. She would be working as an assistant for a large company downtown, taking calls and making appointments, among other things. Being a young 23 year old who had just graduated college, Nicole had a decent resume during the application process, but she hypothesized that her looks certainly boosted her status. She was medium built, not that tallest nor smallest girl around. She physically looked her age, but had a very innocent appeal to her, similar to someone in her youth.

Nicole quickly washed herself down, and exited the shower, drying off. She let her straight blonde hair flow down to her shoulders, as she quickly got dressed in her uniform. It was fairly standardized throughout the company, a white blouse and a black pencil skirt. Nicole adjusted her blouse, seeing the curves of her perky breasts.

Making her way into the kitchen compartment of her small apartment, Nicole turned on the coffee pot and started to brew a large mug of coffee. She always had a mug of coffee with her no matter where she went. Especially in the morning, Nicole found it necessary to wake up in the morning, and she wanted to be bright and lively for her first day of work.

As she waited for her drink to finish brewing, Nicole prepared everything else she would need for the day. She put it everything in a small backpack, mostly files that she would need to begin working on once she arrived at the office. As soon as she finished, Nicole heard the hissing noise of the pot, and she made her way back. She poured the coffee into her mug and put her cream and sugar into it. Fastening the lid on tightly, she popped open the hole to drink, and took a few sips, smiling at her creation. She placed it in her backpack and checked her phone.

"On time...perfect..." She grinned slightly as she grabbed her car keys and exited the apartment. Descending down the stairwell, Nicole made her way out to her car. It was an ordinary sedan, nothing special. She got in the driver's seat and turned the ignition on, starting to drive now. As she left her small side street and merged onto the highway, a new thought popped into Nicole's mind.

"Shoot...I forgot to use the bathroom..." Nicole muttered under her breath. In her focus to not be late she forgot to use the toilet, even though she passed it on the way to the shower. Almost if on cue, Nicole felt a slight pulse from her bladder, holding in a full night's worth of pee. She thought about it briefly, maybe pulling over to stop somewhere, but she figured she could wait. She could always stop by the bathroom before she started her shift.

As she drove on the highway into the city, the traffic started to snarl up, and crawled to a dead stop. Nicole groaned as she stopped her car, and pulled out her coffee. She was a bit thirsty and started to drink, downing nearly a quarter of the mug without even realizing it. She continuously checked her watch, as the minutes passed by ever so slowly. Her on time pace was halted, and she was soon running a bit late.

"Now is not the time..." Nicole groaned, exasperated by now. She had been stuck in traffic for nearly twenty minutes now, and she was becoming more frustrated by each passing second. A few agonizing minutes later, the traffic finally lifted, and Nicole continued driving. An automated sign soon told her what she already assumed, that there was an accident blocking most of the lanes, and that it took a while to clean it up. She muttered a bit, but it was out of her control. All she could do was get there as soon as possible and hopefully not get chewed out by her boss.

Exiting off the highway, Nicole soon arrived to the parking garage nearby her building. She paid for her spot and quickly exited her car. She grabbed her coffee mug and backpack and started making her way down the sidewalk, towards her building. She was around ten minutes late, and she hustled as fast as she could without ruining her outfit. Opening the main door of the office building, Nicole walked quickly towards the employee door and she was immediately greeted by a stern looking man.

"Are you Nicole? You're a bit late..." He spoke abruptly, without even introducing himself or allowing her to do the same. "Come with me...I'll show you your desk." He motioned with his hand to follow.

"Can I just use the bathroom..." Nicole started to speak but the man quickly turned around and shook his head. "You're already late and now you're asking for the bathroom? You should've gone before you left your house." He interjected before leading her out to the main working space. It was a basic looking floor with cubicles scattered all around. He led her down the aisles to an empty and depressing looking cubicle, unlike all of the other more lively ones that had been occupied for some time.

"I assume you have been assigned the files to work on? It's mostly scheduling that I believe the boss wants you to complete." He said, and Nicole gave a quick nod. "I have it right here." Nicole spoke calmly and pulled out a folder with some papers in it from her backpack. The man nodded and finally introduced himself. "I forgot to give my name...I'm David..." He acknowledged, his voice a bit more polite now.

Nicole gave a polite smile and nodded. "It's nice to meet you David..." She spoke softly, as David soon motioned back to her desk. "You should get started, if you need something, I'll be around." He said before leaving.

Nicole organized her belongings and pulled out the files she needed. Everything was soon in neat piles and she started typing on her computer. Nicole took frequent sips from her coffee, not even realizing that she downed the mug within the hour. She also remembered that she could now find the bathroom, but she was so engrossed in her work, and she didn't want to make a bad impression by frequently getting up, especially after being late.

Nicole glazed over the papers in her folder, arranging each appointment on a scheduling website, for the bosses to use. It was now around 11 AM and she finished her first major task for the day. Rising from her desk, Nicole grabbed her mug and exited her cubicle. She made her way down to the aisle toward the main hallway. She pulled up to a large table with refreshments including a coffee pot that was nearly full.

As she poured the pot into her mug, Nicole turned to a female worker who was getting a snack. "Excuse me, I'm new here...do you know where the bathrooms are?" She asked politely, as she finished pouring from the pot, and started getting her cream and sugar.

"They're down the hallway and to the right...but the boss doesn't like employees using the bathrooms during shifts. He says it's bad for our productivity or what not." The employee said with a sigh as she walked off. Nicole muttered softly as she finished her coffee and returned back to her desk.

By now, much of the coffee that Nicole downed earlier in the morning was filling her bladder, and she could feel her urge to pee intensify, and this was added onto a bladder that had been holding since the night before. A dull urge soon became a larger need, and Nicole could feel her bladder with every slight movement. Despite this, Nicole drank her coffee impulsively, not even realizing that she was drinking. It had simply become second nature for her to do so at this point.

Nicole quickly returned to her desk and waited around for a bit. She had around thirty minutes before her lunch break started but she wanted to be as productive as possible. She started working on a spreadsheet for some of the company's finances but found it hard to focus.

The dull urge in Nicole's bladder was swelling up to become more of an urgent need. She started squirming around in her chair, trying to be as discreet as possible but it was near impossible to sit still. She tried focusing on the task at hand, but she simply sighed and turned her monitor off. She pressed her hand into her skirt, trying to hold as best as possible. With her break approaching, Nicole formulated a plan in order to use the bathroom and relieve her achingly full bladder. She would simply excuse herself to go to the bathroom as everyone was heading out for lunch, and she would be good to go for the rest of the day.

Soon, many of the employees stood up and started to head for the exits. A relieved Nicole soon rose, but a wave of desperation rushed over her, and she jammed her hands into her neat skirt to try and hold. It would be incredibly embarrassing to wet herself at her workplace, and she figured it would be hard to forget. She took a few deep breaths and composed herself, just in time as someone walked up to her desk.

"Hey...you're Nicole right? The new employee? My name is Alice..." The figure welcomed, extending her hand with a smile. She appeared to be around 30, but was a bit on the shorter end in terms of height. She was dressed similar to Nicole, but her figure was slimmer, and less pronounced. "I was planning on going out to lunch alone, but I figured it might be good to get to know each other, if we're going to be coworkers, and maybe lunch is a good way to do it?" She offered, her smile unwavering.

Nicole briefly thought about it before nodding her head. "That sounds good!" She said cheerfully, obviously trying to hide her building desperation within her bladder. "I just have to use the bathroom before we go..." She interjected motioning over towards the hallway.

"Oh don't worry, there's much nicer bathrooms in the restaurants...the ones in the office aren't really that good..." Alice said, as she started to walk down the aisles. "Come on, or there will be a long line..." She motioned with her hand.

Nicole quickly gathered her things and sighed, as she followed Nicole out of the main office space and down the hallways, passing the bathrooms along the way. As they passed the women's restroom, the sounds of toilets flushing could be heard, and it reminded Nicole of her unreleased bladder that was desperately begging for release...

*004*2019-09-02 18:23

Following Alice out of the building, Nicole emerged onto the main street, where people were busy moving about, many on their lunch break as well. Alice motioned with her hand to follow as she turned down the street, as Nicole followed.

"Where exactly are we going?" Nicole asked as she caught up to Alice, striding alongside of her.

"It's a cafe sort of place. Very good place to eat, and it's quick as well." Alice replied calmly, as Nicole nodded quickly. It wasn't that she wanted to be rude, but she had to find a bathroom fairly soon, or she was certain that she would be having some issues. Her skirt pressed firmly against her expanding bladder, and there was a noticeable bulge where her skirt and blouse met.

Nicole attempted to subtly soothe her aching bladder, rubbing her skirt gently, feeling the sizable bump where her bladder was. However, Alice noticed the movement and raised an eyebrow.

"Hey Nicole...are you ok?" Alice inquired, looking over at Nicole, who appeared a bit flustered.

"Me...oh, I'm ok!" Nicole said, removing her hand and putting it back at her side. "Just a bit hungry is all..." She spoke confidently, attempting to change the subject to divert attention away from her.

Alice seemed to accept this, but was a bit suspicious, eyeing Nicole over once more but slowly turning her attention back to walking. The pair walked for a few more minutes before arriving at the shop. It was a bit empty, which was surprising considering the lunch rush, but Nicole didn't mind at all. Her attention was solely on using the bathroom, which she intended to do the first chance she got.

Alice led Nicole to the front of the line where they would order their food.

"I'll just get a ham sandwich and a soda..." Alice ordered, as she started to pay for her food. Nicole glanced over the menu and found what she wanted. "I'll just take a tuna sandwich...and no drink." She ordered as the cashier looked at her. "You get a free drink, are you sure you don't want any beverage?" The man offered, unaware of Nicole's plight. Unwilling to turn down a free drink, Nicole sighed softly. "I'll just take a Coke." She said softly, as she paid and moved off to the side.

"I'll be right back Alice, I'm just going to use the ladies room." Nicole said, motioning over towards the sign that marked the restrooms. Alice gave a quick nod as Nicole excused herself, walking briskly towards the restroom. She was incredibly excited to relieve her full bladder, and came up to the door of the women's restroom. However, to her dismay, the door was locked with a note on the door.

"Sorry restaurant patrons, the women's restroom is closed for the time being due to a plumbing issue, we are attempting to resolve this issue as soon as possible." Nicole read the note to herself, as her jaw dropped. Being so close to relief and yet so far had a tremendous effect on her morale, and Nicole squeezed her legs tightly together as a surge of desperation came over her, and she had to use all of her muscles to refrain from wetting herself in the restaurant.

Taking a few deep breaths, Nicole rubbed her hand over her achingly full bladder, trying her best to soothe it, being in a bit more private place. After she confirmed she wouldn't wet herself, Nicole returned to the main sitting area where Alice waved her down. She picked up both bags of food along with their drinks, and had picked out a high table for the two to eat at.

Nicole made her way over and climbed on to the high table, as Alice already started to eat. Nicole looked at her bottled soda and was tempted to drink from it, being quite thirsty at time from just the walk over. She didn't want to fill her bladder up even more and simply shook her head as she unwrapped her sandwich, beginning to eat from it.

"So Nicole...why did you want to work at the company?" Alice asked, beginning to make some small talk. Nicole was listening, but had more pressing needs, her legs were squeezed tightly underneath the table. She looked up, and slowly started to respond.

"Well...I always wanted to work in business...and I figured it would be a good place to...start off..." Nicole spoke softly as she took a bite out of her sandwich. Alice nodded as she took a sip from her drink.

"I'm in a similar spot...it's not a bad job...but it's just long hours...and the boss is a bit strict." Alice admitted as she took another bite from her sandwich. "But it is a great place to start working out at...and you're quite lucky that you got the job." Alice gave a polite smile towards her.

Nicole returned the smile as she ate from her food. It was quite delicious but midway through, she became a bit thirsty. She sighed a bit as she opened her bottle of Coke and started to drink from it. She didn't realize how thirsty she really was, as the next thing she realized was that she downed half of the bottle. It was simply her impulse that told her to keep drinking, but it was certainly not giving her any favors right now.

"Easy there Nicole, if you drink too much you might have to go to the bathroom again!" Alice teased, chuckling a bit. She was still under the impression that Nicole went to the bathroom beforehand, which she was unable to. Nicole managed a slight smile and laughed nervously. It was just another reminder of the true predicament that she was in, and a solution was not in sight.

Nicole cleared her throat as she started to speak again. "So Alice...how long have you worked at the company for?" She asked, diverting the subject away from anything involving bathrooms. "About a year..." Alice responded calmly as she took another bite from her sandwich. "Started as an intern and made my way up to an assistant now." She responded as she soon finished up her meal.

Likewise, Nicole soon finished up as well as she cleaned up her trash. "Should we get back to the office now? I...have a lot of things to do..." She spoke softly, making up an excuse, wanting to get back to the bathrooms in the office.

Alice seemed to accept this as she hopped down from the high table and dumped her trash, taking Nicole's as well. Nicole soon followed but as soon as she got down from the table, she felt another strong push from her bladder, the sudden movement strongly irritating her already swollen bladder. She pressed her hand against her skirt, loosening it just a bit to alleviate the pressure being placed on it. She soon took a deep breath as she followed Alice out of the cafe.

Just as soon as they left, Alice got a phone call. She briefly stopped to take it, much to Nicole's dismay. She was eager to get back to the office and alleviate her growing discomfort. She was tempted to walk back on her own, but she didn't want to appear rude, especially to someone who offered to go out in the first place. The call only took a minute or so, and Alice soon hung up the phone.

"There appears to be a slight issue back at the office..." Alice said, frowning slightly as she spoke.

"What is it?" Nicole asked, unsure if she wanted to know or not.

"There was an issue with one of the toilets in the ladies room on our floor, and it's leaking water throughout the bathroom. So it appears that the restroom by our office is shut down for a bit." Alice narrated as she started to walk back.

Nicole's jaw dropped as she whimpered softly, as she rubbed her growing bulge gently. "But...but..." She attempted to say, but there was nothing she could do. She could always use the restrooms throughout the building, but she didn't know where they were. It was either that or go back to work and hope they fixed it in time for her to use the bathrooms on their floor. However, neither option seemed appealing to Nicole, especially with her achingly full bladder that was screaming for release...

*008*2019-09-06 02:24

Nicole and Alice continued to walk back to the office, but Alice was taking her time. They still had a few minutes left in their lunch break, and Alice was in no hurry to return to the office to sit in a cubicle for the rest of the day, unaware of Nicole's plight.

"Excuse me...Alice, can we head back a bit quicker? I have...a lot of work left to do for today." Nicole said, making up an excuse as to why she was eager to head back to the office. She had to find a bathroom quick, or she would likely have some serious problems.

"On your first day? I guess the company really is busy..." Alice shrugged her shoulders and hurried her pace up a bit more. Nicole sighed in relief as she followed quick behind, as the duo eventually arrived back at the office.

"I'll catch up with you Alice...I'm gonna stop and try and find another bathroom in the office." Nicole said as they walked through the main doors. Alice looked back at her briefly. "Good luck...I'm not sure where they are..." She shrugged her shoulders and walked off. Nicole nodded her head as she adjusted her skirt, loosening it even more to alleviate the pressure on her bloated abdomen.

Nicole walked in a hurried pace as she went into the main lobby of the building. Surely there would be guest restrooms which she could use. She looked up and saw the familiar icon for the bathrooms and made her way over. She opened the door handle and was dismayed at what she saw. There was a long line of ladies waiting for the bathroom, roughly seven or eight, and there was only one stall. Nicole's jaw dropped as she sighed softly and quickly left. She would have to find an alternative bathroom, as she knew there would be an issue by the time she got to the front.

However, before she could walk any further, a voice called out to her. "Excuse me...where do you think you're going?" Came a booming voice behind her. Nicole turned around and saw the man she met earlier, David.

"Look I'm sorry...I just need to find..." Nicole started to speak, desperately trying to get her point across. Before she could finish, David held his hand up and shook his head, frowning slightly.

"Whatever it is I'm sure it can wait...the schedule you made today has to be taken up to the board meeting...like right now." David ordered, without letting Nicole input anything else into the conversation. She simply nodded her head and sighed softly as she returned to her office to collect the schedule she made. As she walked by the bathrooms that were closed she could hear the stream of water trickling down, and the sounds of toilets flushing from inside the room. She was so close yet so far to that every so desired release.

Nicole returned to her cubicle and picked up her printed schedule. She looked down and took a deep breath. "Easy Nicole...I give them the schedule...and I find a bathroom on that floor...it'll be nice and easy..." She said calmly, trying her best to reassure herself that she could hold her bursting bladder. She took a moment to close her cubicle and make sure nobody was looking.

Nicole undid her skirt to fully take the pressure off of her bladder, as she lifted her blouse slightly. She rubbed her bladder gently with her hand, taking shallow breaths as she did so. She reached into her panties just in time for her to leak out slightly. She suppressed a gasp as she leaked into her panties, dampening it, along with her hand. She jammed her hand into her crotch, attempting to stabilize the situation that was worsening.

After a few tense seconds, Nicole regained control of her aching bladder and took a deep breath. She put her skirt back on, continuing to make sure it was loose. She wiped her hand with a wipe and picked up the schedule, composing herself before heading towards the elevator.

Nicole pressed the button to go up to the top of the building, waiting for it to move. As soon as the elevator moved, Nicole's bladder reacted in a negative way, unhappy with the sudden jostle of movement as the elevator rose to the top.

As the doors opened, Nicole stepped out, walking towards the board room with a large stride, trying to get this over as quick as possible. As she approached the room she saw a variety of executives talking, most of them appeared to be engrossed in something. She knocked on the door politely, as one of them opened the door and she stepped in.

"Hello...my name is Nicole...and I have the schedule for the rest of the week regarding the meetings..." She said, placing the copy in the middle of the table for everyone to see, as she took a step back. She watched everyone study it, as she prayed that they would simply let her go.

"Thank you miss...I appreciate your attention to detail, this is all well done." One of the executives complimented, nodding his head.

"Thank you...it's my first day and all..." Nicole spoke, a bit nervous. She was slightly intimidated by them, but she was trying not to show it, especially with her full bladder. How embarrassing it would be to wet herself in front of the people that could make her career.

One of them cleared his throat. "You can leave now if you would like...I'm sure you are a very busy woman..." He spoke and Nicole quickly nodded her head. She truly wasn't that busy, but had other more urgent needs. She excused herself politely and emerged back in the busy hallway. She started walking in the opposite direction of the hallway, hoping to find a bathroom. She was near positive that there was one on the floor, she just had to find it.

However, to her dismay, there was no bathroom in sight, and Nicole had to think fast. She knew her control was slipping, and that there were no other options. She couldn't make another trip down, as she was positive she would wet herself in the elevator. But with no other bathrooms in sight, she had to take a chance and find an empty room to relieve herself. Nicole spotted an unremarkable door and she opened it, finding it unlocked. She stepped in to find herself in a large office, one that appeared empty.

Nicole looked around, and found another door, one that was marked with a word she had been desperately searching for.

"Private Restroom" Nicole saw and she beamed widely. She found what she was looking for, and she could finally relieve her bursting bladder. She turned the handle to open the door but a voice interrupted her action.

"Excuse me miss...what do you think you're doing?" Nicole heard, and the blood in her veins froze. She turned around to find herself looking at the CEO of the company...

*012*2019-09-11 20:16

(Sorry for the delay, I have been a bit busy.)

The CEO raised his eyebrow as he walked forward towards Nicole. Her face was in clear despair, knowing that she only had a minute or so before completely losing control of her filled bladder. Her hands were jammed into her skirt, trying to do her best to hold, not caring what he thought of her at this particular moment.

"I'm sorry...I just...I really have to go to the bathroom..." Nicole admitted bluntly, as she motioned back to the private bathroom behind her. She discreetly inched her way back, slowly moving her feet backwards.

"Excuse me...not so fast." The man held his hand up, shaking his head. "Who are you? And what are you doing in my office? There's bathrooms all around the office, and it doesn't explain how you ended up in my office." He spoke sternly, shaking his head.

"I...I saw the door was unlocked...and I really have to go badly...and I thought that there might be a bathroom here...the one on my floor is closed..." Nicole whimpered, nearly on the verge of tears. She could feel her control loosening, and she leaked out slightly into her already damp panties. She had never experienced anything like this in her life. Not only was the idea of wetting herself bad enough, but to do it in front of the man who ran the entire company, and could probably have her fired if he truly wanted to. After all, she did enter into his office without his permission.

"That's not a good excuse miss...I'm going to have to ask you to leave..." The man said, as he motioned towards the door, stepping back towards his desk. He sat down at his desk, crossing his arms. "I don't really want to ask again, but I will call security on you." He ordered harshly, not wanting to hear anymore from Nicole, despite her plight and obvious desperation.

Nicole could do nothing but lower her head as she walked back towards the door. She was so close to being able to use the restroom that she desperately coveted, but was unable to do so. She shuffled her feet back out towards the door and slowly exited, shutting the door behind her.

By now, the board meeting was finished, and the executives were exiting the meeting room that Nicole visited just a few minutes ago. One of them noticed Nicole, and made a point to motion towards her. "Ah, there you are! I was hoping you didn't get too far! Since you did such a great job with your first assignment, we have something a bit more major for you to do. In fact, the boss of the entire company has an assignment for you." The executive said, all with a smile.

As the group of executives started walking towards Nicole and the CEO office, Nicole could no longer control her aching bladder. Her control started to slip, and there was nothing she could do. She completely lost control of her bladder, and a rapidly spreading warm spot spread across her panties, completely soaking them in a warm spot of Nicole's pee.

Nicole tried squeezing her legs together to stop, but there was no stopping it. Her pee started trickling down her legs and onto the floor, and soon trickled directly from her panties, making a distinctive sound against the linoleum floor. The entire hallway went silent as they simply watched in awe as the perky young assistant wet herself in a public area, in front of some of the richest men in the company.

Nicole's facial expression turned from shocked to relieved, as her aching bladder was finally released an a torrent of pee, and she didn't have to worry anymore about holding it all in. She looked around at everyone in the hallway, and their attention was all focused on her. They looked both shocked and a bit angry. They couldn't see how a professional employee was unable to hold their bladder like Nicole was forced to do.

The only sound could be heard was Nicole's urine splashing down on the floor creating a puddle at her feet. She continued peeing for nearly two whole minutes, as her bladder emptied all of its contents onto the floor. By the time Nicole was finished, she took a deep breath and tried to compose herself. She couldn't bear the embarrassment and shame that she brought herself, and she quickly ducked her head and made her way back towards the elevator. As soon as the elevator doors shut, she sobbed softly into her hands, ashamed of what had just happened. She soon got to her floor and quickly grabbed her things. She didn't even bother saying goodbye to anybody, knowing it would likely be her last day anyway here. She simply grabbed her purse and exited, not wanting to be there when word spread of what happened.

Nicole descended back down towards the lobby and exited the building, heading back to her car as fast as she could. As she entered her car, she pulled out her phone. She looked at it, having a text notification from one of her friends.

"Hey Nicole, how's your first day of work?" Her friend texted, and as Nicole read the message, she could only frown and shake her head, as she departed back for home.

