Danville

Author: Bravestone

*000*2018-12-06 14:10

Second attempt at fiction. Had an idea I wanted to run with a little. No idea for a title because if it is popular I'd like top continue. So a city name seemed appropriate.

###

3 women sitting on a park bench while there kids played. Darla , Jen, and Ronie. Brought together as moms at the same elementary school. Jen was divorced but amicably. Ronie a single mom and Darla happily married. Their 5 year old daughters sped around the playground the past hour in childhood bliss. The mom's lost in conversation of work, life, gossip and recent events.

Jen pauses a moment and looks at her child. "Hold on girls. I'll be right back." She proceeds to approach her daughter and bring her into the building. Returning a moment later.

"Everything alright," Darla asks?

"Oh yeah. I had been watching her fidget past 20 minutes. Figured I'd better insist on a potty break before she needed a change," Jen said. She sighed and then volunteered, "She gets so engrossed in what she's doing and refuses to go to the bathroom. I thought that would fade after 3 or 4. Ughhh. She's just like her dad."

Darla and Ronie giggled. Darla asked, "Did Jack do that as a child a lot?"

Jen scoffed , "Huh. Yeah. As a child? Still. Um oops"

"He's like 34? What do you mean?" Darlas asked while laughing. Ronie's ears perked up too and she listened quite intently. She felt her heart race a little.

Jen didn't like to intentionally harm her daughter's father but these were her friends. She could trust them. Jen started, "Um well. He's 37 actually. He's always had a hard time leaving things unfinished. Home projects, office assignment, even email at times. Wasn't really a problem until mid 30's. First time was filing our taxes 2 years ago. Something didn't add up. He went over and over and over the numbers. All of the sudden I hear the chair fall and he ran off. There was a puddle under the chair and I caught him removing his very wet pants in the laundry room. Soaked! He was so embarrassed. He just wanted to be left alone. We never spoke of it again. Or any of the other times. I suspect there were even more that I didn't know. Like times he felt inspired to run the laundry. He never did laundry before."

She paused and looked at her feet wondering if this discourse was wise but her friends were loving the dirt. "Best was last Christmas together he was assembling a toy for our daughter. A piece wouldn't fit, or wasn't in the package, or was the wrong piece. I don't remember. He was fidgeting, and grabbing clearly needed to pee. He got the piece in and continued. I asked if he wanted to take a break TWICE and he said that he was so close. 4 steps left. 20 minutes later I hear him groan and I watched on in shock as his crotch got wetter and wetter and wetter. Jack!!!! You're peeing your pants I said! Oh I wanted to yell at him but I felt bad too. Ugh Why wouldn't he go to the bathroom?"

Darla and Ronie cupped each cupped a hand over their mouths as their jaws dropped. "No way!" Darla exclaimed.

The the three of them laughed heartily together.

"Yeah. Lots of laundry," Jen said as she let out a long sigh. "At least my daughter will go pee when I tell her." With that she giggled to herself.

"And I thought you were done with Diapers!" Darla said. Entertaining herself as she laughed even harder. "Oh now I'm going to pee!" that brought even more hysterics.

"Yeah me too," Ronie said semi-seriously. Ronie was the only one of the the three who had accidents after childbirth. Occasionally even wearing tenas. The others knew that and probably remembered it peering at Ronie as their laughing quickly abated.

Ronie couldn't help thinking of Jack wetting his pants. It kinda turned her on. Maybe she should pay him a visit. Yeah she told herself that their paths would cross really soon.

Conversation continued and the 3 ladies parted ways with hugs promising to get together soon.

### Have to break here for a few

### Next chapter soon ###

*002*2018-12-06 22:51

{{26 minutes ago, desperatewet said:

Nice!

}}

Thank you

