The Hour after Work

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2022-07-26 01:43

Danielle Alvarez was a beautiful mixed race Afro-Latina woman with extremely curly black hair that reached past her shoulders. The 28-year old was in her cubicle, legs crossed tight. She was wearing a white dress shirt and a grey knee length skirt as well as black heels.

Danielle had taken on an extra hour of work to finish all her tasks before the weekend, this meant an extra cup of coffee from the floor’s machine. The hardworking woman had been thinking more on keeping concentrated than on what impact another cup of coffee would have on her bladder when she hadn’t been in hours.

Not that she was suffering, she could easily wait til she finished than slip to the woman’s room, but she was still aware that there was urine inside her waiting to be left out.

Across the floor was Ethan Harlon, a 25 year old white guy who just started working at the company a month ago. Fresh out of Graduate School, Ethan wanted to prove that he belonged there, taking on extra hours almost everyday.

Ethan also liked taking on extra hours for another reason, to see the beautiful woman that worked on the far side of the floor. He had only spoken to Danielle in passing a few times, but in that short time become enamored with her. He knew she was older, and probably married, but he couldn’t help but wonder what if?

Danielle was quite interested in the new guy on the floor. He had glasses and somewhat curly auburn hair, and he looked older than he was, she was surprised to hear from other coworkers he was only 25.

She had ended her previous relationship only three months ago and had sworn not to start another for at least a year, but this new guy was making her reconsider.

Her thoughts were interrupted by her bladder. She finally decided to call it a day and make her way to the woman’s room. She shut down her computer and put on her black suit jacket before heading to the ladies. Her heels loudly clacked against the floor the whole way.

Danielle made it and reached for the doorknob only to be greeted with a locked door.

“Damnit.” She muttered to herself. Not that she couldn’t hold it, but she didn’t want to spend the whole 20 minute subway ride to her apartment thinking about her bladder. She turned towards the elevator and began walking.

Ethan finally began closing up for the day. He felt a familiar pressure in his lower half but chose to ignore it. He didn’t need to go pee very bad, and his apartment was a five minute walk away. He made his way to the elevator and pressed the button for the bottom floor when he heard a voice.

“Hold the elevator!” Danielle rushed over as fast as she could in her heels. Ethan open the door as the woman stepped in.

“Hey.” He said with a smile. He felt butterflies looking at this beautiful woman.

“Hi.” Danielle responded.

They stood in silence as the elevator began its descent. Ethan tried not to think about it but he couldn’t help but notice Danielle’s ass in her tight skirt.

Suddenly, there was a loud screeching noise and the elevator came to a sudden halt.

“What the hell?” Danielle yelled out.

“The button to open the door isn’t working.” Ethan tried pressing it repeatedly.

“Try pressing the emergency button.”

“Hello is anyone there, we’re trapped in here. Can someone call the fire department?” Ethan spoke into the phone area as he held down the button.

“Man this can’t be happening.” Ethan couldn’t believe he was stuck like this only a month in.

“I don’t think anyones coming.” Danielle shook her head in disbelief. They could be waiting all night til someone comes in the morning.

“Guess I might miss my show tonight.” Ethan joked, trying to break the tension.

“I was gonna get drinks with my friends later this evening.”

“Well if you got coffee or something you could pretend.” Ethan joked again.

Danielle didn’t like the joke though, because it reminded her of her bodily need. Would she really be holding it all night? She was a mature, career oriented woman; she would not let herself be stressed by such a childish need.

She casually crossed her ankles and continued to put in as professional of a face as she could.

Ethan was also feeling it. He as starting to worry if he had underestimated how much he needed to go. No matter what he would not embarrass himself and squirm around in front of this gorgeous woman.

The two continued to stand in silence, checking their cell phones and looking around until Danielle decided to break the ice.

“You like it here so far?”

“Oh yeah, pay is great, people are nice.”

“Definitely. I think I will be getting a raise by the end of the year.”

“Lots of more nights drinking with that money.”

“Yeah” But not drinking anything right now. Danielle thought to herself.

It had been around of half hour of chit chat when Danielle had to start shifting her legs slightly. She would have been home by now in normal times, and her bladder decided to remind her of that fact.

“Are you okay?” Ethan asked.

“Oh yeah it’s nothing.” Danielle said with a fake smile. She refuses to let on that she needed to go.

Ethan was also starting to feel it. He had his hand in his pocket discreetly holding himself. He wasn’t sure how long until his dress pants turned a much darker shade of grey.

About an hour later Danielle was struggling to stand still. Her heels were loudly clacking against the floor of the elevator.

“Are you sure you’re okay?” Ethan asked.

“Oh yeah, I’m fine.” She placed her hand in front of her skirt.

“You don’t seem very okay.” Ethan said as Danielle bent forward and groaned.

“All that coffee today went straight to my bladder.” Danielle said, embarrassed. She couldn’t remember the last time she needed to go this bad.

“Well if it makes you feel any better, I do have to go as well.” Ethan said before looking down. He was tapping his right foot. “You could say we’re in this together. Let’s talk about something else, where were you going too tonight?”

“Well I was going to the Blue Night bar with my friends.”

“Hey, I love that place. What if we went sometime?”

“I-I uh” Danielle started to blush. She couldn’t believe she was acting like a little girl. “I’d love too.”

“We got something to look forward too when we get out of here, y’know?”

“Not as much as I look forward to getting to a toilet.” Danielle said as she recrossed her legs again.

“Yeah I have to piss, I can’t hold it much longer.” Ethan said, grabbing the front of his trousers.

“How can we pee in here?” Danielle pressed both hands hands into the front of her skirt.

“Well, there is a way I can go, I don’t know about you though.”

“How could you go?”

“I can force open the door and pee in the crack between the elevator and the wall, but I wouldn’t want to leave you suffering alone.” Ethan offered out his hand.

Danielle took it but she nodded in approval. “You can go… if I can hold it while you do.”

Ethan’s face turned red. “I-if you say so.”

Danielle held down the button to open the door and Ethan pulled as hard as he could (without pissing himself). The door came open a decent amount and the wall of the elevator cavern could be seen.

He ripped open his fly and pulled out his cock. Danielle wrapped her hand around it and squeezed tight.

“I can’t go.” Ethan’s cock turned fully erect. No matter how hard he tried nothing would come out.

“Maybe I can make it come out.” She stroked up and down.

“Ah-fuck” it shit out like a jet stream. Danielle held his dick for a couple seconds before the sound was too much for her. She took her hand away and tried covering her ears. The sound of piss so close by was almost too much to handle.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck!” Danielle pressed both hands deep into her crotch as Ethan’s stream went into the crevice. She danced around, heels clacking louder than ever.

“Ethan, Ethan I need to get out. I need to pee now!” She curled her leg up behind her. Any semblance of respectability went out the window.

Ethan zipped up his fly and turned towards her.

“A think a kiss would distract you.” He smiled

“Worth a try!”

The two locked lips, Danielle keeping her hands over her skirt. She knew this wasn’t helping, but she wanted to kiss him anyways.

Suddenly, Ethan turned her around and placed his hands on her waste. He started thrusting his crotch up against her ass.

Danielle’s bladder was screaming but she wanted more. He reached around and placed his hand on her midsection, pressing hard on her bladder.

“Ahhh” The woman couldn’t help but moan. Pain and arousal mixed together in a deadly combo.

Ethan pulled back his hand and gave Danielle’s ass a hard slap.

“This little girl gotta go peepee? So sad little missy can’t hold her bladder.”

“I’m gonna, I’m gonna, ahhhh” The floodgates opened. Warm urine flowed down the 28-year olds legs. The back of her skirt starting turning dark. “Oh, ahhhhh.” Danielle moaned in relief so hard it could be mistaken for orgasms.

The two locked eyes and started kissing. Ethan’s hand went up Danielle’s wet skirt and felt her soaked panties.

“I’d like to start seeing you more often.” Danielle said.

“Ofcourse.” Ethan replied with a smile.

As if on que, the elevator restarted and began heading back down.

Ethan gave Danielle his jacket to cover her skirt for her trip home, and the two departed with a kiss.

