Kakegurui - Pleiades (Igarashi Sayaka + Momobami twins)

Author: BB88

*002*2019-08-01 17:07

Chapter 2

There were two things I was sure of, even before starting: first off, there was no way I could win.

It was all a matter of how could I make my loss look like a victory. When she had jumped with me, the President hadn't only stated how interesting I was for her: she had also shown that 'winning' and 'losing' were black-and-white concepts which she didn't enjoy that much. My goal was to reach the gray-zone beyond them and turn the tables in my favour.

After the match in the Tower of Doors, I was more conscious than ever that my abilities were nothing compared to Yumeko's and the Presdient's. They were in a league of their own: I didn't have the experience nor the passion to compete.

To top it off, the dealer turned out to be the Vice-President. I had never seen her play, but I had seen the President. Even if cheating wasn't allowed- and knowing the President, it was, as long as it passed unnoticed- I couldn't ignore the risks of any advantage play on her part. So, not only was I supposed to face the strongest gambler I had ever met on uneven ground: I was also going to fight against collusion, false deals, cold decks, and each and every of the twin's tricks.

Which assured me of a second possibility: the twins were going to switch places at a certain point.

It could happen at any moment in the game: the rules stated that the dealer would be the only one present with each single player. We couldn't see each other playing. It was supposed to add a variable: only at the end we would know who won.

I didn't know the games yet, but I knew that this trick could put me at a great disadvantage. They had both seen how it affected me that one time. On the psychological level, it threw me off because I couldn't be sure of the real abilities of my opponent. It would keep me wondering whether I really knew who I was playing with.

I had to be careful.

In general, if it wasn't for this two facts, there would have been nothing bothering me. The rules were simple enough: seven rooms, each named after one of the Pleiades, each with a different game. The matches were going to be divided in turns from one to seven, at random, and they wouldn't be the same for both of us. The only things in common would be , in fact, the dealer and the rooms: for the rest, we would know nothing. What happened inside the rooms would remain between the player and the dealer untill the very conclusion.

In the end, it was a double gamble: each game against the dealer and at the end, who won the most games won the whole pot.

To add an edge to it, the gambles with the dealer would have two addictional outcomes: if the turn was won, the player could ask for an extra turn in the next room, so that if the match ended in a tie, the dealer wouldn't win right away. If it was lost, the player had to pay a penalty, which was also supposed to be unknown to each other.

In my case, I had to drink a glass of water.

The President allowed me to start the game. I lost on purpose my first turn: just like Yumeko had opened a random door that night, I wanted to gain as much ground as I could. I was playing baccarat in the first room, Maia. The dealer - whether it was still Ririka I could not tell- filled up the glass in front of my eyes.

"There is water and only water in this? ", I asked. "Am I supposed to drink it? "

The dealer nodded twice. Then she pushed the glass in my direction. I hesistated for a moment: the tea I had drank was already growing heavy in my belly. But I drank it all and went on with the game.

I thought that maybe the President had chosen that penalty in order to cancel the taste of the tea we had shared.

"How cruel! ", I thought ,"She gives and takes at her own will, without giving it a second thought. That's the kind of person she is, after all. Even if I'm not sure I would accept it from anyone else, I will keep dancing in the palm of her hand for as long as she wants. "

I won the remaining two rounds of the game.

When I got out, the President took my place and offered me a smile.

As I bowed and wished her luck, I thought about her penalty. I couldn't imagine what it could be. After all, I couldn't imagine the President losing either.

Once her match was over, we moved on to the second room, Electra, where I won a modified version of 'craps' without any losses.

As I waited for my opponent to be done, I started to notice the need to relieve myself. Considering how much I had drunk, I didn't give it too much thought. The game had started fiteen minutes ago. If it kept going like that, there would be no need to ask for a break.

Things became a little harder to ignore in the third room. The game in Alcyone was a double roulette. Same rules, but I had to get my bets right in both roulettes in order to win. And that was complicated: I couldn't control the run of the two identical steel spheres. I knew about possibilities, renowned episodes in past gambles and the ways the game could get rigged, but in the end, it was all left to Lady Luck.

Out of four, we won two turns each. As I listened to the irregular trotting of the spheres in the extra turn, I couldn't help feeling a little uncomfortable.

"Isn't the urge too strong? ", I wondered. It had been no more than forty minutes since I had drank the tea. "Maybe I'm wrong. I need to concentrate on the games. "

I won. When the President passed by me on her way in, she asked: "How is it going? "

She was smiling like usual. I thought that maybe she was testing me to see if I would've stuck to the rules with my renowned fairness. I thought she was teasing me. Amused, I smiled back.

"We shall see at the end, ma'am. "

She chuckled.

In the fourth room, the five turns of blackjack gave me a hard time. I don't know when or how, but at a certain point I noticed that my leg had been bouncing for a while. Thankfully, I was standing behind the table and it wasn't noticeable. I stopped it at once.

I lost two turns. I drank my two glasses and still managed to win.

"The twins aren't the only ones who can count the cards. ", I thought victorious.

At this point, I must admit that I should have started to consider the possibility of a break. The need was quite clear and I was conscious of all the liquid I had drank. I kept telling myself to be patient, the games were easy even when they were modified, it was going well, I could still wait. Also, I would have never admitted it, but I was too embarassed. After what had happened a week ago, I was reluctant to show my necessities again.

I didn't want to be selfish either. Kirari was enjoying herself for sure- even if I didn't know what role she was playing. Stopping her gamble for such a childish reason was out of the question.

The President didn't need to know about it.

And this time for sure there would be no accidents.

Thus, from that moment on I had two formidable opponents to face: the President with all her schemes and my own stupid stubborness.

"It's going to be over soon. I'll go as soon as we're done. ", I kept telling myself after every match.

I found it a little hard to concentrate on the six-turn chess game in Asterope. While thinking about the moves I bit my lips far too much. My hands were restless underneath the table. Each minute the dealer passed in staring at the pieces was a torture in itself, and trust me, she took her time behind that mask. The doubt that it wasn't the Vice-President still hadn't left me. From a certain point of view, though, it didn't make any difference: I couldn't lose and I couldn't show my need. Ririka had been present a week ago. It would have been mortifing no matter what.

My own full bladder became the worst part of the gamble.

Actually, the biggest difficulty wasn't in playing: it was in waiting. I won the chess match and had to wait for much longer than before. Considering the intervals between the previous games, I was starting to worry about the ones to come. I was sure that the one, two and three-turn matches had already passed for the President. Only the longer ones were left now.

In the hallway, I kept struggling with myself: "Should I say it or should I keep quiet? "

I kept thinking about it. And while I thought, standing still became harder and harder.

Even if such an urgency was odd, I should have listened to my body.

But I didn't.

And the pressure, both in my mind and in my abdomen, grew by ten-folds in the sixth room. Caleano's game was, I dare say, the most peculiar one: a guillotine. It was so small that at first I mistook it for an odd-shaped cigar cutter. There were two holes, and, as the modified voice of the dealer explained, we both had to put a finger inside, then the mechanism would trigger itself without warning.

It was nothing more than a game of chicken.

"Do you know the timing? "; I asked with a hint of nervousism.

"It is generated randomly. ", said the dealer, pointing at what I assumed being a hidden microchip.

There was only one turn this time. That was supposed to be good news.

I was sweating like crazy under the uniform. This wasn't the best game to play with the need to relieve yourself pounding your lower abdomen. Ririka- or Kirari- was far too close to hide the trembling of my legs. I didn't want to be considered a coward, but I was glad that the situation could hide the real cause of all that jittering.

"What finger do you want to risk? "

The question was hideous.

"A finger is a finger… How am I supposed to choose? I'm not eager to lose any of them! ", I thought with a grimace.

Even in a situation like that, the thought of the President cleared up my mind. I couldn't help thinking about her… about 'us'.

I considered my left pinkie. I wondered, did the President belive in the red thread of fate?

It was a myth, a fable. I wasn't one to believe to such things. And yet…

I knew she would make fun out of me if she knew what was going on in my head, but I couldn't sacrifice that finger.

I blushed, and moved on.

I refused to use my ring finger. Marriage, said a silly little voice inside of me. Travelling the world with and older, more mature Kirari; or settling down, living in peace and simplicity, a child, maybe two, forgetting about all those follies we were living.

I wanted the President to claim me.

I didn't care if she offered me a band of tin or a dazzling crown of diamonds- even though, knowing her, she would chose she latter, no doubt. I wanted her ring on my hand one day. In that moment, that finger became my most important property, almost.

Looking back, I can't deny that all of this sounded like the ravings of a madman, rather than the collected thoughts of a rational mind. I didn't know what had gotten into me.

Maybe my need was distracting me more than I thought, or maybe ever since that night in the President's house her hold on me had gotten much, much stronger. I had to get a hold of myself.

In the end, I chose my left index.

I didn't want to be afraid: I had jumped off a five-store building without taking any damage. That was supposed to be a hundred times easier. I kept telling myself that, but my hands wouldn't stop shaking.

"Ready? ", asked the dealer. After she pressed the button, she would have no control over the machine.

"No. ", I thought.

"Yes. ", I said, staring at the blade.

A click. Each second passed by like a razor blade on my skin. I was too tensed up, my abdomen was screaming in pain. It was so full I could feel it pressing against my thights as I bend forward to keep my finger in its spot. And the pressure was becoming a little too much. If I wasn't careful I was going to leak and-…

The guillotine set off.

The sound scared me the most: I yelped and felt a spurt getting lose in my panties.

I had been so worried about that, that I had totally forgotten about the risk. I clenched my eyes, hoping that everything was still as dry as it could be. When I opened them, my finger was still inside. There was no blood, no pain.

"What… ? "

"The blade has a safety mechanism preventing it from falling. ", said the modified voice. "The President refused to let you play without it. Well done. You pass on to the sixth game. "

I understood her words with difficulty. I felt like all the blood had left my body.

"The President… what… ? ", I thought as I got up.

She wanted me to play… but without getting hurt? Why?

It was the second time she protected me. I still couldn't understand why she acted like this. Throwing me in the mouth of danger, just to save me at the last second…

"I can't understand her… not at all… "

Even if I was as pale as a corpse, I still smiled on my way out. The President observed my hands, then did the same and entered without a word.

Now that the adrenaline was wearing off, I noticed the state my body was in: it was impossible to stand still. If I didn't pace up and down the hallway, I thought the need would drive me mad. I had to pee so bad that I was back at torturing my lip.

My hands moved toward my skirt. I had to make an effort in order to keep them in place.

There was no one around me, but if, by any chance, someone saw me holding myself like a toddler, my image would be ruined in the eyes of the whole student body. I couldn't allow it.

Not only for myself: there was no way the President could allow someone like that by her side. I had to act proper and be patient.

Pacing, pacing. I was worried about the President. While I walked the seven steps which separated the wall from the door, I wondered which finger she had used. I tried not to think about the possibility of her losing it.

If I had made it without knowing about the safety mechanism, she would be fine for sure. Repeating it didn't make it any truer, but at least it was a distracting mantra.

The bulge in my tummy was almost evident underneath my uniform; but if I kept my hands in my lap it no-one would notice.

I was ashamed to the point of turning pink. I knew where this was going. There was no way I would let it end like before.

"As soon as she comes out, I'm going to ask for a break. I'll tell her that… I forgot something! "

Too weak. I needed something better.

"I don't even have my phone with me, I can't pretend a call… not that I would answer while I was with the President… "

It wasn't supposed to be so hard, it really wasn't. I just couldn't bring myself to be honest.

It was too humiliating.

When the President came out after what felt like an eternity, I was more than happy to see that all of her ten fingers were intact.

"Oh, thank goodness… ", I sighed.

"What is it, Sayaka? You didn't trust me? "

She was teasing me again. "O-of course, I did… ", I said blushing hard in front of her smile. There was no way I could ask for such an embarassing thing in that moment!

So we went on to the next room. In Taygete I really thought I was done for: I had to go through seven turns of Choice Poker.

The memory of the trick the twins had played on me the first time the game was played was still clear. To make it worse, I felt like I was about to burst for half of the time.

My body was requesting an attention I couldn't give it. So I got distracted. I messed up once and another glass came to weight in my tummy.

I was forced to stand: the bulge was so evident I started to be ashamed of it. If someone had looked underneath the table, they would have thought my legs were reharsing a dancing show on their own.

Seven turns: the only good thing, I told myself, was that there would be no ties.

"Bathroom, bathroom… ", pleaded a voice inside my head as the second turn started. The mask of the dealer made it impossible to tell whether she had noticed my agitation or not. If she did, that would be a dangerous weakness to exploit. I couldn't allow it.

I took a deep breath and tried to calm down.

I won the second turn, then the third.

"I can do this… and I can do this fast. "

I lost the choice of the fourth turn. My sweaty hands struggled to keep a hold on the cards. I was in pain and my concentration was drastically reduced.

I lost the round.

Trying not to show my desperation, I watched the dealer set a new glass before me

"Enough wasting time. ", I told myself at once. "I gotta drink this thing and hurry up. Let's end this farce. "

I drank as fast as possible. I felt the grip of the nausea in my throat.

"That was the last one. ", I thought, resolute.

It wasn't.

The cards dealt in the next turn were even worse. I couldn't even bluff.

"Do I really have to drink? I'm not feeling so well… ", I said, paling in front of the sixth- maybe seventh?- glass of water.

"If you ask for it, I'll stop the game at once. You won't be forced to pay this penalty. However, it goes without saying that that will sign your defeat. "

I stared in the black holes of the mask. For a moment, I really considered my surrender.

What was a dinner if I had to risk losing my dignity? I knew there was no way I could win. What was the point in keep playing in those conditions?

The idea didn't last long. The reason why I decided to keep going was the same that made me start: when given a choice, I would always choose the President. Even before my well-being and my reputation.

Which, considering the pangs of pain, the nausea and the little wetness already soaking my underwear, were both treading on thin ice.

I gave myself strenght: the President wouldn't have enjoyed an easy win. She said that she didn't want me to bet my all, but I knew she was looking forward to seeing my best. So I drank.

I fought against the mask, the need, the nausea and the pain.

My bladder spasmed with every passing minute. It had been almost forty minutes since the beginning of the game.

The last turns were a real struggle, but I was rewarded for my efforts.

"You won. ", said the dealer. "We shall move on to the seventh and last room as soon as your opponent finishes her match. For the time being, please wait outside and don't go too far. It might take less than you expect. "

I held back a grimace.

When Kirari- or Ririka- saw me, she said: "We're almost done, aren't we? It's a pity. I wish we could play some more. "

"… Right. ", I said, without a hint of conviction.

I hoped with all my heart that the real President hadn't noticed what was going on. What had happened a week ago was reapeating itself. And I, like a stubborn idiot, was unable to stop it.

The wait began.

Any passer-by would have wondered what was wrong with me.

I hadn't been able to keep myself in check for God only knows how long. No matter how hard I tried, my knees kept buckling, my thights quivered and my hands tried to squeeze my crotch. I managed to cross my arms on my chest for a while, but it didn't last long.

"No peeing myself in the hallway… I can't do that, peeing in the hallway is prohibited… "

My words sounded stupid to my own ears, but there wasn't much I could do in order to distract myself.

If my match had lasted for almost three-quarters of an hour, there was no telling how long would Kirari's take. In all honesty, I didn't even want to consider it.

And I was about to leak. Again.

"This is getting ridiculous… ! ", I muttered under my breath.

I couldn't just wait for the inevitable to happen. I glanced around.

"God, if the President saw me… "

I pushed my hands against the fabric of my skirt. I could feel the warmth between my pressed legs.

I kept my eyes open, so I would be able to spot any passers-by, and went on with my pacing.

The sweat was starting to sting my eyes. I felt as if a fever had taken over me, the urge to empty my bladder was driving me insane.

"Deep breaths, deep breaths… The President will be done soon… There's a reason if she's the best… "

I kept telling myself that, but the more I did, the more the door remained closed.

A certain idea started to make its way in my mind.

"Maybe… ", I thought. "Perhaps…. With a little bit of luck… "

I could be able to go to the closest restrooms and back in less than fifteen minutes. The toilets were in the other builiding, it would take five mintues to get there and five more to get back. If I gave myself time to wash my hands it would take no more than thirteen minutes.

Maybe I could manage to cut it to twelve and an half if I relieved myself fast enough.

My eyes were glued to the door. Before I knew it, I took a step away. Fortune favors the brave,I thought, so I took another. And another.

I was five steps away when I had to stop. All that walking made me feel close to leaking and I had to squeeze my muscles. I wasn't sure of it, but I thought I had managed to keep myself dry this time.

The door hadn't budged. Already savouring the relief, I proceeded all the way to the end of the hallway before realizing where I was.

"What am I doing? ", I thought embarassed. " I can't disobey the orders of a dealer during a gamble! Disobeying the dealer means disobeying the President and I-… "

I sighed. I couldn't let myself do that.

There was nothing left to do: as soon as the President was done, I would ask for a break. As soon as the President knew, I would be humiliated no matter what. Might as well swallow my pride and avoid a disaster.

The possibility of a refusal worried me out of my wits, though. And if it was a yes, but on the condition of losing, was I ready to accept it?

A part of me -my bladder, to be more specific- said yes. It screamt its approval and I held back a whine.

It was painful. It was going to be mortifying.

I covered my eyes.

"No crying in the hallways… crying is prohibited too… "

I had to keep it together. I heard the door open without warning and I dried my eyes at once.

"President! ", I called, with more ardour than the situation could justify.

The President's eyes gleamed. She smiled.

"Oh? Did you miss me? I was gone for only an hour, you know? "

An hour! It had felt like three times as much. The game had been going on for so long. I had failed to notice it at first, but behind the huge windows, the sun was starting to set. I was standing in a puddle of orange light.

If I wasn't careful, the metaphor would become an horrible truth.

"President, I-… ".

"I know, I know. ", she said.

"You do… ? ", I said, both puzzled and ashamed.

"Yes. Like you, I'm also eager to know the results. "

"What? No! That's the last thing I care about! ", I thought, hiding my frustration.

"I thank you for your efforts, Sayaka. ". She stepped toward me. "Even if I wasn't able to see you play, I'm sure you've given it your best, like you always do. And, like always, I applaud you for that. "

The unexpected praise had thrown me off guard. My mouth was agap, but nothing would come out of it. I could feel my face was ablaze, yet, I could only stare as the President took another step in my direction. She touched my cheek. A fire started deep, deep inside my chest.

"Thank you for playing with me. "

I held back a squeak feeling the warmth of her hand, the gentle caress of her breath on my ear.

I struggled with my words.

"I-I-… It-… Well, I-… "

She chuckled.

"The last room awaits. ", said the sinister voice of the dealer. "Are you ready for the final game? "

Kirari looked at me. Her eyes hunted me down as if they would swallow me whole. She was excited. She was enjoying herself.

There was no way I could tell her what was going on.

"So, ", she said. Her voice was no more than a murmur. It sent a shiver down my spine. "Are you ready to end this? "

My mouth felt dry. The queasiness was back. My body was restless.

"…Yes. ", I replied.

I shouldn't have. I should have said something, anything in order to put an end to all of that. But at the time, I couldn't help it.

I did say that I knew I was going to lose, in one way or another.

Notes: So here we are. We finally got to some good ol'desperation. Hope you liked it, tomorrow I'll post the third and final chapter.
