Kakegurui - Pleiades (Igarashi Sayaka + Momobami twins)

Author: BB88

*004*2019-08-02 18:26

Chapter 3

Merope was said to be the only one among the Pleiades who had married a mortal. Her sisters had all lay with Gods and were the mothers of divinities, but Merope was the only one who chose a human man. Her shame when comparing herself to her sisters is so great that she cowers, hiding among the dark sails of the sky. It is said that that's the reason why her spark is weaker than her kins'.

I though this was a wonderful story. I too couldn't compare to the one I looked up to. I too couldn't shine as much as I ought to.

And I too would have wanted to hide my shame.

I followed in silence the two Momobami. I was walking as if I were holding something between my thights. Every time I thought about it, my ears grew pink.

The President -or whoever was playing as her- glanced at me from above her shoulder, any now and then.

I wondered what was she thinking about.

"Here we are. ", she said at last.

We were standing in front of her private lounge, where she liked to drink her tea while watching the aquariums.

I didn't know what to expect. If Merope was the weaker, maybe this game would be the easiest.

I didn't know, and I didn't care. I was reaching my limit too fast.

The dealer took something from her pocket.

"Heads or tails? "

I looked at the President.

"I'll let you choose, Sayaka. "

She said it with the same gallantry with which she could have kept a door open for me, or the same politness with which she could have offered to share an umbrella during a summer cloudburst. Pushing away those thoughts and flushing, I chose heads.

The dealer hadn't shown the starting position of the coin, so I couldn't make any predictions.

The metal glimmered as the coin rotated in the air, then it was back in the dealer's hand.

"Tails. ", she said, showing the result.

Inside, I felt the first pang of panic. I wasn't sure I could wait another hour or more. If I had gone first I would have had at least a chance to distract myself. This time for sure I would ask for a pause after the game.

"I won't take long. Then we shall see. ", said the President. I nodded. The two disappeared inside. Once more I found myself staring at a closed door.

At once I shoved my hands between my legs. No grace or caution this time, I was too close to bursting. If people saw me, the shame would be much worse than Merope's, but I couldn't help it.

Even pacing wasn't an option anymore. With every step I could feel my muscles struggling to keep everything dry. It was an endless strain. At this point I knew I would barely have time to reach the restrooms.

"Small steps, small steps… don't mess this up. ", I told myself.

A glass of water for every loss was too much. If the President had meant to erase the taste of the tea-…

I stopped dead in my tracks. If she had wanted to 'punish' me for drinking from her cup that was taking it too far. But if she wanted to punish me for something else… could this be about what had happened a week ago?

I felt as if someone had put a block of ice in my chest.

I thought that the bond between me and the President had grown stronger, deeper. She had seen me in difficulty and she had offered her hand in order to help me. I had worn the clothes she had offered, I had slept in a room that was just a few meters away from hers, we had eaten breakfast at the same table and we had been in the same car while going to school the next morning.

I had never passed this much time with her. It made me happier than ever, I loved her more than ever.

I knew that the President couldn't feel the same… but she wouldn't hide such a dislike for me, would she?

There would have been no reason to bring me in her home if she despised me… right?

"Ugh! "

The pain had gotten sharper without warning. It wasn't supposed to grow this fast!

"What is wrong with me?... ", I thought, clenching my teeth.

My body was ready to give up, but my mind wasn't, not one bit. I had to be strong.

"Just a little bit… hold on just a little bit more…! "

The door opened. I was so startled that I was almost caught with my hands on my crotch, let alone I almost leaked.

"P-President-… ! ", I called turning.

I felt all color drain from my face when I saw the mask of the Vice-President. She didn't say a word. She beckoned me to follow her.

"This…looks bad… ", I thought as I complied.

As I said, I didn't know what to expect in the last room. Now I'm sure that no matter how hard I could have thought about it, my predictions would have been off the mark by a long shot.

"Oh no… ", I thought.

I couldn't take another step forward. I felt as if my feet had been glued to the floor, as if someone had punched me in the stomach.

The twins were waiting for me. And this time there was no way I could tell who was who.

The one I thought was the dealer sat by an exact copy of herself: same mask, same uniform, same long, silver hair.

It was almost hallucinatory.

"Come on in. ", said a modified voice. I couldn't tell who spoke.

"What's the meaning of this? "

My voice quivered. Between the ever-present need to urinate and that new enxiety, the situation was taking a turn for the worse.

"This is the last game. ", replied the twin on the left. Or maybe it was the rigth one? I shook my head. I couldn't believe what I was seeing.

In order to get a grip of myself, I had to try and rationalize.

"But what about the President's match? How could she play this same game? "

"No one said the games would be always the same. ", said one.

"Only that the rooms would. ", said the other.

I tried not to show my emotions. I can't say I was doing a good job at it: I could feel the tension running through my body, the sweat dampening my face.

"… What am I supposed to do? ", I asked.

I already knew the answer. The two identical, artificial voices spoke in unison and I jolted. I could feel the hair on my neck stand on end in front of that dreadful show.

"Find the identity of each of us. If you're right, you'll be the winner of the whole gamble. If you're wrong, the results of the previous games will be once more invalid and you shall be the loser. "

I frowned, a little. I didn't care about the gamble in itself, nor about the bet. I could expect the President making things harder for me, in order to enjoy herself more… but this? The love of my life was an exact copy of her sister.

Aside from the bet, what would be the meaning of my loss? After all that had happened, after I confessed my love to her, after she called me 'her most beloved fish', after risking her life to make sure I fell safely that night… would Kirari forgive me if I chose the wrong woman?

"Too much pressure, too much! ", I thought as my eyes teared up. "I can't do this now! I'm in pain, I'm going to wet myself, I feel sick! I can't concentrare, this is too much! "

Breathing became hard. My chest felt constricted, the panic was sinking its teeth in me.

'What happens if I'm wrong? ' I couldn't get the question out of my head. And my body… my bladder was at its limit. For real this time.

I felt my panties growing wet and I clenched my thights, shoving my hands between my legs with a faint whine.

My sight was blurried with tears. If I looked up, the two eerie figures sat like statues, motionless and indifferent.

"I-I… ", my voice cracked.

"I can't do this! Please! ", I wanted to scream. But giving up would mean losing. A fish that doesn't swim gets eaten by the others, sooner or later. That was the rule of the aquarium. The rule of the President.

The thought of water sent a warning pang in my tummy. My underwear was drenched.

How did I get myself into this situation? It wasn't supposed to be this way.

I didn't want it to be like that time against Yumeko. The feeling of hopelessness, the wish to give up, the anxiety blocking my thoughts… there was no way I would let it overwhelm me again. Not in my eyes, nor in front of the President's.

I took a deep breath, closed my eyes: the situation was dire.

"May I ask you… " For a pause, I should have said. If you can let me go to the restroom, if you can allow me to relieve myself like a normal human being. Nothing of the sort. "… if you can remove your masks? "

The uniforms were the same, there was no trace of Kirari's embroidered sleeves. I had noticed their hands: there was no trace of blue nail polish. I had observed their hair. If the President had kept hers braided for a while, it would be wavier than the other. But neither of them looked like the usual silky cascade of the Vice-President; which confirmed my prediction: they had switched roles at a certain point without me noticing.

The only thing left was to see whether the President had removed her lipstick.

I held my breath. Their hands rose. The two gestures were so identical that I felt goosebumps make their way on my arms.

A sound escaped my lips: Kirari and Ririka Momobami looked at me with unreadable expressions. There was no trace of make-up, no self-confident smile, no glimmering eyes, no proud glance.

Their features shared the same elegance, the same delicacy. Their lips were like pale roses at dawn; their jaws were the dainty work of a sculptor's blessed hands. The clearest summer sky would envy the crystalline blue of their eyes.

Even in my struggle, I found myself lost in their beauty.

They were goddesses, magnificent, untouchable. Unforgiving.

Their faces looked as if they had been set in the finest marble, but their eyes could still move: they observed me without a hint of sympathy.

Their beauty had bewitched me, but their cruel gaze brought me back to reality.

I recalled the embarassing state I was in: a streak of hair was stuck to my sweaty forehead, I could start tasting the blood I had bitten out of my lip, my hands were burrowed in my skirt. It was more than obvious that I was about to wet myself like a kindergartner.

I held back a sob. The pressure, the stress, the embarassment… it was a mess.

Nothing made any sense to me. It shouldn't have been this way.

My tears drowned the image of the two women before me. I couldn't compete against them, I knew that. And yet, I put myself in that situation. It was my own fault if things had ended up the way they were, my fault and no-one else's.

I felt the wet trail of two tears on my cheeks. Something inside of me gave way.

"I'm… sorry… ", I said. It was almost a whisper. Then, I felt the first jet of urine.

I sobbed in my hands. I couldn't stand to look at them, I couldn't let them watch. I turned my back, ran away.

If I could, I would have wanted to run at the other end of the world and disappear. But my legs were weak, my body tired: I managed to close the distance between me and the aquarium on the left. Then my knees gave way as my bladder spilled its content and I had to support myself on the glass.

A part of me couldn't believe what was happening. It couldn't be me the one crying and wetting herself in the private lounge of the President. It had to be someone else. I couldn't imagine my chest shaking as if it was about to break with every sob, I couldn't see my clothes growing damp with my own urine.

It couldn't be me. It had to be someome else.

And yet, I was the one choking on my sobs, I was the one dirtying the centenary decoration of the floor, I was the one fighting back the nausea when the pungent reek started to mix itself with the familiar scent of wood. I could feel the disgusting wetness on my skin, I could hear the patter on the floor thundering in the silence. And if I let go of all the heaviness in my chest, I was the one being relieved so much that my ears rang. I took that relief like a starving man steals food in someone else's house: I felt like I shouldn't, and yet it felt so good that I feared I would lose my head.

I didn't want to be selfish. I would have never allowed this.

I had never cried like this in my whole life.

"I'm… so sorry… I didn't… it wasn't supposed to… "

I recognised my own voice with difficulty. Each word felt like a piece of broken porcelain.

I felt as if my soul had left my body: I felt the relief, the shame, and yet I could see my body standing in front of the aquarium, doubled over itself, crying like the most wretched of things. Behind me, the Momobami were cold and distant, untouched by the awful scene.

Maybe I had lost my mind. Maybe it was all an ugly dream, I dared to think, and soon I would wake up. I would be dry, I would realize that the games had never existed, that the President had never asked me to play. I would be assured that nothing had changed between us.

"Yes. ", I told myself as I fought to breath. "It must be a dream, a nightmare. "

And yet, if it was a dream, how could I feel the way I felt, how could I see and hear and smell all of that?

How could I know what it felt like to have two hands reach for my waist with such kindness that I almost didn't notice? Even in my nightmares the scent of the President was a familiar lullaby. But in my dreams I could recognise the President's voice.

This time I couldn't.

"Sayaka… " The voice was husky, low. A nigthmare, I thought, nothing more.

The hands moved. They reached for my legs, my skirt, my underwear. The wetness didn't bother them. They pushed the fabric aside and my urine splattered on the floor with renewed strenght. They were strong, those hands, stronger than what I would have ever expected.

Startled, I felt myself being lifted.

"N-No, no, no! ", I cried, sobbing almost to the point of retching.

My legs were spread open. I could feel the grip of steel on the back of my thights, below my buttocks. My urine wet the glass of the aquarium. I saw the fishes running away from its frightening thundering.

I whined, a weak protest: I wanted to stop, I wanted to protect the President's precious aquarium from my filth, but my muscles were too tired, my position was too uncomfortable.

The amber liquid left a wet trail on the glass. The wooden frame of the tank grew darker, the wall grew damp, it all ended in a puddle.

I don't know how, but I had the time to think: "The force of gravity exists even in dreams. "

I looked at the blurred reflection on the glass: my face was a mess. I didn't look like myself. The face behind my shoulder was hidden. All I could see, was a silver cascade of hair. Further back, another figure had taken a chair and sat with legs and arms crossed.

"No, please…. ", I sobbed.

The person behind me grew tired. They pushed my feet against the glass and changed their grip. I would have given everything I could to avoid soiling that glass, but I was helpless. I wasn't a human anymore, I was a shell.

I don't know how long it took me to be done. I don't know where those hands found the strenght to support me for so long. They were the most delicate work of nature I had ever seen, and yet they resisted for all that time, while I couldn't even bring myself to stop the mess I was making. After all, I was shorter, I was lighter and I was nothing more than an empty shell.

After what felt like an eternity, the thundering on the glass grew weaker, the last drops lost themselves in the puddle below me and my belly felt empty for the first time in hours.

The room had grown dark. The sun was gone. The only lights where its last dying glimmer and the bluish fluorescence of the aquariums.

The silence was absolute, aside from my own breathing. I wasn't crying like before. My sobs had quieted down, they were nothing more than sighs. My skin, my clothes… I was drenched. I was growing cold, but I couldn't tell if that was the reason why I was trembling.

My face was a wet mess of tears, snot and sweat.

I held my breath: the hands were letting me back down. When my feet touched the floor I tensed up. It was so flooded I risked to slip.

I could only stand still. There was no more strenght left in me

"Sayaka. ", called the voice again. The hands were tasting my skin underneath my clothes. "You did very well today. I couldn't have wished for anything better. There could be nothing more. "

I listened to those words like a distant echo. I couldn't understand them. I wasn't human anymore. I was filth.

"…Why? "

I was the one who spoke. I didn't notice. In the shell that had once been Igarashi Sayaka's body, I could only think that I wasn't human anymore. I had been human, once. I had served some tea to my beloved, I had accepted to please her. I had dreamt about having her ring on my finger and her arm around me as we ran underneath an umbrella in a summer downpour.

I had been human, once.

"I couldn't help myself. ", said the husky voice. Without warning, I yelped. Teeth were sinking in my left ear."You… you were just too much. And I… I was far too much too. "

Those hands, that I had once revered more than a saint's, moved on my body. My breath shook between my lips.

One hand found its way underneath my shirt; it searched for my navel, conquered it, filled it up. The other caressed my thights. My most private part was still wet, it was still exposed to the air. I quivered. When the hand settled on my mons Venus, I let out the faintest of whines.

I was so scared I couldn't move.

"You see, Sayaka. " The breath tickled my ear. It had done the same thing some hours ago, in what felt like a previous life. "I was honest that night, when I said that you were interesting. Maybe you won't believe me, but my own honesty surprised me. "

I gasped: the fingers were sliding down. I didn't know what was happening, I couldn't react. I had longed for the President's touch for so long, it had been so many years.

But this wasn't what I wanted, how I wanted it. I… I wasn't myself anymore. This wasn't the Kirari I wanted.

The touch between my legs became more delicate. The fingers had found what they were looking for. They were caressing me and with each caress something inside of me yearned for more. And yet, something else could only wish I could close my eyes and hope for it to be over as fast as possible.

"This is still the President. ", said a voice inside my head. "You thought you were supposed to find her. She's the one who found you… "

The hands caressed me, ruthless. I couldn't see them. I could see my reflection and the other's, the blue light in the dark, the fishes in the aquarium. My body didn't belong to me. It was hers.

"Don't think me cruel, my most beloved fish. " Teeth nibbling my neck. I shivered. I felt as if I had to relieve myself again. "You're too much even when you're scared. "

My breath became heavier. I couldn't understand what was going on. I felt hot, and I felt scared, and I was sick and tired and weak.

"You're too much, too much… ", said the voice.

I felt a spark in my empty shell of a chest. I spoke before I could stop myself.

"If I'm too much… why are you punishing me?... Why not Yumeko? "

The hands paused. I was scared, but deep, deep inside of me there was somehting that was pushing harder than my fears. It wanted to fight.

A chuckle.

It tickled my skin, more goosbumps appeared.

"So you think you're being punished. You think Yumeko deserves to go through something worse. "

The fingers dug in my flesh, as if trying to become one with it. I wanted to yelp again, but I refused to open my mouth.

I was so close to discovering what was going on in Kirari's head. I was closer than I imagined.

"Sayaka… ", she whispered. Her voice was bitter-sweet honey on my name. "Have you ever seen a supernova? "

I didn't need to answer. Her hands moved again, this time she was more gentle. Her touch was scorching me from the inside. Her breath was steady, but heavier than what I had ever heard. It was getting to my head. It was getting to my head fast.

"The last, beautiful glimmer of a life before its destruction. It's so beautiful, my beloved fish. So, so beautiful. "

With every touch, her skin felt more and more mine. Was she the one who was taking a hold of me, or was I the one who was taking her in?

"You, my dear Sayaka, aren't only my most beloved of fishes. You're the brightest of stars. "

Her words sent a shiver down my soul.

With the corner of my eyes, I could see that Ririka was still there, watching. She looked disgusted, her cheeks were pinkish. Her sister was eating me up with every stroke, I was filthy, the smell of my urine had filled the air. I couldn't understand why she remained here.

I wanted her to leave. And I didn't want to admit it, but I was feeling weird in the President's arms. The fact that her exact double was looking at us made me feel things I would never confess.

The President's words kept dripping in the ear she bit. Its pain didn't make them any harder to take in.

"I watched you, that night, and last week too. Struggling and struggling; deciding whether you wanted to give up or to keep fighting. You got so close to imploding and losing your spark, but you fought back and I… " She bit me again. I moaned, low. "I thought you were beautiful. "

Beautiful. The word rang in my ears, it set my chest on fire.

The President had found a beauty in me.

Her hand was still between my legs. I was still afraid of where it would go. If it went inside of me, I was afraid I would never be myself again. The President would become a part of me, and I of her. I was scared. But trying not to push my hips against her was getting harder and harder.

"But you weren't perfect, you see? You sparkled, but I didn't watch you implode. Today, I did. " Her tone grew softer. "The most precious of stars. "

I felt her writing the words on my skin, leaving behind a burning letter no one but us would read.

I shuddered, held my breath.

I forgot about Ririka, I forgot about the mess, I forgot about my disgusting state, I forgot I wasn't a human anymore.

I was a star.

"You know me all to well, Sayaka. ", continued her luring voice. "When I want something, I always find my way. I wanted to see you implode. And I wanted to hold you in my hands while you did. "

I moaned, my own voice growing husky. Kirari's voice was so soft. My breath was growing deafening, I was afraid I wouldn't be able to hear her anymore. I was coming undone in the President's hands, she had wished for this to happen.

"Thank you, my most beloved of stars. "

Her hands started to leave me. My flesh yearned for more and yet, I felt as if a weight was being lifted from me.

"I hope you'll forgive me. ", said Kirari. She nibbled my neck one last time. "I don't want to rush. I want to see you implode with all you have another time. And when the time comes, I want to watch you for as long as I can. I hope you'll let me, Sayaka. "

She let me turn. I could look at her for the first time.

God, she was gorgeous: her dilated pupils were a galaxy of their own, lost in the blue which surrounded them. Her lips were apart, a little. Her breath came in and out, warm, like the fire inside of me. Some blood stained the bottom lip. My blood. She had tasted it again, like that night.

I, on the other hand, was a mess. I blushed, and the sight seemed to please her. The galaxies grew.

"You are the galaxy to which I belong. ", I said. I blushed harder, called myself an idiot, but didn't regret it. I wanted her to know.

She was so close. I wanted to kiss her. I wanted to kiss her so bad it hurt.

I don't know if she saw the desire in me, or if she did it of her own volition.

All I know is that her hand rose to touch my chin. I could smell myself on her. And she was so tall compared to me! I didn't want her to bow her head for me, I was unworthy, I didn't deserve it. I got on on my tip-toes. I closed my eyes.

The world seemed to pause: behind the darkness of my closed lids, the sound of my breath and the heat in my cheeks were my only companions. I waited, and feared she would abandon me in the dark.

Then I felt the softest of kisses on my forehead. I opened my eyes.

Kirari was smiling. She closed the distance between us, it was so sudden I ran away even though I had been eager to meet her just a moment ago. Her smile widened.

"Promise me that you will only belong to me. "

It had been nothing more than a whisper. I wasn't sure I had heard it, the blood was roaring in my ears.

I should have said no, maybe. I hadn't enjoyed her games, had I? I had been humiliated to the point of feeling like my humanity was lost. I had doubted her connection to me, I had seen my dreams shattered and restored, stronger than ever.

I should have said no, perhaps. But when you're seventeen and the one you love offers you a key to a house you've always dreamt, you don't think twice about your answer.

"Yes. ", I said. "I will. "

The words had just left my lips when Kirari's mouth found the corner of my own. It ended as quickly as it started, but my heart kept beating like crazy for much, much longer.

"T-Thank you. ", I said flushing.

The President chuckled.

"Why are you thanking me? "

I didn't know. My cheeks grew crimson . Kirari's eyes sparkled. Her hand rose once more to touch my face. The smell wasn't gone. I didn't like it, but I didn't like the idea of her marble-like fingers being filthy because of me either.

Out of instinct, I took her index and middle finger in my mouth and started sucking.

Salt. A pungent taste.

My taste.

I looked up. Kirari's eyes had turned into slits. The wonderful blue disappeared in the black of the pupils.

"Mmh. ", came deep, from the bottom her throat.

She pressed her fingers on my tongue, almost enough to hurt me, but not quite yet. I breathed hard through my nose.

I wanted to bite her, like she had bitten me.

"Just a little, just a little… ", I thought, lost in the taste of her, of myself.

She started to pull away. With a hint of regret, I decided to let her go.

I had been looking at Kirari for long enough that I felt, without a doubt, that I loved her with all my being.

Her expression changed. She looked away.

I had forgotten about Ririka. She wasn't as disgusted as when I had looked at her, but it was clear she wasn't enjoying herself.

"Now. ", said Kirari, back at looking at me. "Which one of us is the galaxy you want to belong to? "

I felt a pang of anxiety.

I didn't last long however.

"You, President. ", I said. "I want to belong to you. "

Kirari smiled.

"Ooh. ", she said. "Looks like we have a winner. "

"Which means that I'm allowed to go now. "; said Ririka. It was the first time I heard her talk without the mask.

"Their voices do sound a little different… ", I thought. I heard Kirari saying something about bringing 'that' on her way out.

That turned out to be a bag.

"What is it? ", I asked as Ririka closed the door behind her.

"A change of clothes. I thought you would need it. "

Once more, I was reminded of my state. I grew bright red: I was disgusting, and the glass was dirty, and the floor was flooded where I stood, and the wood! If no-one cleaned it up fast it would-…

"I can see you're already worrying too much. ", commented Kirari amused. She put the bag in my hands. "Someone will clean up as soon as we leave. Go take a shower. You'll find all you need in the changing room in the other building. I called for the Academy to be evacuated for a safety drill, so don't worry about meeting someone. "

I smiled. It was clear she had planned this from the very start to the very end. But there was still a couple of things that were unclear.

"President. ", I said. "Can I ask you something? "

"Mmh? ". She was in front of me, ready to open the door. I assumed she was going to reach the closest restroom and wash her hands.

"Can I ask what was your penalty? If there was one, of course. "

"You don't trust my fairness? ", she teased.

I didn't reply.

That only made her chuckle.

"Well, if you really want to know, I guess there's no harm in telling you. " She opened the door for me, then she followed me outside. "My penalty was switching places with Ririka. "

I though about the implications of that penalty. As I couldn't find any, or, at least, any that was plausible enough, I decided to ask her about it.

"Now, Sayaka. ", she replied. "You really can't imagine why I chose that penalty for myself? "

The spark in her eyes was strange. Maybe it was the light in the hallway, but I couldn't be sure. I wasn't sure I liked the way the conversation was going. I decided to change topic.

"How many times-… "

"Zero. ", she replied. No hesitation.

"Which means that she would have won the gamble if it wasn't for the last unexpected twist. As expected, I would have lost. ", I thought.

Out of curiosity, I asked: "Who did I play against? "

The question seemed to amuse her.

"Why are you asking? You want to be the first one to boast a victory against me? "

"N-no, of course not, but… "

"You want to know when we switched places. "

She paused, as if she was thinking about it. Then her lips assumed a playful bend.

"What do you think? ", she teased.

I thought about it. The most obvious answer would have been 'As soon as you two entered the last room '. But if the correct answer wasn't always the right one…

"Don't tell me…! ".

"Mh-mmh. "

"So the one that I met in the Student Council room before… "

"… was actually Ririka, yes. "

I stared at her, puzzled.

"But why? "

"Ririka and I have been doing it for a long time. There isn't always a reason. "

"Or rather, there isn't always one you're willing to admit. ", I thought as we proceeded into the next hallway. God only knows the mischief she got herself into when I wasn't looking.

I sighed.

"Still, that was quite cruel President. How many times have you played that trick on me? "

"Not enough, if you keep choosing me. "

Her smile had grown big enough to show her pearl-like teeth. I grew as red as a tomato, unable to get angry at her and yet annoyed at her attitude. Seeing me like that amused her even more and she chuckled to herself.

There were still so many things I wanted to ask.

Did she put something in the water of the tea in order to make me end up like that faster? If the answer was yes, she hadn't really drank it, had she? Why had she forced Ririka to stay? Why had she touched me like that, only to let me go at the end? Why had she made me promise to be hers and hers only?

Did she really believe I was beautiful when I struggled with myself?

Oh, but they were all such embarassing questions! I wouldn't even know how to ask them. And after all, I wasn't sure I wanted to know the answers.

The President must have mistaken my thoughtful expression, for she said: "Don't be too bothered by our switch. Ririka knows very well that I've already claimed you for myself. " The way she said it, so casual, so natural, as if she was talking about the renovation of the school pool, made me feel like I wanted to grin like an idiot and yell my love for her at the top of my lungs.

"Also. ", she continued without minding me. "Ririka has already found someone that suits her taste. "

"Really? ", I asked with honest interest. It was hard imagining the Vice-President growing intimate enough to show affection to someone.

"So I am told. "

"Oh… "

We fell into one of our silences, when there was nothing else to say but many things to do. My predictions hadn't been quite right in the end, but it didn't matter. I wondered if the Vice-President would talk about what had happened. I didn't think she would. Not only because she wasn't a chatter-box by nature. I was sure the President had given precise instructions about everything.

I was at Kirari’s side. Drenched, and reeking, and completely overwhelmed by the events of the day, but still, there I was .

That was more than enough for me.

Notes: There we go, I hope you enjoyed this final chapter. I don't know if I'm going to write something else for Kakegurui, but with all probabilities I'm going to edit some old pieces from other fandoms. Thank you and see you soon.

Edited August 2, 2019 by Sintreaties (see edit history)

*006*2019-08-04 12:21

Hello there and thank you very much for your comments. I’m so glad you liked this story! As I said before, I value your opinion a lot considering your ‘experience’ on this site. I hope you’ll also check out my other fanfics, but I’ll understand if they won’t meet your taste or if you won’t be interested in the fandoms.

Thank you again, and I hope to see you soon.

