Our Trip to NYC

Author: bulgegirly

*000*2024-03-13 02:00

DISCLAIMER: Don’t do anything that puts extreme pressure on a full bladder unless you’re 100% sure you know what you’re doing and are willing to accept the risks. This story is pure fiction and I love extreme desperation and bladder torture.

Chapter I

I quickly opened my eyes as my body flew up and slid forward in my seat.

“What the hell? What was that?” I asked, extremely confused as to why my position in space had so suddenly changed.

“Oh, you’re awake! You’ve been out for a while. Sorry about that, there was a pothole I couldn’t avoid. One of the ones that makes your soul jump out of your body.” Lila, my girlfriend, said with a laugh.

“Makes sense, stupid government won’t provide funds to fix the roads in this country,” I said with a sigh “Are we there yet? I feel like we’ve been driving for like two days.”

Lila laughed and glanced over at me. ‘I mean… we have. San Francisco to New York City isn’t exactly a short drive. You’re the one who insisted on going to see the ball drop in person, love.”

“Ugh, don’t remind me that I’m the one who caused this,” I said in a jokingly angry way. “Do you wanna switch at our next gas stop? We last switched at 12 and it’s 2 now, you’ve been driving for a while.”

“No, I like driving and it freaks you out, no sense in switching for a while. We only have about 5 hours to go now anyways, I can do it. Although, we do need to stop for gas again.” Lila said.

I looked over at the fuel tank and saw the meter riding the “empty” line. “Oh my god why didn’t you stop earlier? We had like half a tank left when we switched. Look, there’s a gas station right off this exit, I can literally see the sign from here. Let’s fill up there.”

Lila chuckled and rolled her eyes at me as she took the exit. “Don’t worry, worry wart. I’ve got it, we’re not gonna run out or anything. I promise,” Lila said as she sped down the exit ramp and turned onto the road. “Arriving in 5..4..3..2..1! See? We made it, we’re okay. I’ve gotta pee like nobody’s business, can you pump gas while I go and then you can go when I come back out?” Lila asked with a hint of urgency in her voice while she unbuckled her seatbelt.

“Yeah I can pump gas, I don’t have to pee so we can just set off again when you come out. Can you grab some snacks though and get me a drink?” I said, getting out of the car.

Lila looked at me with one eyebrow raised. “You’re sure? You drank like half of the drinks we bought at our last hotel stop, surely you’ve gotta go.”

“No, I’m completely fine. And it was only two of them, you drama queen. Go pee before you have an accident out here, just because we’re on opposite sides of the car doesn’t mean I can’t tell you’re squirming.” I said with a grin as I watched Lila’s face grow red and contort with the effort of holding all her pee in.

“Yeah, two 16oz bottles, that’s a lot. But fine, it’s your problem if you decide you have to pee when we get back on the road. I’m gonna go now.” Lila said in a strained voice as she started to take off into the gas station.

I rolled my eyes and chuckled at Lila as I walked around the front of the car to get to the gas pump. I passed her as she scurried around the front of the car to go inside and saw that her bladder was bulging a bit. I started to get turned on as I watched it bounce just the tiniest bit as she ran. I so badly wanted to tease her just a little. I quickly tried to think of some way to get her to come back, then I remembered she still had our joint debit card in her wallet, which was in her pocket.

“Baby, wait, come back!” I yelled for her before she got too far. “You have our card in your wallet, I need it to buy gas.”

Lila hurried over to me and crossed her legs as she dug through her wallet for the card. “Here it is, I’ve really gotta go now.” She said as she swayed her hips a little.

“Wait a second,” I said as I gently grabbed her arm. “I can never get this damn thing to work. Can you buy the gas real quick before you go in? It’ll only take a second.” I asked, praying that she would agree.

“Mmm fine, just let me do it real quick, then I have to go for real. I didn’t realize how full I was until I got out of the car.” Lila said as she inched over to the gas pump.

I quickly moved in behind her and wrapped my arms around her. “You really thought I wasn’t gonna take this opportunity to tease you? I know how much you love it and you know how much I love it.” I whispered to Lila as I gently rested my hand on top of her bladder.

Lila squirmed at my touch and rolled her head back to be closer to me. I began to gently massage her bladder, rubbing my hand in small circles with light pressure. She whimpered and squirmed some more. “Mmff.. fuck!” She whisper-yelled.

I leaned in closer to Lila’s ear and gently breathed down her neck. “Yeah? I know you like this stuff but I didn’t think it was to this extent.” I whispered with a small chuckle.

“Sorry, I just.. I-I’m really full and I wasn’t expecting you to do that. I’ve been holding it since we switched, it’s been like two hours.” Lila said, crossing her legs and reaching to hold herself as she blushed even harder than before.

I gently grabbed her wrist with my free hand and pulled it away from her body, pinning her hand between my stomach and her back. “Don’t apologize, it was cute! Although, only two hours? You can’t have to go that badly. Those are rookie numbers, I’ve gone four times as long.”

Lila let out a whimper and tensed up a little as I increased the pressure I was applying to her bladder. I continued to massage it in small circles, gradually increasing the pressure. Lila’s bladder was firm but still squishy, I could feel that she was holding back a decent amount but she still had quite a bit of room. I stopped massaging her bladder and just let my hand rest atop of it for a moment. I felt Lila loosen up a little once the pressure I was applying disappeared and gave a light tap to her bladder, which made her shudder.

“Can I go now? Please baby? I can’t take much more.” Lila whispered to me with a strained voice.

“Hmm… you can go. But first, let me just…” I trailed off with a smirk and a purposefully suspenseful voice.

Lila’s eyes grew wide as she realized what I was about to do and she preemptively crossed her legs. I pushed my knee between her thighs to uncross her legs and started to gently massage her bladder again, which caused her to squirm. I continued gently massaging Lila’s bladder for a few seconds before suddenly pushing in on it. I pushed hard, but not hard enough to hurt her. I kept the pressure applied for a few seconds and felt Lila squeeze my knee between her thighs. Finally, I let up on the pressure and let her out of my arms.

Lila doubled over and crossed her legs tight, breathing hard. She slowly uncrossed her legs and began doing her oh-my-god-I-have-to-pee-right-now-or-I’m-gonna-have-an-accident-dance, which was a cute mixture of bouncing, crossing and uncrossing her legs, and rubbing her bladder. “I can’t h-hold it! I-I’ve gotta go.” She said just loud enough for other patrons to hear before hobbling into the gas station.

I smirked as I began pumping gas into the car. I knew that this would likely be our last stop before we arrived at our hotel in New York since our car was tiny and fuel efficient. I heard the distinctive “click” of the gas pump shutting off once the car had filled up and put the nozzle back into its place before getting back in the car. As I waited for Lila to return, I tried to think up some ideas as to how I could get Lila desperate before we got to our hotel. I had really enjoyed our mini play session at the gas pump and really wanted it to go on for longer. Ever since we got together a couple years ago and realized that we were both into this bladder torture thing, it’s been one hell of a ride.

“Hey, Ms.Torturer. I’m back with an empty bladder and every beverage in the observable universe.” Lila said to me through my open window as she threw two large bags into the backseat.

“Damn, baby. I just wanted one or two!” I said with a laugh as Lila got into the driver’s seat and closed the door.

“I know,” She started, clicking in her seatbelt. “But since you decided to pull that stunt with me, I have a little challenge for you.”

I heard the locks in all the car doors click as Lila started up the engine. As I started to realize what she meant, I looked into the back seat to see how much she was going to make me drink and took note of just how big those grocery bags were. My eyes went wide as I counted about 10 drinks in the backseat in addition to our snacks. The drinks were a healthy mix of water bottles and bottled iced tea - a strong diuretic that Lila knew I couldn’t resist. I turned back around to tell Lila that I actually did have to pee already, I just wanted to make sure both our bladders were full by the time we got to our hotel so we could play around a little bit. Before I could even open my mouth, Lila put the car in drive and sped out of the gas station parking lot.

To be continued…

*005*2024-03-14 01:06

{{15 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

Why is this 'To be continued'! Oh gosh! This is like the fantasy of my dreams! Please give us the next chapter soon. . .

}}

I'm taking a bunch of college classes right now so I couldn't finish it in one sitting, but I still wanted to publish what I had! I've been writing a little every day for about 4 days now (and making myself extremely aroused every time I open the document lol).

I'd love some ideas for more diverse methods of bladder torture! Anyone who has a suggestion is more than welcome to drop it in this thread!!

*007*2024-03-16 04:03

{{On 3/14/2024 at 1:27 PM, Frankfrankfran said:

I absolutely love this story. I love the idea of holding in the car. Maybe stop along the way pick up a remote vibrator and is it along the way. Can’t wait for more

}}

Thank you and that's a good idea!

Chapter II

“Baby, I ne-”

“Shh! I need to explain the rules for you for the rest of our trip.” Lila cut me off with.

“Now, I bought all those drinks for you.” She said, motioning to the large bag of drinks in the backseat with one hand. “This one's for me.” She said as she picked up a water bottle out of her cup holder that I hadn’t noticed her put there.

“I got you six water bottles and four bottles of your favorite iced tea. You have four rules:

1. You have to drink at least two of your drinks each hour. I don’t care what order you drink them in, just get two in you each hour. If you haven’t finished them all by the time we get to the hotel, you’ll have to finish them all in addition to a glass of water that has one cup of water for every drink you didn’t finish.

2. You have to keep your jeans and belt on no matter how desperate you are. If you ask to or try to sneakily undo your belt or pants, your belt gets tightened one notch.

3. You don’t get to pee until you have my permission. That includes once we get to the hotel and if we have to stop for gas again before we arrive.

4. Since you claimed to be a holding expert while you were torturing me earlier, you don’t get to leak. At all. I’ll be checking your underwear when we get to the hotel. If I find out that you leaked at all, you don’t get to pee until after the ball drops tonight and you have to drink anything left in my water bottle as soon as we get to the hotel.

Understand?” Lila informed me as she pulled the bag full of drinks from the backseat with one hand and dropped it in my lap.

I checked my phone, which said it was now about 2:30pm. “But…the ball doesn’t drop for another 9 ½ hours, baby. That’s a long time.” I said in a fearful tone as I felt the last of the two drinks I had consumed within the past couple hours hit my bladder. “And… I lied at the gas station. I actually do have to pee.”

Lila smirked. “I know it’s a long time, so you’d better not leak. You are, after all, a self-proclaimed holding expert. And I told you that it was gonna be your problem if you decided that you had to pee once we got on the road again,” She said in an “I told you so” manner. “Come on, you better start drinking if you want to finish in time.”

I opened the bag and selected a water bottle as I stared at Lila. She usually wasn’t this dominant, but I guess she was just really feeling herself. I slowly cracked open the water bottle and took a long look at it. “Aquafina, 16.9 fl oz” is what the bottle read. As I sipped, I did the math in my head to figure out how many ounces I would be drinking and shuddered a little when I finished the multiplication.

“169 ounces.”

“What?” Lila asked, obviously confused.

“169 ounces is how much you’re making me drink. There’s 10 bottles that all appear to be the same size and this one is 16.9oz. 16.9 multiplied by ten is 169. That’s a little over a gallon. You’re really gonna make me hold all of that? I’m sorry for the stunt I pulled at the gas pump if that’s what this is about.” I explained to Lila between sips of my water.

Lila gave me a sympathetic smile before quickly turning her facial expression into a tougher one. “No, that’s not what this is about, that was hot. You know I love that shit,” She said with a sigh. “I’m just tired of being the one that’s controlled all the time. I mean don't get me wrong, I love it. It just gets boring after a while, y’know?”

I nodded. “Yeah, that’s fair. Being the one in control can get a little boring too. We really should switch more often, this is fun so far.”

“Yeah? I’m glad you’re having fun. Mine will begin once you start getting desperate, my little wiggle-worm.” Lila said with a laugh and a smirk.

“Wiggle…worm? What the fuck does that mean?” I asked incredulously.

“Because you get all squirmy and wiggly when you’re desperate!” Lila exclaimed in a giggly tone.

“Uh-huh. Okay, I guess I’d better get drinking then so you can have some fun.” I said with a smirk as I started to drink my water even faster.

Lila simply nodded with a smile and continued driving.

…two hours later…

“God, I feel really full already. You’re absolutely sure I can’t loosen my belt a little? Low-rise jeans and a thick belt really aren’t helping right now.” I asked with a strained voice as I squirmed a little. My bladder was already feeling pretty heavy and solid and we weren’t even halfway through the last five hours of our trip.

“No, you can’t. And, since you asked, tighten it one notch.” Lila said sternly without even glancing at me.

“But-”

“Tighten it one notch right now or two notches after you try to convince me.” Lila instructed.

As I moved to tighten my belt as I was told, I realized something: Lila couldn’t physically make me tighten my belt since she was driving! And, since our last fuel stop was the last one we’d need to make, she likely wouldn’t stop again so as not to risk us being late. Instead of tightening my belt, I simply unbuckled it, unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans, and sighed with relief as the pressure was taken off my bladder.

“You can’t make me!” I said mischievously as I stuck my tongue out at Lila.

Lila looked over and saw what I had done and, to my surprise, said nothing and just kept driving. I allowed a smug look to wash over my face as I rested my head against the window and watched the other cars drive by. I did still really need to pee though, so I held myself with one hand.

“Hmm…” Lila finally uttered about ten minutes later. “I know we could make it to the hotel on the half a tank we have left, but I think we should top up just in case.” She said as she began merging into the lane for the upcoming exit.

I whipped my head around to look at Lila. “We might be late for our check-in time. Are you sure?” I asked, trying to subtly convince her not to stop. I knew what would happen if she did.

“We won’t be. I’d feel better if we had some extra gas in the tank, y’know, in case we get lost or take a wrong exit.” She said nonchalantly as she took the exit and turned onto the city road at the end of the ramp.

I let out a small sigh of defeat as I realized that she was going to stop no matter what I said or did. That sigh of defeat turned into a gasp of horror as I saw the gas station we were going to pull into. In addition to gas, this gas station offered automatic car washes - the kind that went on forever to spray every nook and cranny of your car with water and colorful soap.

“Perfect!” Lila exclaimed as she pulled into the gas station and parked the car at one of two pumps facing the car wash. She got out of the car and locked it as she walked toward the gas tank.

I watched the car wash in front of me run as Lila pumped gas. The person in there had paid for the full thing; a double pass of soap and the water jets and some polishing brushes at the end. I felt my bladder filling more and more with every second I was subjected to the sight and sound of the water jets. As I watched, I squeezed myself and placed one hand on my bladder, which was bulging ever so slightly.

“Lean back.” Lila commanded as she threw my door open and leaned into the car. I hadn’t even noticed that she stopped pumping gas.

I let out a small groan as I leaned back in my seat. The tension of my skin pulling tighter over my bladder made my desperation worse. Lila reached down towards my unbuttoned jeans and “accidentally” bumped her hand into my bladder just before she forced my jeans to button over my bladder.

“Mmm… baby… please…” I started. “I won’t be able to hold it if there’s more pressure.”

Lila didn’t respond to me, instead reaching for my belt. She tightened it slowly, counting as she did. “One…” She tightened it one notch. “Two…” She tightened it by two notches. “And three.” She said as she buckled my belt three notches tighter than it was before.

“Wh-what?! Why?!” I exclaimed as I shoved my hands between my legs.

“Because,” Lila started as she pulled away from me and out of the car. “I told you to either tighten it one notch as soon as I asked or two notches if you wanted to back-talk. You chose to unbuckle your belt and unbutton your jeans. So, three notches since you decided to back-talk and do the exact opposite of what I told you.” She explained, fully getting out of the car and closing my door.

“Fuck, baby, I’m not gonna make it another three hours like this. It’s too much, I’m gonna end up peeing my pants.” I said in almost a whisper once Lila had gotten into the driver’s seat and could hear me.

Lila put one hand on top of my bladder that was already being constricted by my pants and belt and applied a little pressure, making me squirm. She giggled and started rubbing my bladder in circles, applying slightly more pressure while I squirmed.

“Come on, be a big girl. You talked back and this is your punishment. Although, I do have an idea you might like…” Lila trailed off as she removed her hand from my bladder and reached into the backseat, dragging one of our bags into the front.

“Hmm, I could’ve sworn we put it in here…” She said while she rummaged through the bag. “Ha! Here it is!” She exclaimed as she pulled out a bright pink object.

“What is- oh!” I exclaimed in confusion when she handed me our remote controlled vibrator that we had packed to have some… play time once we got to our hotel in New York. “Why?”

“Put it in your underwear baby, you know the drill.” Lila said with a smirk.

Luckily this one was just for clit stimulation and didn’t have to go inside me, so I could just pop it in while sitting down. If I’d had to go into the gas station bathroom to insert it and be in such close proximity to a toilet, I truly may have lost it. I did as I was told and put it in, reluctantly zipping my jeans and redoing my belt afterwards. I gasped and shoved my hands between my legs as a big wave of desperation hit me after I put my belt back in place. I heard Lila giggle and felt the vibrator turn on while I was trying to keep everything in my bladder, which just made everything even worse.

“Hhhhhaaa mmmmfffuck!” I moaned, partially from the sudden stimulation but mostly from my drastically increased desperation.

“Oh, I love that sound!” Lila exclaimed giddily before turning the vibrator off. She laid her hand on my bladder and gently rubbed it, not applying pressure but definitely jostling it a little. “My little water balloon, keep drinking and filling up for me like a good girl. You’re not quite full enough for me yet. I’ll let you control the vibrator for a little bit if you do a good job at filling up for me, hmm?”

“Y-yes, baby. I w-will.” I said through my teeth while I squeezed myself, trying to contain about 64 ounces worth of tea and water.

“Good girl. Now, let’s keep going so we aren’t late.” Lila said as she put the car in park and got us back on the road.

While Lila drove, all I could think about was how I was gonna manage to finish and hold another 86 ounces of liquid in three hours. Sure, I had indeed held for ten, 12, even 18 hours before, but I was never made to drink this much and hold with so much pressure on my bladder. It was already bulging quite a bit and was nearly rock-solid. I gingerly rested one hand on my bladder while I used the other to continue drinking out of my supply and could swear I felt every single drop landing in my already overfilled bladder. I rested my head against the window and let a few tears roll down my cheek each time we went over a bump or pothole. God, this was gonna be a long trip…

To be continued…

I have some questions for you guys before the next part starts being written:

1. Would you prefer one longer part for the rest of the trip and what happens in the hotel? Or would you rather have one part for the rest of the trip and one for the hotel?

2. Should our main character leak a little so Lila makes them hold it until the ball drops or should I have some mercy?

Reply in the comments! Thanks for reading so far!

*015*2024-04-08 17:28

Chapter III

I was now at number six out of the ten drinks that Lila had bought for me. I decided to be smart and save all the tea for the end of the trip so I wouldn’t have to hold all that diuretic liquid for as long. But, as I downed the last sip of my last water bottle, I knew I had to start drinking all my tea. Lila also seemed to notice that I’d held off on the tea, something I wouldn’t normally do.

“Surprised you were able to hold off on the tea for a whole three hours, you usually chug it as soon as it’s made available to you.” Lila said with a laugh.

“Yeah, well, I wanted to make this a little easier on myself,” I said with a sigh as I cracked open my first bottle of tea. “Although my bladder’s already so full, I don’t know how much more it can hold, especially since this stuff is diuretic.” I quickly shoved one hand back between my legs while I began to drink.

Lila gave a mischievous laugh and looked over at me. Her eyes went wide as they scanned my body, eventually stopping on my bulging bladder. “Damn baby, it’s literally bulging over your belt. Fuck, that’s hot.”

Before I could respond, Lila clicked the button on the remote to activate the vibrator currently stuck in my underwear. I squeezed myself as the vibrations traveled through my pelvis and hit my bladder, making for a more difficult time holding. Unfortunately, the squeeze only made things more intense as the vibrator got pushed harder onto my clit, making me moan a little as I squirmed with the effort of holding my pee.

“Squirmy now, are we?” Lila asked rhetorically as she turned the vibrator’s intensity up a level. “God, this reminds me of that time we went skinny-dipping in that little river kinda near your dad’s house the summer after we graduated. Remember? We used one of these vibrators on the way there and back. That river was so pretty. Lots of nice, clear water, all those pretty little pebbles on the bottom that looked like something out of a fairytale. My favorite part was the little waterfall where the river went down the curve of the hill we were on. All that fast-moving water gently cascading down towards us, catching the light of the sunset and washing more of the pebbles over to us. Remember when we got too close and I fell because the water hit my feet too fast and took me out? That was fun, we need to go back sometime.”

I gasped in shock as the vibrator got turned up and images of waterfalls suddenly filled my mind. My bladder spasmed a little and sent a wave of desperation through me, causing me to instinctively double over. I quickly threw myself all the way back in my seat after I felt my bladder get violently squeezed by my jeans and belt when I doubled over. The tension of my skin being pulled over my bladder as I arched my back in an attempt to give my bladder more room wasn’t helping things either, though it was certainly better than my belt squeezing my bladder in my previous position. I felt myself grow wet and couldn’t tell if it was due to the clit stimulation or if I had leaked. I started humping my hands to help me hold a little better and moaned at the added stimulation. “F-fuucckk…”

“Hey now, I didn’t say you could do that!” Lila said in a fake angry voice and turned off the vibrator. “Sit back down and hold all that pee for me. I can’t wait until we get to our hotel.”

I did as I was told and slowly sat back down, being extra careful not to plop down and cause more stress on my bladder. “W-why did y-you d-do that?” I asked through tears and a throbbing bladder while I held myself with both hands, desperately trying not to leak.

Lila laid her right hand on my thigh and squeezed it gently. “Just wanted to see how you’d react,” She said, quickly glancing at me. “Oh, honey, are those tears? Was that too far? I’m sorry if it was”

I drew a deep breath in before responding. “N-no, it wasn’t too far, baby. I just- I’m really desperate and my bladder’s so full that it’s just a hard ball now and I still have like 2 and a half more drinks to finish and I’m already so full I-”

Lila gently interrupted me with a. “Shh, baby, I know. I know you’re really full and you’re doing such a good job holding all that liquid for me. I’ll be nice the rest of the way to the hotel and we can go to our room as soon as we get there to play in a more comfortable space. Does that sound good?”

I nodded and let myself relax a bit at Lila’s reassurance and slightly slumped back in my seat. Lila smiled and nodded at me before putting her hand on my bladder. I jumped a little as she did, thinking she was going to press on it. But, thankfully, she just held my bladder gently in her hand, only slightly squeezing it for a second before loosening up again.

“Oh my god, baby. You weren’t joking,” Lila said with a gasp. “Your bladder is rock-hard. How long have you been holding it?” She asked, slightly concerned.

“Well, excluding the time since we left the gas station before the one we just stopped at, probably about two hours or so. I wanted to have a full bladder when we got there so we could play around a little, I wanted to try to get you desperate too. So, it’ll be about seven hours in total by the time we get to our hotel.” I explained through deep breaths.

“Let’s make one more stop then,” Lila started. “I’ll get some drinks for myself so we can both have full bladders when we get to the hotel. I won’t be as full as you, obviously, but we can still have some fun. Does that sound good?”

I nodded and let my head roll back in relief. Maybe if Lila was desperate we wouldn’t play for as long and she’d let me go sooner? Even if that didn’t happen, it would still be super hot for us to both be desperate and play around. I looked out the window and took a deep breath before taking a sip out of one of my teas. This was gonna be a long couple of hours.

Time skip to hotel

“Come on baby, let’s go.” Lila said, gently jostling me awake. I had somehow managed to fall asleep and not pee myself, but as soon as I opened my eyes, I was the most desperate I had ever been.

“W-what about our stuff?” I asked as I gingerly stepped out of the car and saw Lila begin to walk away.

“We can get it later, baby. I have my wallet with my ID and everything so we can check in and go to our room,” Lila said. “I know you’re desperate and I am too.”

I didn’t ask anymore questions and just followed Lila into the hotel lobby. Once we were inside, I stopped holding myself and relied on sheer willpower to hold back the ocean of pee inside me so everyone around us wouldn’t stare. Although, Lila wasn’t doing the best job at keeping still as she stood at the front desk trying to check us in.

“Hmm… Lila Milton… I’m not seeing anything under that name for the 30th to the 2nd,” The front desk clerk mumbled while Lila tried to discreetly squirm. “Yeah, I don’t think we have- oh! There it is! We have two Lila Milton’s and yours wasn’t showing up with the correct dates for some reason, sorry. I see your address is listed as being in California? You must be anxious to get to your room, that’s a long way.”

Lila just smiled and handed the clerk her ID to scan into the system. I reached the front desk just as the clerk had finished scanning Lila’s ID and stood next to her, waiting to be told we were good to go.

“There you are, you can go on up!” The clerk exclaimed with a little too much enthusiasm. “And you!” They exclaimed, pointing to me. “I see you’ve got a little bundle of joy growing there! We can have some non-alcoholic drinks brought up for your mini bar if you’d like!”

“I’m not-” I started before looking down and seeing my bladder bulge. It definitely looked like I was a few months pregnant with the way it was sitting and how big it was. I decided to just roll with it instead of getting into an extremely uncomfortable conversation. “Yeah, actually, that would be nice. I’ll call for room service if I want anything, thank you!”

I began to walk towards where Lila was near the elevators as the clerk gave me a smile and wave. Lila was visibly desperate, although she couldn’t have had that much to drink in just a couple hours. An elevator opened and Lila hopped in,holding the door and motioning for me to hurry on.

“That bad? How much did you drink?” I asked teasingly once the doors had closed and the button for our floor had been pushed. I crossed my legs tight and gently cradled my full bladder with one hand to prevent it from getting jostled as the elevator shot up.

“A-a lot,” Lila started, crossing her legs and pressing her hands into her crotch. “I-I wanted to make this as fair as possible so I ch-chugged like four bottles of iced tea that I bought at our last stop.”

I let my face form a confused “what the hell?” expression while I stared at Lila. I didn’t think she was gonna drink that much, that was a lot for her, especially in only a couple hours. I looked down Lila’s body towards her bladder and saw a small bulge forming on her lower abdomen. I gingerly moved closer to her and put my other hand on her bladder to feel how full she was. Her bladder was nearly as firm as mine but still felt like it had at least a little room.

“Come on, let’s go!” Lila exclaimed as the elevator doors opened and she dragged me towards our room.

“Careful! Kinda have an extra-full bladder here, can’t be moving too fast.” I said just as we reached our room which was thankfully located really close to the elevator.

Lila quickly opened the door and pulled me inside, locking the door behind me. She put her back to the door and allowed herself to slide down it a little while she held herself with both hands.

“Fuck- I’m so f-full. You’re so full! God, this is hot.” She said in an almost hushed tone as she gently stood up and walked over to me. “Let’s get this show on the road.”

Lila quickly unbuckled my belt and unzipped my jeans which gave my bladder much needed room to expand. I let out a small moan of ecstasy from my new-found freedom and returned the favor to Lila, unbuttoning her jeans. As I pulled her jeans down more, I was able to see her bladder much better. It was definitely bulging and I put my hand on it. This time, it felt much firmer than it did a few minutes ago in the elevator, probably because she had been drinking nothing but diuretics for about two hours. I grinned a little and pushed in, causing Lila to let out a whimper.

“S-stop! You don’t want me to pee before we get to the fun stuff, do you?” Lila asked rhetorically while she took her top off.

I shook my head with a smile and began removing the rest of my clothes. When we were both fully undressed, we stared at each other for a moment before Lila pushed me backwards onto the bed. I tensed up and whimpered at the sudden change in position that made my bladder slosh around. Lila climbed onto the bed as quickly as she could without peeing herself and straddled me, hovering just above my bladder.

“Oh nooo, my legs are so weak from being crossed so hard to hold all this pee,” Lila began to say sarcastically as she slowly lowered herself, gradually squeezing my bladder. “I don’t think I can support myself anymore…” She said as she let herself completely fall onto my bladder.

“Oh-oh my f-fuck oh god please I can’t h-hold it like this.” I said in a strained voice as all of Lila’s body weight put an immense amount of pressure on my bladder.

“You can and you will, baby.” Lila said as she began to gently rock her hips back and forth. “Fuck, your bladder is so hard, you must be so full, just dying to pee.”

I nodded my head to the affirmative but, before I could say anything, Lila had leaned down and was kissing me. I reached up and began gently playing with her nipples, resulting in moans and Lila rocking her hips faster, presumably stimulating herself on me. I reached one hand down and placed it on Lila’s bladder as she moved against me. When she rocked her hips towards me, I firmly pushed on her bladder and massaged it, which made her move her hips even more as she tried to contain all her pee, furthering the cycle.

“Mmff, b-baby. How are you h-holding all that? I feel like I’m gonna burst.” Lila said between kisses.

“I’m barely h-holding o-n.,” I started. “I’m g-gonna p-pee if you don’t s-stop that.” I said, pushing on her bladder to signal that her rocking her hips wasn’t helping me at all.

Lila bounced on me a little when I put the extra pressure on her bladder, sending extreme waves of desperation through me. I tensed up and began to squirm and try to hold myself. That proved futile as I couldn’t reach around Lila’s hips and ass to hold myself.

“F-fuck it’s coming o-out. I can s-stop it!” I exclaimed under my breath while I squirmed and fought to keep everything inside.

“No it’s not, not now.” Lila said as she quickly changed positions and used her hand to stop me from peeing.

I let a few tears fall down my cheek as my bladder spasmed and tried to force out all the pee it was holding. Lila held strong while I squirmed until I could finally stop and just be still. Once I quit squirming, Lila soothingly massaged my bladder before straddling me again, this time not putting any weight on me.

“Ready for the grand finale?” She asked with a smirk.

“G-grande finale?” I asked.

Lila simply nodded while she got into a different position. She moved herself so she was completely laying on me with our overfilled, large bladders pressed against each other. We both moaned in a mixture of pain and pleasure at the added pressure, but we both found it hot that we were this desperate at the same time. We started to kiss again and I grabbed Llla’s hips, pulling her into me and putting more pressure on our bladders as I did. Lila suddenly tensed up and stopped kissing me, laying her head on my chest.

“I d-don’t wanna p-pee yet. P-please.” She begged while she began to squirm, desperately trying to hold everything back.

“Oh, but w-wouldn’t it f-feel so nice? J-just to p-pee right here,” I started while I pulled her in more and more, consequently increasing my own desperation. “I k-know you’re so f-full. I can feel how h-hard your bladder is. J-just let it go.”

Lila shook her head and continued trying to fight it. I let up on the pressure and she sighed with relief, thinking I was done. I gently pushed her off of me and kneeled beside her, placing both hands on her bladder.

“N-no, don’t!” She cried out as she tried to move her hands to hold herself.

I moved her hands away and quickly leaned onto my hands, putting extreme pressure on her bladder. She squirmed and whimpered as I applied more and more pressure before I finally heard a familiar hissing sound.

“Ffffuuuccckkkk…” Lila moaned in relief as she began to wet herself.

“S-see? That l-looks like it f-feels good.” I tried to say in a hot, domineering way, but failed as watching Lila empty her bladder began to be too much for me.

“Oh? What’s wrong, baby?” Lila asked as her stream stopped and she slowly sat up on the edge of the bed. “Oh! I know! You’re probably thirsty from that long car ride! Is that it? You want some water?” She asked sadistically.

I shook my head “no” while I held myself and squirmed on the bed. I could feel my skin pulled taut over my bladder with absolutely no more room to expand. I whimpered as I felt myself start to leak just a little and pushed my hand into my crotch even harder to try to hold it back.

“Ohhhh, I see,” Lila started sadistically. “You need to pee! Come here, stand in front of me.”

I did as I was told, albeit very slowly so as to not pee myself. I stood in front of Lila and she put both hands on my bladder, massaging it. I whimpered at the pressure, even if it was meant to be a soothing kind of massage.

“Is standing too much? Sit on my lap then, baby.” Lila said, turning me around and pulling me onto her lap.

Lila removed my hands from my crotch and pinned them between my back and her stomach. I bounced a little and squeezed her legs with mine while I desperately tried not to pee. Lila began playing with my nipples with one hand and laid the other on my bladder.

“I think it’s time for all this to come out, hmm?” She asked. “Don’t just let it out though, give me a good fight. Show me you’re a good girl with some self-control.” She said as she began to push on my bladder and moved her other hand down to my crotch, rubbing my clit through my jeans.

I let out a series of moans and whimper while Lila did this to me. I tried to hold it back but once the pressure on my bladder increased, I lost it. I began to wet myself while Lila continued playing with me and I moaned both from pleasure and the great relief of emptying my bladder. I kept peeing for what seemed like forever until I fully emptied my bladder.

“Good girl. Now, let’s go get cleaned up.”

The End

Sorry this took so long! I had a lot of work stuff and completely got sidetracked. I woke up desperate and horny this morning and decided I wasn't gonna let myself pee until I finished. You guys can thank my bladder and horny brain for this!

