A Little Game

Author: Bleblehblehe

*000*2024-06-03 07:55

It was excruciating. Vox was using every single ounce of his energy to not be a squirming mess. He sat there, shivering and having his legs practically glued together to keep him from leaking. And despite Vox doing this, Valentino was peacefully signing some paperwork with Vox shivering on his lap. Meanwhile the tv demon was on the verge of wetting himself.

So how did we get here? Well Valentino and Vox hadn’t spent that much time together all week, and they usually enjoy time together on Fridays. Now of course with Val being Val, they tend to ‘get it down’ too. But much to his dismay, Valentino still had work to do, but it’s not like the couple can’t have fun because of this right? After dragging Vox over to his office, and sitting him down on his lap, he handed Vox a bottle of water.

“Drink it, you’re probably dehydrated as fuck.” Valentino said as he put the water bottle to Vox’s mouth. “I don’t need you giving it to me like a baby.” Vox grumbled as Valentino started cradling him. “Less talking, more drinking.” Val said and started making Vox drink the water by force. “Val what the fuck?!” Vox yelled annoyed. “Cállate, I just need an hour to finish this.” Valentino said as he wrapped his wing around Vox to keep him from getting up. And in all honesty, Vox didn’t mind he would have to stay like this for an hour.

Underneath Valentinos wing was warm. So warm that it would put the worst insomniac into a coma. And the sound of Valentinos heartbeat and soft fabric of his shirt added to how cozy Vox felt. He nuzzled his head onto Valentinos shoulder, eyes droopy, waiting to fall into a quick nap. And after a few more deep breaths, he did. “Este chiquito…” Valentino thought as he saw the tv demon sleeping against him. It almost made him feel bad for what was gonna happen to him in a few minutes.

Because that bottle of water, had a strong diuretic inside of it. (woowzers.) He already knew for a fact there was no way Vox would be able to handle that much fluid inside him for a whole hour. And not to mention that he had a punishment in mind for when Vox would wet himself. And he already knew that Vox wouldn’t even try and ask to use the bathroom, he was too proud. And like if the universe had read his mind, Vox suddenly jolted up and squeezed his legs together.

“Hey, hey, cálmate chiquito, you had a nightmare?” Valentino said with a frown as he rubbed Vox’s shoulder. “No… I… my body did that weird fake fall thing.” Vox said as he put his hands on his lap trying to regain his composure. “Well can you stay still? The sooner I finish this, the sooner we can fuck around.” Valentino said as he leaned forward to get started on his work. As for Vox, he had his legs squeezed so tight he thought they would merge. He really had to pee, but he couldn’t tell Val right? He just started his work and he would disturb him!

So Vox stayed there, taking deep breaths, gaslighting himself into thinking that he would be able to hold it, only for his bladder to spasm making him inhale sharply. “You ok Voxxy? You’re acting weird.” Valentino said while he rubbed his back, knowing it triggered Vox’s bladder. “I-I’m ok… just cold….” His lower half kept shaking as his bladder throbbed in sync with his racing heartbeat. “Aw, you should’ve told me…” Valentino said as he wrapped his wing tighter and warmer around Vox, his bladder only throbbed more and he started rubbing his thighs together, hoping that would numb the pressure.

It had been 20 minutes of Valentino doing paperwork and Vox desperately trying to hold his overflowing bladder, by this point he couldn’t help but squirm in place, as a low whimper vibrated in his throat. Vox already knew for a fact he wouldn’t last another minute, whether he liked it or not, he had to tell Valentino about his need. It’s would be better to fess up than have a wet pants situation. “Hey… uh- Val..?” The second Valentino whips his head to give Vox an annoyed glare, he regrets ever trying to ask. “What do you want Vox?” Val said with clear annoyance in his voice.

“Uh- I…” Vox couldn’t stop stuttering in his sentences. “Spit it out dammit!” Val yelled at him. The booming of his voice startled him so much a wave a desperation hit him so hard he leaked. “I really need to piss!” Vox whined as he held his crotch trying to keep his pee in. “So that’s what this is all about?! Voxxy just had to go potty all along?” Valentino said while cradling Vox like a baby, prying his hand away from his crotch. “Val- I can’t… I need the bathroom…” Vox whined as he squirmed in Valentinos grasp, tears were pricking the edge of his eyes from how desperate he was.

“Well you’re on my lap right? If you have an accident, it’ll get all over me! You don’t want that to happen don’t you..?” Valentino said rubbing Vox’s bladder lightly as a feather. The touch made Vox’s situation worse. He could feel a spurt from his crotch as a high pitched whimper escaped his throat. “Val! I can’t hold it anymore!” Vox said with a sob as more and more spurts kept escaping into his pants. This was going WAY better than how Valentino planned, seeing Vox writhe underneath him so pathetically made him so… how could he even describe the joy..?

Valentino tripled his had down, and traced his bladder bulge, eyes widening with glee. “Look at this! You sure have a lot in there don’t you pretty boy?” All he got as an answer was Vox sobbing as his bladder slowly started giving into his need. But alas, he could never get out more than a few spurts.

“Go on memoir, you’ve already held it in for so long, I don’t want for my little boy to be in pain…” Valentino said as he rubbed his back, trying to get Vox to give in to his needs. “Just… I- can’t let it go…” That was the truth, Vox’s muscles must’ve gotten locked up from holding. “Pobrecito… Let me help you pee…” Valentino said as he started rubbing circles into Vox’s bladder. “Okay so I’m gonna count to ten, and you try to relax okay?” “O- ok… please hurry!” Vox said as he squirmed in the moths arms.

“Ok… One… Two…” it was only two seconds in and Vox could already feel a small stream form in his underwear… Why can’t his bladder just release already?! “Three… Four… Five…” The circles Valentino had been rubbing were really helping with making Vox release, he was on the brink of peeing. “Six… Seven… Eight…” He was almost there, just two more seconds and all his pain would be washed away. Vox thought about all the water he drank, how painful it was to hold it all in, how badly he wanted to let go… “Nine… Ten…”

Immediately after Valentino stopped counting, Vox had finally started to pee. Both his and Valentino’s clothes were drenched in just a few seconds, and a huge puddle was forming underneath them. Vox sighed from the blinding relief, and the touch of Valentino was driving him crazy. As for the moth demon, he pulled Vox in close and muttered sweet nothings into where his ear would’ve been. And after some last few spurts, Vox was empty, getting pee shivers. “All done chiquito?” Valentino asked him putting his hand in his shoulder. “Mmhm…” Vox nodded. “Well seeing you pee, has made me have to go. Haven’t gone for a few hours…” Valentino said as he moved his hips forward carrying Vox from his chest. “I’m gonna pee now, isn’t good to hold it in for so long!”

And right then and there, Valentino started peeing. What was strange was how much of a relief he made it look like. Moaning while throwing his head back made it look like he had gone through more than Vox. “Did you really have to go that bad? I went through it worse than you and I wasn’t reacting like this…” Vox questioned. “Well seeing you pee made it 10x more of a pleasure!”

Valentino suddenly threw the both of them off the chair they were on and pinned Vox to the ground, venom dripping from his lips. “My baby made a little mess didn’t he? So let me turn you into a big one.”

Haha horny moth go brrrrrrrr

