Emma's Desperate Night Out

Author: BigBear

*000*2019-12-24 01:09

Emma smiled happily when she saw the familiar sight of the towns football stadium in the distance meaning they were almost there. Almost as if reading her mind the trains tannoy system sparked into life with the pre recorded message telling passengers that they were on approach to the next station. It went on to say that the service would be terminating and some stuff about asking passengers to take their belongings and have tickets ready but Emma had already stopped listening as she went back to the thoughts in her mind. She was glad they were almost there, mainly because she was looking forward to the continuation of her already fun night out with her friends for Claire’s birthday, but partly because she needed a wee, quite badly.

The journey had taken about 20 minutes. Not a long journey, not long at all. But when that 20 minutes had been spent with an ever filling bladder and a need to pee that kept on intensifying it had seemed a long time. She squirmed slightly as she thought about her need and the thought that it had been about 45 minutes since she last had a wee. Again not a long time usually but having consumed many glasses of wine it certainly felt like it.

She had met her friends earlier in the evening at their local pub in their and had then gone to the Italian restaurant in town where they had had a lovely meal and worked their way through a few bottles of wine between them. They had all decided that after leaving the restaurant they would go get the train and head into town and hit up a few of the hot spots.

By the time they reached the train station Emma first noticed her need to pee. She had gone just before leaving the restaurant but she wasn’t surprised. She had had a lot of wine and had, as they say, broken the seal. She was always the same when drinking wine, or any alcohol for that matter, she ended up needing to wee quite often.

Unfortunately for her the station in their little town was made up of just two platforms with a couple of shelters. No toilets or waiting rooms. So she had just accepted that she had to wait. At the time that had been easy to say but as she stood waiting for the train she could feel her need increasing.

When their train had finally arrived she saw, as she expected, it was a simple commuter train. She had known it would be but part of her had hoped it might be a more modern train, one with toilets, but alas it wasn’t so she had just boarded and followed her friends to sit down. When she had sat down she knew it was only a short journey and they would soon be at their destination.

Now here they were pulling into the station and now she really needed a wee. She subtly bounced her legs under the table as she focused on the signals from her bladder. The sooner the train stopped and they got off the better. At least this station had toilets.

As the train slowed down and came to a stop her friends got up and headed for the door. She grabbed her bag and followed behind them. As she stepped out onto the platform the cold air hit her and seemed to intensify her need. She composed herself and set off walking along with Jenny.

As they entered into the main hall of the station she looked over and saw that the waiting room was closed up for the night. She cursed as she had hoped to just go in and use the bathroom. She looked round at the toilets across the tracks on the other platform and couldn’t see whether or not they were still open. Whether they were or not it wasn’t relevant either way, she wasn’t about to walk all the way under the subway to the opposite platforms just to potentially find them locked anyway, plus she didn’t want to be the only one holding everyone up, most of her group were already in the queue for the ticket barrier.

She begrudgingly ignored the protest from her bladder and joined the queue with her ticket in hand. As she stood in the queue she realised just how badly she needed to pee. Standing up certainly hadn’t helped and now she was busting. Not desperate just yet, thankfully but definitely a strong need. As she moved along in the queue she couldn’t help jiggle her legs back and forth in an attempt to lessen the need she was feeling.

Eventually she reached the front and scanned her ticket which opened up the barrier. She joined her friends and waited for the rest of the group to join them. When they caught up they discussed where to head first and a decision was made to head to an 80’s themed bar that would have karaoke. Emma hadn’t heard of the place before and asked where it was. She squirmed when she heard where it was. The bottom side of town. A 10 minute walk. By then she would be bursting and definitely heading straight for the loo.

They made their way out of the station and as they walked across the square the group split off into three smaller groups. Emma was with Jenny and Lisa at the back and as they walked along she tried to concentrate on the conversation but her focus was on the building pressure she felt between her legs and on making sure she kept her knickers and dress dry. Walking really wasn’t helping her need and she soon jumped up to bursting. She knew if they didn’t hurry up and get to where they were going, she would be in danger of having an accident. She quickened the pace a little and as she turned round the corner she smiled at what she saw. At the corner of the intersection down the road was McDonalds. She could use the toilets there.

“Yes, yes, yes, I can go there, not far to go” she started thinking to herself. Thankful that she no longer had to worry about holding on till they got to the bar they were going to. She just had to get the bottom of the road. She turned to Jenny and Lisa and told them that she was going to call into McDonald’s and use the bathroom.

“We aren’t that far away now, only 5 minutes”. replied Lisa.

“I know it's not far away but I really really need a wee, I’ve needed to go since we got on the train, I’m getting desperate” said Emma, trying to emphasise to her friends that she needed to stop off.

“Okay” nodded Lisa then suddenly turned to the rest of the group just ahead and shouted. “GUYS, WE ARE GOING TO MCDONALDS. EMMA NEEDS A WEE!”.

Emma couldn’t believe Lisa had just advertised so bluntly that she had to pee, thankfully there weren't many people around this part of town. Lisa ran down to the rest of the group and when Emma and Jenny caught up to them Claire asked what was going on.

Emma crossed her legs and said “I'm calling in Mcdonalds because I really need a wee”.

“I will come too,” added Jenny.

“Okay, we will continue on, we went to get there soon to try get a table”.

“No problem, I will see you guys there” replied Emma, turning to continue down the road. Jenny followed in behind her whilst the rest of the group crossed over the road.

She reached the edge of the road and pressed the crossing button. Cars and buses went past and all Emma could do was look across the road, knowing that relief was so close but so far. She kept looking at the walk signal willing it to turn green. She crossed and squeezed her legs, bobbing gently on the spot. Knowing she was so close to a bathroom was making the pressure worse and making her desperation slowly increase.

Eventually the light changed to green and she dashed across the road and into the busy store. She knew the store well and knew the toilets were upstairs. She looked at the stairs and saw there was a barrier across them. They must close the upstairs part during the evening she thought. She turned towards the back of the restaurant to where the disabled toilet was. As she walked forward she saw that was blocked off too. When she reached the blockage there was a security guard standing there. She asked him if she could get past to the toilet and her heart sank when he gruffly replied “no”.

He explained to her that after lots of trouble with drunk people causing a mess and just coming in purely to use the toilets they made the decision to not let people use them after certain times at the weekend. She wanted to plead with him, to tell him how she was bursting and almost wetting herself, to let him know she was almost having an accident. But she couldn’t bring herself to say anything. It was too embarrassing. She accepted his denial and turned to walk out.

Being so close to relief to be denied was so bad, almost as if her bladder was adding more pressure in protest. All she could do now was head after the rest of her friends and hope she could make it. She joined Jenny and told her about what had happened. They headed down the road and then turned onto one of the main streets for nightlife. As she walked along the street she looked at each bar and place they passed wishing she could just dash inside one of them and use their bathroom. She would have happily done that had it not been for having to queue to get into them.

She pushed her way through the crowds of people, all the while focusing on holding on just a little longer, focusing on keeping her knickers dry. Being denied and having to keep on holding had pushed her from bursting into being desperate and now it was taking all her strength to keep holding on. She kept getting waves of desperation hitting her and with each one she felt her bladder push and she almost leaked into her knickers.

It took them five minutes to reach the end of the street and as they turned the corner she saw her destination and to her dismay, there was a small queue to get in. Thankfully she saw it wasn’t a queue to get in the bar, it was a queue whilst the security checked ID and searched bags.

She joined the back of the queue and broke out dancing and squirming, she could do it, she could hold on, just a tiny bit longer. All she could think about was her frantic need to wee. She found herself urging the queue to hurry up, she needed to get inside, she needed to get to the toilet, she needed a wee. More than anything else she just had to wee.

It took a few minutes but she reached the front. She noted there was a small entry fee and to her dismay when she went to get money out of her purse she realised she had used her last fiver to pay for her train ticket. Jenny realised the same and said they would have to go to the atm. Emma knew there was no way she could go to the ATM and then queue up again. She would wet herself for sure. She asked the bouncer if she could get some money and come straight in. Thankfully the guy was nice and told her that she didn’t have to queue up again, just come straight to the front.

She thanked him and dashed as fast as she could towards the atm. There was a group of young lads standing there and she hoped and prayed that they all didn’t want money. She had only been standing there for 30 seconds but her need was getting dire. She was dangerously close to wetting herself and her embarrassment no longer mattered, all that mattered was getting to the loo as soon as possible.

“Excuse me guys, would I be able to go ahead of you, I’m dying for a wee and I need money to get into the bar”. As she pleaded with them to let her cut she grabbed herself and crossed her legs to show them how serious she was.

The guy at the front laughed and said she could go first. She thanked him and quickly thrust her card into the machine. She tapped out her number, dancing and squirming on the spot as she did. She knew the guys were probably enjoying watching her dancing and wiggling in her dress but she didn’t care about that. She could only focus on one thing.

Suddenly a wave of need hit her and a few dribbles escaped into her knickers. She pleaded with the machine to hurry up and give her the money. As soon as it came out she grabbed it and ran back towards the bar. She completely forgot about Jenny behind her and told her she would pay for them both to get in. She waited for Jenny to come over and then they both headed to the bar.

When they got there Emma walked over to the bouncer and handed him the money. He handed her some change and as she went to open the door, he stopped her and told her he had to search in her bag. She told him she was desperate for the toilet and had to get inside. He nodded and told her he heard that a lot, he still needed to search her bag.

She handed over her bag and squeezed her legs tight, telling him to hurry up. She felt more dribbles escaping and dampening her knickers. She was on the verge of losing control. This added delay wasn’t helping her at all.

He checked through her bag and when he was happy he handed it back and started searching Jenny’s bag. Emma opened the door and told Jenny she would see her inside. She dashed inside and quickly found her friends sitting at a table. She walked over, threw her bag down and asked Claire where the toilets were. Claire pointed to the stairs in the corner and said they were upstairs.

Emma dashed across the room and started climbing the stairs. With each step up she dribbled and leaked into her knickers.

“Oooo com on, so close, so close, need a wee, need a wee, I have to wee, oh good I just want to wee”. The inner monologue ran through her mind over and over and she got closer to the relief she so desperately needed. She reached the top of the stairs and walked towards a door. She realised that was the gents and looked round and found the ladies.

She pushed through the door and immediately bumped into Lisa who was stood outside three closed stalls.

“Hey Emz, glad you made it, I was wondering where you…..you okay?”.

“I’m about to wee myself if I don’t get to a toilet” said Emma, frantically dancing.

“I thought you went to McDonalds” replied Lisa.

“I did, but they wouldn’t let me use the bathroom, can I go first, I’m seriously starting to wet my knickers”.

Lisa looked at Emma dancing and said “I can see that, but no you can’t go first, I’m almost wetting myself as well, you will just have to wait”.

It was only then that Emma noticed Lisa had her legs crossed and was squirming too.

Before Emma could protest one of the stalls opened and Lisa rushed in. Emma moved forward and squirmed hard as she heard the sound of Lisa pulling her jeans down and the sound of her forceful stream. The sound caused Emma to leak. She ran her hand up her dress and pushed hard on the front of her knickers. She could feel the wetness there as she pushed against her aching pussy trying to stop anymore leaking out. She frantically stepped from foot to foot, leaking against her fingers, desperately urging one of the stalls to open so she could have her much needed wee. The leaks got bigger, harder. She knew if she didn’t get to pee within the next minute she would end up doing it uncontrollably all over herself and the floor.

Something in her subconscious made her turn around and go out and push the door into the gents. She saw the stall open, the toilet waiting. The sight of it made her start spurting. She didn’t have time to think, she just acted on instinct. She moved towards the toilet, lifting her dress up and pulling down her knickers. The moment she moved her knickers she started peeing full force. A little shot onto the floor before she could move over the toilet.

She let out a long sigh as the pressure released and her bladder started emptying. The feeling was wonderful, almost orgasmic. She was so lost in the moment she completely forgot she was in the gents, in an open stall. She was brought back to reality by a sudden exclaim of “Wow”.

She looked up and saw the guy she had cut in front of at the ATM standing staring at her open mouthed. She wasn’t sure what to do. She was embarrassed but she just smiled at him and said “told you I was dying for a wee”.

He chuckled and said “yeah, you weren’t kidding”. He nodded down to her legs and she looked down and saw her red knickers around her knees with a clear wet patch on them from where she had been leaking. She flushed red and wished her bladder would hurry and empty. The guy went over to one of the urinals and started peeing. At least he had no issue peeing in front of her. When her stream died down she quickly pulled her knickers back into place and pulled her dress down. She apologised to the young guy and washed her hands.

She went back downstairs and joined her friends who had gotten a round of drinks in. Not long after the guy suddenly appeared at the table and handed her a drink and thanked her for the show with a cheeky wink. She blushed again, made worse by her friends questioning her about what the show was. She kept her lips sealed, that was just between her and the nice young man.

