GTA inspired story

Author: Bladdergurl

*000*2020-08-22 06:29

I had finally saved up enough money to buy myself a penthouse, I was radically in the moment the day I purchased it and I drank... a lot. I had wine, rum, and shot after shot after shot. I was so happy I didn't care about getting completely drunk, and unaware of how much fluids I had consumed. When I finally finished drinking I was flat wasted, and asleep on my bed. I want to say I was only asleep for about an hour, maybe hour and a half. But those drinks I had before had gone right through me and I had to pee... BAD.

I was awaken by my bladder begging for relief. I must have been so drunk I didn't remember getting into my own hot tub because when I awoke I was wearing a one piece swimsuit. The swimsuit was an old one that didnt really fit me anymore but i guess i had squeezed into it somehow. Weirdly I felt turned on in a sense, every time I would move, my muscles would contract and would squeeze my bladder. I pranced around my penthouse trying to hold it to keep the wonderful sensation alive. I eventually found myself in the bathroom, staring at the toilet.

My head was racing... it seemed so right. I turned away and walked out despite how badly I needed to relieve myself. I sat on the couch and turned on the TV thinking I can distract myself and can keep the sensation going. Fifteen minutes into a TV show I started squirming really bad. Don't pee... don't pee...don't even think about peeing. My swimsuit was very tight and was hugging my abdomen, this made it very uncomfortable and hard to sit still. Ten more minutes and I was in pain, I was holding so much urine in my body... my lower stomach was bulging outward. I tried to press on it only to find that it was rock hard.

I started gently caressing my bladder giving me incredible sensations, I tried sitting up when a sharp pain went through my spine. That's when I knew maybe it was time to relieve myself. I slowly got up and made my way to the bathroom, my back still aching from my overly stretched bladder. It was so painful... I felt like any minute my bladder could burst like a balloon. I sat down on the toilet and started peeing like a garden hose. It was a hard consistent stream of surprisingly clear pee. I could feel my bladder get smaller and smaller as my stream got weaker. I peed for no lie 49 seconds straight.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*003*2020-08-26 16:48

{{On 8/25/2020 at 8:48 AM, Ienjoy said:

Wow, I love the descriptive language used in this story. How did you make the pictures?

}}

GTA has an in game editor, where you can then edit pictures, videos, ect.

*005*2020-09-10 03:01

{{On 8/29/2020 at 12:11 PM, Red Simpson said:

@Bladdergurl

I absolutely love the poses, what did you use to get them?

}}

I used the in game editor, with certain emotes.

*010*2020-09-12 23:11

{{On 9/10/2020 at 3:40 AM, Red Simpson said:

What emotes did you use?

}}

I don't really remember, sorry about that.

