The cursed lock-persona 5 futaba story

Author: Bob222

*000*2024-09-24 12:15

Quick warning, this fic involves poop content

(mementos-4PM)

Futaba: “Joker on your right!” The group was battling the reaper, they were caught off guard while exploring and encountered it, thankfully, they were well prepared and could easily beat it with some smart planning.

The battle was short lived, Joker’s large array of strong persona’s meant the battle was easy. Until they were near the end of the fight. Futaba was detecting it charging up using concentrate and was about to launch an almighty attack, one that she’d never seen before

Futaba: “oh no you don’t!” she yelled back at it, moving her persona to guard the attack.

The reaper launched its attack, and just in time Necronomicon had flown in front of the team, blocking all the damage that would have been taken. Unfortunately, the intense power had launched the persona backwards a good distance, putting Futaba out of commission for the rest of the fight. Fortunately, a quickly timed hassou tobi had killed the reaper.

After the battle had ended, Joker went to pick up Futaba while the others got their footing back and healed up.

Joker: “hey, you ok?”

Futaba: “Yeah, gonna be sore for a bit, that took a lot out of me”

Joker: “well, don’t worry, I was planning on leaving soon anyway, think you can see a way out?”

Futaba: “oh, uh, yeah just head up that way it's where we came from”

The group gathered together and got inside Morgana as he headed for the entrance. On the ride home they managed to avoid any encounters with shadows, which was helped as many of them now feared the team and avoided fighting. While riding back, Futaba did notice a strange feeling, a lingering sensation around her waist.

Futaba: “Huh, this is weird. I’ll look into it when i get home” she thought to herself, for now she just wanted to rest after taking such a big hit during that battle.

***

After a 30 minute wait, they made it back to the entrance, and the weird feeling had continued to bother her. She wanted to use her persona to figure out what was wrong, but she was just too exhausted to test. She was sitting in the back seat alone, (Morgana had managed to expand the inside to compensate for all the Phantom thief members), so she decided to sneak a quick peek down her pants, this had led her to realise what was causing the weird feeling, a strange looking lock was on her panties.

After leaving the car she pulled joker to the side to explain the situation

Futaba: “hey” she said in a quieter tone, “something happened in that battle, i don’t want the others to see this” she briefly pulled her pants to the side to ensure joker could see without raising suspicion towards the other members.

Joker: “Is that a lock?”

Futaba: “yes, and i don’t know what it means or what its doing”

Joker thought to himself for a moment: “later today come to leblanc, we’ll sort it out there”

Futaba decided not to question it further, especially since she wanted to relax for now.

***

Joker’s room-8 pm

Joker made sure that Morgana was out of his room, he didn’t want any of the other guys seeing his girlfriend's underwear.

A few minutes after Morgana left the room, Futaba came up the stairs.

Futaba: “Hey”

Joker: “nice to see you, well let’s not beat around the bush, do you know what that weird thing was.

Futaba: “no clue,”

Joker thought to himself and then spoke: “let's go back in the metaverse, you can use Necronomicon to check”

Futaba thought for a moment: “why didn’t I think of that. Oh but let me just take these pills, Takemi prescribed them to me for fibre intake”

Futaba left to get a glass of water, when she came back up she took out three of the pills

Joker: “Are you sure you need to take that many?”

Futaba: “yeah i think she said to take about 3”

Futaba took the pills: “cough, oh jesus those taste awful”

Joker: “you’ll be fine soon enough, most bad tasting medicine are the good kind” he knew this was the case after constant tests from Takemi

The two of them used the app to re-enter Mementos. They stayed in the entrance to avoid any conflict, even with weak shadows just the two of them might have troubles.

Joker looked around the entrance making sure it was safe: “looks fine, so what’s your…uh” he cut himself off as he turned around to face Futaba, he wasn’t expecting to see her ass and panties in full view. Futaba had turned around, leaning over to pull her pants down, the metaverse outfit was decently tight, this meant her ass was on full display.

Joker decided to be a bit playful: “i always knew green was your colour” he said while smirking as he looked at her green panties.

Futaba: “heh, keep admiring, maybe you’ll eventually notice the lock on them”

Joker: “hey, not my fault my girlfriend has a nice ass”

Futaba: “well maybe when we deal with this situation you can see the full thing”

Joker: “i’ll hold you to that” he said while lightly laughing.

Futaba summoned her persona and began examining herself, after a couple of minutes she came to a resolution.

Futaba: “ok so, firstly, this lock is preventing me from taking my panties off, they’re basically stuck to me, at least, for my strength i can’t pull them off. Secondly, this curse only lasts for 8 hours”

Joker: “huh, ok so, if you got hit earlier at 4 and its 8 now, about 4 more hours”

Futaba: “pretty much, i can live with this”

Joker: “i think your ignoring a more crucial part, you can’t take them off, i mean, what if you need the bathroom”

Futaba: “it’s fine, i pissed before the mission earlier…what, upset you couldn’t see me squirm to hold it” she said in a mockingly flirty tone.

Joker: “well given you never said you shit, i might still see that happen” and right on que, as if her body was waiting for joker to say those words, Futaba felt a sharp pain in her stomach and a build up in her ass.

Joker: “Futaba, what's wrong!?”

Futaba: “great, you jinxed it, right as you said that i guess those fibre tablets took effect-KYAA!” she cut herself off grabbing her own ass. “What the hell, how strong are those things”

Joker: “come on, get your pants back on and let's head to the real world before something worse happens” Futaba picked up her metaverse pants and threw them on while leaving the door.

After returning back to their world, Futaba was still feeling like she was about to shit at any moment. Joker took her on his bed to help her relax the pain, he also decided to read the prescription she was given, which is when he noticed something.

Joker: “Futaba, how many did you take again?”

Futaba: “phew, Three, i think it’s calming down a bit”

Joker: “well that explains it, Takemi must have screwed up this bottle says take 3 a week”

Futaba: “WHAT! Goddamnit!” Despite her anger in the moment, the upset she felt had managed to help her relax a bit and not focus on the pressing need in her ass.

Joker: “think you’ll last another 4 hours”

Futaba just nodded in response.

Futaba: “can i stay here tonight, just in case something happens with this curse”

Joker: “yeah of course” Joker rubbed his girlfriend's shoulders, trying to help her relax. “Wanna watch an anime”

Futaba: “oh, really? Yeah of course which one” the two of them discussed what anime to watch, eventually settling on a recently released adaptation of a video game they had both played. However, throughout their binge session, Futaba continued to have problems

Futaba: “ahh, oh god not again”

Joker: “3 hours to go, you ok?”

Futaba: “yeah yeah, i just don’t wanna shit myself, i don’t think watching this is distracting enough” Futaba began to think of what they could do.

Futaba: “can you try taking them off?”

Joker: “i thought you said the lock was a curse”

Futaba: “yeah but you're stronger than me, you might be able to pull them off with force”

Joker: “if you say so” Joker reached over and put his hands on her sides, feeling the surprising thickness of her thighs.

Futaba: “Don’t you dare grope my ass this thing already feels like its gonna slide out any moment”

Joker: “I won’t don’t worry” he started tugging forcefully at her panties, putting a lot of strength into the pulling, unfortunately, no amount of force was going to move them.

Futaba: “well, it was worth a shot, guess it’s back to holding it again, if she could just distract herself long enough then she could make it, she thought to herself, it was then that she came to a realisation. “I’ve got it, turn me on”

Joker: “what?”

Futaba: “if i’m horny i won’t focus on needing to shit”

Joker: “wha-uh, well, if you say so”

Futaba: “Perfect, now then, it’s a very delicate process to get someone like me horny, feel free to touch anywhere, but I should say, it’ll be quite difficu-oooooh” Joker reached around her and gently massaged her breasts.

Joker: “you were saying?”

Futaba: “unfair, you know their sensitive-ahhh”

Joker: “well it’s still working isn’t it” Joker continued to massage them, causing her even more arousal. After 5 minutes he stopped

Futaba: “the moment this curse is gone we’re fucking, this is too much build up” while she was certainly annoyed by him stopping, she had temporarily forgotten about the situation, and, outside of a couple close calls, she would continue to forget until there was only 5 minutes left on the timer. Unfortunately, this is when her body couldn’t take it anymore

Futaba: “KYAAA!”

Joker: “It happened again?”

Futaba: “yes but-AHH-this is worse, oh god it’s coming”

Joker: “what?”

Futaba: “bathroom, i need it” joker grabbed her hand and pulled her downstairs into leblanc’s toilet

The two of them were both in the bathroom as Futaba hovered her ass over the toilet ring

Joker: “Only 3 more minutes, come on just a bit more” Futaba clenched her body with as much force as she could, but it was all for naught.

Futaba: “i can’t stop it, it’s already turtle heading”

Joker: “just one more minute left”

Futaba: “come on come on, oooh nononono” the turd had began sliding out of her ass, it was refusing to stay inside

Joker: “20 seconds” Futaba gripped the edge of her panties, preparing to pull them down the moment she could, her mind was racing and her body was sweating from the pressure, she was gonna shit herself, a teenager shitting herself, it would be pathetic, it was-

Joker: “There, now” right on cue, the lock had disappeared from her panties, the moment she heard him say this she yanked her panties off and slammed her ass on the toilet. Causing her ass to make a massive deposit in the toilet.

Futaba smiled from ear to ear, the hours of pressure and build up had all come out at once, falling into the toilet and making her feel empty.

After a minute of pushing, it all came out, she stood up to wipe her ass when she realised Joker was still in there.

Futaba: “well, guess you got to see after all”

Joker looked past her and noticed the horror show in the toilet: “how was there so much inside you”

Futaba took the opportunity to tease him: “what, worried your dick won’t be able to fill me after seeing how much space is down there”

Joker, regaining his composure: “i think we both know i’ve got enough to do that”

Futaba: “oh yeah, you better prove it then”

Joker: “let’s get you back upstairs and get this toilet empty first, i don’t think one flush will be strong enough”

Futaba gave the toilet one flush, and then realised it was a problem, the toilet was definitely clogged.

Joker: “sigh, great, guess we just gotta keep flushing, why doesn’t Sojiro have a plunger in here”

Joker kept flushing the toilet, eventually managing to unclog it. The two went back to his room.

Futaba: “hey, thank you for helping, I know it didn’t seem it but i was really scared about shitting myself”

Joker: “hey it’s fine, besides you know i wouldn’t judge you, it was a curse after all”

Futaba reached over and hugged Joker, thanking him while doing so, after getting face to face she made the first move to kiss him, grabbing the back of his head while smiling through the kiss.

Futaba: “i’m still feeling all hot and bothered from earlier, you better take responsibility”

Joker: “only if you keep your agreement from earlier”

Futaba: “oh please, like i didn’t catch you staring at my ass constantly already” she said while reaching down to take her panties off.

Joker: “and you weren’t staring at my bulge this entire time”

Futaba: “guess we both gotta take responsibility for each other” she said while reaching over to pull his shirt up, “i hope you're talented, big boy” she said in a flirty tone.

Joker wasted no more time and kissed her back while reaching over to take her shirt off, the two of them spent a long night together.

*001*2024-09-26 23:46

I'm planning on making more chapters with futaba, she's very fun to write omo for I just lack concepts

