XLCR: A Marvel Cinematic Universe Line Desperation Story

Author: bes31

*000*2020-07-31 03:13

Hi, all! This is my first ever commissioned story and my first foray into fan-work. If you love it and are interested in maybe getting your own commissioned story, please message me on this account or email me at [email protected]

Once there I will explain my system, my do's and don'ts and how to navigate the creation of your story. With that out of the way: Please enjoy this story, which might be the craziest story I have ever written.

XLCR - A Marvel Cinematic Universe Line Desperation Story

Written By Bes31

Commissioned For Edward65

Fifteen Minutes…. Fifteen Minutes. Carol Danver pondered, watching events unfold through the window of her shabby Brooklyn apartment. She had bought the small place during the blip for those brief moments that the superhero would actually stay on earth, and those times were very short, even shorter where she was compelled to relax at home instead of completing another series of incredible feats. She was hardly home, and today just for fifteen minutes, and even this quarter-of-an-hour was broken by some jackass clipping a poor old lady on the side of the road before driving off. The only thing stopping her was the calculus she put in her head, would she still have time? It must not have mattered that much, as she blasted out the window.

There was a point in her life where Carol was normal, not blasting out of windows at mach speed, scanning above ground to the speeding cars that wrung the streets. Many years ago she came too close to Kree tech only for it to change her beyond comprehension, to whatever fantastical form she was now. Crowds of people peered at the flying girl (she wasn’t a regular) as Carol spotted the little red sedan that had done the cruel deed. She rocketed to the ground, and in a bout of histrionics, collided into the hood, folding the engine like an accordion. “WHAT THE FUCK!?” The man driving yelled at the sight to be seen, opening the car door only to fall to the Brooklyn street. Carol did not say a word, instead letting the driver mumble and mutter, she knew she was far more intimidating silent.

“Wh...Wh...What do you want!?”

“You know you hit a lady, right?” Carol gave him the benefit of the doubt.

“No… No,, y...you got the wrong guy. I would nev…. How did you see me?”

“8th floor. Rent controlled. Would you believe it?”

Carol swooped the man in his arms and disposed of him at the bin, making quick work of the process (fly away from the police station fast enough that you don’t need to sign paperwork and also fly with enough concussive force that the criminal would be on dream street when you get there). It allowed Carol to rocket back to her small Brooklyn apartment.

“Seven minutes….” She observed with snide. Though her moral obligation felt fulfilled, she’d spent far too long dealing with the criminal, and she might pay the price. Carol moved away from the clock, and instead turned towards the hardly-used toilets in the studio. She was charmed by it, but needed to turn it away. She didn’t have the time to remove her red bodysuit, or put it on again, and besides she could always wait till the meeting was finished. Still, Carol pondered, there were mountainous urges inside of her, it must have been days since the last time she had gone.

“It’ll be fine.” Carol made her case. “I’m a goddamn Superhero, I’ll be fine.” She turned away from the toilets, ignoring any urges that existed within her. And instead adjusted her boy-ish hair in the mirror, straightened out her suit and removed any engine-bits that remained, and rocketed away once again, this time to New Jersey, the Avengers Campus.

“It’ll be fine.” She repeated. “I’m a fucking superhero”. But as she would soon find out, no powers could have stopped what came next.

###

New Jersey.

Avengers HQ (V. 2)

A dollop of an orange-red liquid had found itself inspected by multiple eyes, it had a radioactive glisten and smelled like battery acid. Maybe it was battery acid. The display caused Agent Maria Hill to turn away from the liquid. “I think I’ll pass on it.” She admitted as another set of hands poured the remainder of the vial into a convenient shot glass on the table, the oozy orange liquid setting into the cup with ease. The other set of hands belonged to Janet Van Dyne, a tall luscious woman who had hit her prime decades before Maria was born (and still was in it).

“It’s probably not that bad.” Janet gave a winking gesture, shaking the shot glass with a swiveling motion. The liquid had a scientific name that could fill up a book, but was commonly referred to XLCR. “A lot of guys say it works like a charm.”

“A lot of men.” A third voice made herself known, rested on a seat near the small table hosting the strange liquid. She was much younger than Ms. Hill or Mrs. Van Dyne, the Wakandan princess Shuri, who instead of arriving at the meeting dressed in heroic garb, fitted herself with jeans and a hoodie, “Created by men, tested by men. I’ll stick to tea.”

“One drop of this will wake you up faster than all the tea in China.” Janet swirled the shot glass some more before finally swigging it down. It had a horrid taste, acidic and sugary, but Janet put it down without heaving, letting a small smile appear afterwards. “It’s bad though.” She spoke through a grimace. Shuri followed the older lady, pouring down the small vial down her throat with only a pucker.

XLCR was a combat formula created to wake up someone during a long battle, to find energy within themselves that they didn’t even know existed. As the ladies who had populated today's large meeting gathered and socialized almost all of them had turned eventually to formula, most taking swigs from placed vials. Most shared in the displeasure but also recognized how their heart started beating faster, their mind raced slightly better, some of the more physical of the ladies even started acting out with a playful fighting game. Even Maria Hill, straight laced and sure footed, eventually took a swig for herself, figuring that she might as well join in on the fun.

It was all fun. It was also an extreme diuretic.

Which was something that a few of the ladies were starting to feel. For example Janet continued socializing but could feel her bladder begin to swell up, all far much faster than she was used to. Shuri felt the same, but had no time for relief just yet, she was busy socializing. The meeting was an odd occasion, almost every single female hero had been bunched together from all walks, for sure an interesting convention, and for many a chance to catch up with old friends.

It was also the unfortunate matter that the most modern brand of costumes did not allow for such quick relief. Take Janet, who draped a stool in the midst of past acquaintances, she was dressed in an armored, nearly skin-tight suit derived of nano-carbon that can adapt to the use of Pym Particles (which made her shrink, she was the Wasp after all) along with long steel wings folded upon her back. She couldn’t get out of this thing with a team of men, let alone in a stall by herself. From that, most female superheroes have trained their bodies to stop all but the most urgent urges, it’d be rare to find a lady in this room who doesn’t have a story of waiting 24 to 30 hours due to a long battle and an uneasy suit. But this story was different, Janet’s bladder was continuing to fill, as were most of the ladies in the room.

CRRAAACCCCCCKKKKK!!!!!!!

Any conversation ceased, as a sonic boom ringed across the meeting. It was Carol, who gave a knowing smile. She had made good time in the flight but still was fashionably late. “Let’s get started!” Maria’s voice cracked as well, Carol catching that the SHIELD leader was a bit more fidgety than usual, but still maintained some composure as the rest of the ladies journeyed to office seats in the outdoor hub. Carol had feared it would be just a meeting, and her fears had been realized. Maybe she could peace out and take a piss, She felt her bladder extend outwards and collide with the tight red suit she wore, making its presence known constantly but evoking little response.

The chairs around Carol filled as well, to her right a good friend. “Hello Captain.”

“Hello, Scarlet.” Wanda Maximoff smiled back, she was an imposing figure, dressed in all red including some spandex features that were new. She was also imposing in general, if you knew what Wanda was capable of you would run, hide and pray to God you hadn’t pissed her off in some bizarre way. Carol didn’t worry about such nonsense though (that said she wasn’t sure if she was actually old friends with Wanda or if Wanda altered reality to make it so). Wanda had appeared slightly before Carol had, and found herself with one of the glasses of XLCR in her hands, swooshing around the orange liquid.

“What’s that?” Carol was the last in the dark.

“XLCR. An energy drink made for battle. We’re supposed to try it out today.” Technically it hadn’t been approved for consumption, but bored, the women had begun drinking it. Wanda swigged down hers easily before smiling at Carol. “You sure don’t drink it for the taste.” Carol had noticed some of the other ladies had the drink, and felt compelled to get one herself, even though her bladder remained stingy. It isn’t THAT much more liquid, Captain Marvel figured, she stood up and grabbed a glass of the XLCR as well (a dire mistake). Returning to her seat she noticed a woman she didn’t know sitting a few rows ahead, almost out of time with a pencil work-skirt and stockings taking notes on lined papers. The lady came across distressed, her legs were crossed together, peeking over the sides of her shoulders as if needing to make an escape. Guess I’m not the only one who needs to go, Carol smiled to herself, putting off her inflated bladder as well.

Carol had spent many years of her life living alongside the Kree, a race of blue aliens that, without accounting for color, would come across humans: eyes, noses, arms, legs, all marked uncanny resemblance to a human. Their private parts, though, did not; and neither did their bathroom methods. It struck Carol early on that simply ‘taking a piss’ on a Kree planet wasn’t just going to happen, those first few years were marred by endless desperation and brazen searches for relief. Carol luckily chose a more revealing garment in those days, ending above her thigh that could allow her to simply pull the spandex to the side. She didn’t have that opportunity now, but was also trained, those years made her bladder durable and strong, so none of this 24-hour hold nonsense had racked her brain. Little did he know that the XLCR was pumping water so quickly into her bladder that in ten minutes she would hardly be able to walk.

It may have already affected Maria though. “Ladies, I uh…” Maria shifted weight around next to a small podium, hardly able to keep her legs still. I went thirty minutes ago, what’s happening? Maria thought, but not allowing any of this sudden desperation to affect the presentation writ large. “As you might have noticed, there are only women at this uh… meeting. It’s not a coincidence.” Maria adjusted her posture to click forward on a slide deck, the logo A-FORCE taking over the sizable screen behind Agent Hill.

“At SHIELD we…. Uh… .we believe that there are some issues through the galaxy that are best solved through a… oh god… a woman's touch. This is through all walks of life. Humans, Asgardians. Kree… uh… Other… uh… denominations.” For a second Maria almost seized all-together, collapsing inward into some form of a squatting position, clicking her legs together before standing up-right again. Carol could see that she was mortified, and had a good eye to tell that the SHIELD agent was extremely desperate, and getting worse. “Let me… introduce the team.”

“Somethings up with that drink...:” Wanda gave a slight note to Carol’s ear, she had donned a more elaborate dress than usual, with long strands of shining red spandex apparel that folded awkwardly onto the cheap folding chair she laid on. Wanda’s legs were crossed, tapping viciously across her thigh. It was around this point that Carol felt some strains as well, it wasn’t prodding her already full bladder as much as it stinged, breaking her confidence of simply holding until she got home.

On the small stage in front of them, Maria had drifted towards the sides, letting a quartet of “lower members” talk for her, draped in SHIELD garb though a little less precise. Agent May began, she was a taller, mature agent with strong-willed features, though she seemed to be bruised as well by sudden desperation. Still she maintained some control better than the pair of brunettes that stood alongside her (Agent Johnson and Agent Simmons, Carol made out their name tags), both nearly danced on the stage, sharing knowing glances between each other as they attempted some posture.

The fourth was also in SHIELD wear, though had no look of an agent. Carol believed she was Jane Foster, who she only knew from being Thor’s ex-girlfriend, she was petite and small compared to the fighters, but maintained a steady portrait. Ms. Foster had been inducted into SHIELD after her break-up, and had taken a reconnaissance role, if Carol remembered correctly. Out of the entire bunch, she must’ve been the most normal.

It continued like this for a few excruciating minutes around the outdoor area. Each lady's bladder filled quickly and suddenly but none could swallow their pride to actually venture outwards for relief. Some had made strident efforts to hide any form of desperation, two Asgardians poached at the side of the meeting stood forcefully without much more than a lip bite. Valkyrie, a beauty poached in a white jump-suit almost seemed in competition with the other Asgardian, warrior-beauty Lady Sif. Far off she could also spot Natalia Romanoff peeking through, stationed in her usual black jump-suit zipped down just enough to show cleavage, she remained balanced despite her face being much paler than usual. Besides them, everyone else was bursting, and not privately, including Carol-- whose legs were now bent inwards, adjusting in her seat as her bladder began to boil.

There was one last problem to be accounted for to explain how this disaster occurred. Avengers HQ was a leading Marvel, created to be the perfect insulation for superhero activity and experimentation; it was to be the place where superheroes were comfortable. The problem is: it was destroyed by Thanos, and the construction of the new Avengers HQ had only just begun, leaving these ladies perched in an unfinished site, some buildings open but many un-built. And, of course, only one bathroom stall. In the entirety of Avengers HQ, there was only ONE toilet, and many many more desperate girls running out of time.

It took about three more minutes to begin.

Somewhere in between the meeting and the stall was the first lady truly losing control. Shuri, who had been one of the first to drink the strange liquid found herself riled in a desperate haze, ranting and raving as she jogged to the toilet. “Ahh bastard!” The princess curled inwards, her feet bent inside her hand lodged around her crotch, squeezing the denim of the tight jeans she wore. This all felt different, a stinging, encompassing pain and immediate desire to relieve the liquid that was piling up, a desire more intense than any brief encounter with desperation she had experienced prior.

Shuri committed to finding that door, and after some hooks and turns had found what ‘seemed’ to be a toilet, at least it had a decorative sign saying “Ladies” next to it. She smiled and approached the door with another seize, relief closer than ever. But as she reached out to grab the handle, she heard a metallic click from behind the door, it had been locked. “Hey! What the?” Shuri bent over at the locked door, knocking incessantly. She needed to get in NOW. “What’s the deal?”

“I’m sorry.” A muffled voice came from behind the wooden door. “I couldn’t hold it any longer okay?”

“You think I can! Ah--- shit.” Shuri bent forward again, wondering how she was passed. Little did she know that as she made the slow break to the open toilet stall, so did someone else under her feet. Hope Van Dyne had appeared at the meeting with her mother also dressed in her snazzy costume, skin-tight made of hard carbon nano-tubes. Unlike her mother, she arrived desperate, and the pain had only accumulated as the meeting progressed. She broke off, shrinking herself to the size of a wasp so one saw her leave, and as Shuri swooped into the door handle, Hope jogged through the bottom of the door, boosting to full size and locking the door.

It was cruel, but it was necessary. Hope felt like she was about to pop, her bladder stabbing against her stomach. She danced around as she navigated the small bathroom; she would have to remove her tight, unruly costume to get sweet relief, but that would prove difficult in tight corridors filled with boiling piss. At least Hope knew it would take time, time she wasn’t sure she had with the Wakandan princess trying to bang down the door, extremely desperate in her own way. She began immediately, attempting to zipper down the navy suit while squeezing down on her urethra with her left hand.

At the meeting the suffering truly started to begin. Carol stood from her seat, legs crossed out of habit and analyzed the situation as it grew. There was a consistent hum of groans and the exasperated pleas of suddenly desperate girls. Agent Hill had requested silence though, even if her body could not stop itself from dancing. “We’re almost done.. If I can wait, so can all of you.” She could not wait, and Carol could see the panic setting in her eyes. But still no one got up from their seats, at least as much as Carol could see, she spread her legs forward, almost to stretch out the desperation, but it was only growing.

Inside the toilet, the bursting Hope had turned into a manic form, clawing at the zippers, loops and didgeridoos that made it near impossible for her to take off her garment. The toilet, fresh and clean, loomed over her as she bent forward, trying to ignore the incessant pounding on the door. “Can’t you just shrink and piss somewhere else. I can’t wait much longer.” Shuri attempted to problem solve, but Hope was far too gone for a change, she kept pulling at the tough cloth, attempting to maintain any separation. “If you grow, your bladder will get bigger. God just let me in!” Shuri pounded on the door, which Hope ignored out of pride.

“Oh God.” A voice clinged out from the row in front of her. Carol leaned in to see the lady in an old-school pencil skirt and fishnets moaning. She vaguely remembered her to be Peggy Carter, an old agent and fling of Steve Rogers back in the 40’s, brought to modern times through time travel shenanigans Peggy was seemly at most junctures but not right now, as she was at the beck and call of a quickly bursting bladder.

“Agent Carter?” Hill asked like she didn’t know what her status was. Peggy climbed out of the small chair, finding herself twisted and contorted, her hands covering a purse which pushed down on the pencil skirt.

“Ah heavens, I need the ladies room.” She proclaimed, losing any sort of quiet distress. “Where is it?”

“Down the hall, take a right.” Hill responded, many of the other ladies heads rang up as Maria Hill answered a question that they had but were afraid to ask. Almost immediately, many of the meeting stood up and excused themselves, some with a nervous prance trying to maintain any elegance they still had, some making an effort to walk, even if it meant falling behind. Carol was in the ladder category, standing up alongside, noticing a weight shift as her bladder fell downward, giving her a slight jolt of desperate pain.

But whatever speed her dash was going to be, Carol was stopped instead, not only by the crowd of ladies who were heading to the same place, but by poor Peggy, who in a complete desperate haze, fell back behind the crowd of desperate girls, and as Peggy crossed where Carol stood, her bladder gave in-- the first to go. Peggy stopped and seized, Carol standing to see the navy pencil skirt darken slightly, fishnets suddenly dripping piss. Carol’s bladder jolted harder than before as she watched the display, and she bit her lips, forcing herself to ignore her pain and instead care for the lady. Peggy almost wept, standing over the first of many puddles, as Carol, Wanda helped her with the Asgardians, who also stuck behind. “God, I can’t believe that happened…” Peggy admitted, almost shell shocked.

“It’s got to be that drink.” Carol remarked. “It’s not your fault, I think everyones a little desperate right now. Even Asgardians.” Carol turned her eyes to Valkyrie who smirked away, she was the most steady of the bunch, though even her movements were becoming disjointed and erratic. Still, Carol wished she could reciprocate such confidence, completely ignoring how her bladder, full and distended, pushed down on her with a sudden severity. It had also dawned on the Captain that due to this slight moment of help, she fell behind the whole swath of women now heading for the bathroom, if she was going to get there she was going to wait.

Inside the bathroom stall, Hope examined what must have been a new-found rip on her uniform, clawed out through her intense disrobing. She was so close, the top portion off with the carbon nano-tube laced pants still remaining, skin-tight to her quivering legs. She had felt her bladder skyrocket while taking off these clothes, turning from extreme desperation to something of the likes she had never experienced before, her face was red from focus and misery, dancing around, pulling any sort of gizmo to remove the pants. But it wasn’t happening. Hope bent over, adhering to almost a cramping pain on her bladder, crying for help, and the liquid released itself, a forceful surge of piss finding containment through the tight pants. Hope watched with defeated expressions as her reflection showed the pants soak through, making a large puddle on the ground.

Outside the bathroom was another discouraging site. Shuri sat by the door, in a fetal position, puddle surrounding her as well, soaking through the designer jeans she would now need to throw out. She was not defeated as much as pissed off, catching eye at the swarm of ladies who saw her. “What happened?” One of the SHIELD agents asked, once again knowing the answer.

“One toilet… And the bitch took her time.” Some of the ladies went to help Shuri up, even if their still filling bladders made it difficult to muster such a feat. Some ladies ignored the princess, instead turning to finding their respective place in the line for said one toilet. Black Widow had taken the first position, but to the naked eye she seemed less extremely desperate and more slightly annoyed, she stood with a leg crossed over the other, biting the side of her lip. Natalia had never taken a “Bladder Training” course at the Kremlin, but years of experience on the field gave her talent in this strange field, and a pain tolerance that exceeded most of the other ladies around her.

One particularly desperate woman took second place in the line. Agent Daisy Johnson looked absolutely desperate, shaking her legs back and forth almost like a stationary jog, sometimes squeezing at the tight leather pants she found herself in. Agent Johnson was rather casual for a SHIELD agent, with a carefree attitude and slight ego for her position, but those pieces were being destroyed by her at the moment. Johnson could also cause vibrations in objects that surrounded her, these seismic pulses gave her the alias Quake, though she didn’t need her powers to vibrate under the strain of her full bladder, even if her face refused to show her own panic. Daisy turned her head over shoulders to the other SHIELD agent behind her, spastic field Agent Jemma Simmons, whose British customs and charms should have clashed with the vibrating girl, but they had maintained a nice friendship. “You alright?” Johnson asked her colleague.

“Uh… Fine as I’ll ever be.” Jemma shook her body around, forcing a smile.

“Yeah… What the Hell do you think is going on?” Jemma would have a better idea, Daisy reckoned, given she was far more of a tech geek than herself.

“I don’t know… Something in that drink must have made our kidneys go into overdrive…. I’ve never felt anything like this before.” There was a tinge of fear in Jemma’s voice which made Agent Johnson cackle, it couldn’t possibly get that bad, she reasoned to herself. As she chuckled Agent Johnson turned back towards the bathroom door, and the face of the Black Widow staring down at her with empathy in her eyes.

Both members of SHIELD but at different levels of the organization, Agent Johnson had worked with and developed a nice camaraderie with Nat, and now Nat took pity on the agent and her friend. “You can go ahead of me.” She said with a smile, a moment of selfless care that was sure to be noticed by the ladies that stood behind her. Natalia traded places, though even in that slight conversation she felt her bladder pains gain considerably, was that a mistake? She thought to herself without an expression on her face.

Behind the sudden crowd, Carol and Wanda strided down the hall, recognizing that they had lost any chance of an immediate piss at least. Wanda moaned, she could reality itself but couldn’t do anything about her small bladder (or could she?) Carol felt the disappointment and shock as well, her legs were jagged straight, hips crooked leaning against an arm, not a desperate display but one that could not remain steady. The ladies and red turned to each other, both recognizing their growing extreme desperation.

“Do you have any ideas?” Carol asked. Wanda was doing a potty dance like a child, a 1-2 step while bent forward. “Maybe some magic?”

“Don’t ask me to do magic now, I’m about to piss my pants!” Wanda complained.

“Well we gotta do something…” Carol gave a worrying glance, she started to feel reminded of long Kree stake-outs, trapped in skin-tight military wear that was designed for the Kree, and not for a human girl with human needs. If her bladder was growing so fast, how much longer would it be till she reaches a desperation beyond she has ever felt before? Wanda must be already at that point. Watching her friend suffer, an idea came to the Captain. “What if you just create another bathroom?”

“Another bathroom, where?”

“No… You… eugh… You bend reality! Create a bathroom so we can go!”

“Oh… I can try.” Red sparks began to exude from the newly focused Scarlet Witch. Beyond her gasps and desperate heaves she began constructing something. Beyond her, Valkyrie and Lady Sif approached, even in the few seconds that had elapsed from their separation, the Asgardians were suddenly much more under the influence of their inflated bladders. Valkyrie walked slowly, thighs slightly bent forward, still no holding.

“Is there anywhere else we can go? I’m afraid this predicament is only getting worse?” Carol looked over to Wanda, bending reality through her own desperation, and to the ladies right, a door had started to appear from out of nowhere. The door said “Ladies” on the front.

As the strong-bladdered girls found their own relief, Hope continued to stand behind the door, not realizing the immense group of dying girls behind the steel door. Hope attempted to manage her slight guilt and embarrassment, not realizing that every second she waited, all the other ladies suffered even greater. And after thirty more seconds, a breaking point was met.

“Oh… oh no.” Near the end of the line a voice cried out. It was Maria Hill. After the grueling presentation, she had found herself far away from the crowd as they congregated to the single toilet stall. She also was the first woman to drink the XLCR, and after a short but painful fight, she had finally gone too far. Maria bent forward, seeing the group of ladies turn their heads to the moans, their attentions given just in time for an incredible deluge of piss to escape out of her and slide down her skin-tight leather pants. Agent Hill attempted to back up, to stop the stream any way she could, but it would not bulge, her muscles tired, refusing to strengthen back up again. Maria looked up as the stream weakened, she had pissed her pants, but no mind was given, instead eyes were already turned to someone else.

The accident had caused a chain reaction. Janet Van Dyne was the second to drink the strange liquid, and now nearly fell over from the spurts of liquid that rained down inside of her. Without much thought, it broke through, expelling waters that poured down the legs of her nano-tubed suit. Janet moaned, attempting to place back on her helmet so she could shrink down to lose the shame, but it refused to work, instead Janet let go of her entire bladder as well.

These two accidents occurred almost simultaneously, and for the Black Widow it was almost too much, she felt her own bladder sticking through and colliding with her tight leather suit. She bounced around, creating distance and practically losing her place in line. The accidents also troubled the other SHIELD agents, Agent May gave a wacky dance, pushing any way she could through her tight pants to provide support, Agent Foster had fallen into a form of a squat position, knees colliding together constantly as she whimpered to herself, her eyes pried open, almost twitching. All of them were feeling desperation beyond any they had felt before.

That applied for the Asgardians as well. Lady Sif and Valkyrie backed up from Wanda’s magical display, finding a secluded corner of the room. They did not know each other very well, but were able to chide together in these shockingly desperate moments. Asgardians were superior in many ways, and bladders were usually one of those ways. Descended from generations of drunkards and feasters, Asgardians bladders were practically made of titanium, but that had only made the current desperate bout more unusual and extreme. Valkyrie used to be a drunkard to, and would make weeks long treks without a piss. Lady Sif could hold it for months.

And yet, they looked at each other, both feeling their bladders swell to degrees they had never imagined before. “You’ll be fine.” Lady Sif reminded Valkyrie in her calming voice. Both ladies were fierce foes on the battlefields, great warriors beyond the comprehension of almost any human, but they were facing a shared opponent that struck down on one weakness they didn’t even know they had. Lady Sif couldn’t fight her way out of a full bladder, though she wished she could try, instead she tugged on the seams of her brown leather pants.

She was one of the lucky ones who had found herself in actual pants instead of a one-piece suit, and had worked up the energy to put it into use. Lady Sif distanced herself from Valkyrie, who watched the warrior walk away into the near open field, averting from any other watching eye, and pull down her tight pants over a small bush. Lady Sif squatted into the plant, Valkyrie caught an incredible stream of piss coming from between her legs which only made her more desperate than ever, cursing the tight suit she had donned. Valkyrie felt some warmth spread between her legs, but squirmed it shut as she turned to the other remaining desperate girls and away from her relieving friend.

It was around this point that desperation was no longer a good word to describe what these super-powered ladies were dealing with, it was more fitting to describe it as a body-breaking experience, their bladders reaching fullness that couldn’t possibly be healthy, the rims of their bladders stretching out, sending painful messages throughout the body. Black Widow shivered, clutching the lone zipper on her jumpsuit which had slowly rid down as the desperation commenced, constantly sliding her covered legs against each other. Nat still placed herself second in the line, surrounded by four beyond desperate SHIELD agents all fighting their soaring bladders in their own ways. The agent one behind caught her eye the most, Agent Jemma Simmons, who was a spastic, almost adorable agent mumbling to herself in a high pitched British accent.

“Oh Goodness me… Oh goodness me” Simmons had been energetic and twee in her attempts to hold her full bladder earlier in this voyage, but now was resigned to a stationary position in the line, knees buckled, arms crossed in front of her thighs, head down in an exasperated state of misery. Like the other SHIELD agents, Simmons was dressed in the tight navy battle wear though she seemed almost out of place in such an extreme costume, it’s tightness certainly doing a number on her overfilled bladder. Nat could also see that around her crotch, the navy was dyed just slightly darker than usual, little spurts must have been creeping out of her body and sliding down her tight pants leg. Nat could feel her own bladder wage a war, but also could tell that the agent would need it far more than she did.

“Agent Simmons?” Black Widow called out, breaking the spell of the Brit, who looked up to the red-head. “You can go ahead of me if you want.”

“Oh! No, no, certainly not. You shouldn’t.” Manners pushed through even at this point of complete desperate panic. Nat smiled, she didn’t dish out help usually so she hardly had time for someone rejecting it.

“Don’t worry about it. It’s not a big deal.” Nat slid behind Simmons as the agent awkwardly shuffled her sore desperate body a few steps closer in the line, a smile seen on her face from the good deed. Nat also felt some warmth in her heart, but that might also be coming from her raging bladder, she crossed her legs over and bit her lips almost deep enough to draw blood, but she didn’t move an inch in the line-- she was going to wait. It was also at this point that finally a miracle struck. Hope, who had taken far too long to put on her sprawling suit through tears, finally creeped out the bottom of the door, not stepping through it but turning the lock, causing a swiveling click. Agent Johnson recognized the click, and stuck her ear to the door.

“Hello?” She cried out, hearing nothing back. Johnson looked down, unable to hear a peep front the other end and with a bounce she gave up the show. “Screw it” Daisy opened the bathroom door to find it completely empty, stopping in her tracks for a second before darting to the toilet, Nat could see her struggle with the tight pants as the door swiveled shut, allowing the desperate line to move one step closer, Simmons now standing at the door, butt sticking out as she bent over, rotated and jagged in position. Inside the single bathroom stall, Daisy made quick work of the brutal pants, stripping them off with only one or two spurts of piss exiting out before she collapsed onto the toilet seat, pissing partially through her ruined black panties, eventually sliding them to the side as she gave a moan of relief. The piss jetted out as quick as she could, not wanting to let her other agents suffer any longer.

It wasn’t fast enough though, as the bubbling piss inside all the ladies continued to rise, including inside Nat, who froze, not wanting to appear with a dance or a jig, sliding eyes together at the other girls alongside her, trying to hide the fear from her face. Her eyes carried over to Agent Foster, she was by far the most normal of the entire bunch, a slight scientist, extremely short and petite for a SHIELD agent, and the expression on her face told the same story. She was mortified, squatting over in the thigh SHIELD outfit rocking back and forth on her toes. Jane had enjoyed the display a few minutes ago, never seeing so many heroic ladies so incredibly desperate before, but now was as miserable as anyone, she looked up to Nat with tears in her eyes, she didn’t want to have an accident too.

“You can go ahead of me.” Nat gave her permission as well, moving her back to third in the line. Her body was screaming at the choice, her insides were croaking but she knew they needed it more than she did. It wasn’t as simple as with Simmons though, because as Jane crossed over in line next to Nat she also crumpled a bit, and before Nat could turn her head Jane had begun to piss her pants.

“Ahh!!” Jane panicked, bent downwards and pushing all of her force onto her urethra, she stretched like a rubber band, somehow managing to control the unbelievable amount of force that belied inside of her, giving a loud moan. “Oh my God… Oh my God, I’m going to pop!” Jane yelled through tears. Jemma watched her fellow agent scream in agony, but attempted to ignore it, she was so incredibly desperate and could make a theatrical display of it too, and she was right there, listening to Agent Johnson wash her hands. Nat did not miss her though, and called out to the bouncy SHIELD agent.

“Agent Simmons, let Ms. Foster, go ahead of you.” Jemma turned her head, about to launch a tirade of desperate pleas.

“But…”

“Let her go.” Jemma nodded, and she backed away from the top spot, allowing the smaller Foster to bounce into the toilet stall once Johnson got out. Foster wasted no time at all, knowing she couldn’t wait to take off the tight pants, instead she simply sat on the toilet and piss directly into the pants itself, some falling into the toilet stall but most riding the thick leather down through the pants and around her feet. Jane panicked on the stall and before she knew it was standing up, pissing all over the grounds of the single toilet. Mortified, Jane pondered whether to open up the now ruined toilet stall with piss sloshing all throughout the ground, or save face and clean it. She knew how desperate the ladies were, and yet she just needed to save her Pride just a little bit more. Jane pulled every roll of toilet paper she could from under the sink and began to blop the incredible puddle of piss.

Down the hallway, Captain Marvel waited with baited breath as the final pieces of the assembled bathroom came together, Scarlet Witch bending reality itself so they could have a place where they could pee. Valkyrie had joined them, with Lady Sif opting to piss in the grass instead of wait for its completion. The warrior Asgardian had rejoined Valkyrie with a relieved smile. “Why did you do that? To mock me?” Valkyrie shifted weight on her legs as she looked over to her non-desperate friend.

“Please, I was desperate.” Lady Sif smiled back, taking some unique pleasure from seeing Valkyrie struggle. Valkyrie was at one point a drunkard, but could even go months of drinking before needing to step food into a toilet stall. She worried for the toilet she would ruin with what had to be an imperceptible amount of piss, Lady Sif’s squat had basically turned a flower-bed into a lake. Valkyrie crossed her legs together, catching eye of Carol Danvers, who was similarly waiting patiently but desperately, refusing to be anything but composed, her bladder so large, indenting her blue-and-red jumpsuit that she almost looked pregnant.

“Agh!!” Wanda gave a shrivelled cry as the red flashes and particles suddenly ceased, the bathroom had been finished just in time for the ladies to rush into it, but it wasn’t done fast enough for Wanda. Finished, Wanda fell to her knees, moaning as piss flooded around her and out of her tight spandex red suit, she cried as the piss, almost endless shot out. Carol twitched over, helping out her now wet friend, ignoring the piss that surrounded her, even touching her boots. She was the only one to help, selfishly, Valkyrie jetted ahead, pushing onto the newly entrenched in reality bathroom, pulling on the door only for it to budge. She danced around pulling on the tight door,

“It’s Stuck!” Valkyrie cried, piss nearly coming out of her eyes. Carol ignored the Asgardian's pleas, still caring for Wanda (somehow piss still coming out of her frail body). With no choice, Valkyrie pulled at the hinges of the door at full strength. She ripped the door cleanly away, throwing it to the side before rushing in. But before Valkyrie could undress and finally relieve herself, she stopped in horror, witnessing the problem she created, the toilet was in complete sight of the now non-existent door, anyone looking that way would see her piss. Valkyrie squealed, she had no desire for letting the world see her desperation, but she also felt the pain of a million full bladders inside of her.

She made a judgement call, she ripped off her white jumpsuit within eye-short of Carol and Wanda, revealing what lies beneath, a perplexingly beautiful naked body, fit and muscular with large breasts who had been aching to get out. Valkyrie knew that Captain Marvel could see her, but she could no longer refuse the call of nature, and she sat down on the toilet, naked beyond her jumpsuit still covering the bottom of her legs, falling to the ground. She released a massive stream of piss down the newly created toilet, stopping any moans that arrived from the near orgasmic experience, contorting her body to prevent any signs of nudity to be shown from her deeply nude body.

Carol heard the jet stream of piss and looked up, every movement starting to push down on her incredibly full bladder. She saw Valkyrie relieve herself through the doorway, her cheeks went red as she observed the situation. “What did you do!?” Carol turned her head to the removed door.

“I’m sorry!” Valkyrie responded, also red in the face. “I couldn’t wait.” Carol danced around as she saw the scene. She couldn’t pee like that, she didn’t have the guts to. Carol now knew that the only place she was going to pee was the sole bathroom down the hall, but she knew there’d still be a line. She bent over, pushing down on her strained urethra. I can fucking hold it, I’m a god damn superhero. Carol repeated in her mind as she boosted over to the other toilet, clutching down on her body with one hand not to wet herself while in flight. As she expected, there were still three people in line, two SHIELD agents and Black Widow, without drawing attention she slid into the fourth spot, holding herself at all cost.

“Why’d you make me do that!?” Simmons anxiously moaned at Nat, who was starting to match the SHIELD agents position, bent over, legs crossed. “I’m going to bloody explode!” Simmons was losing her temper and her piss as well, leaned against a nearby wall, pushing down as hard as I can.

“You can hold it longer than she can, that’s why.” Nat attempted to justify, but it didn’t change the fact that every person that went before them only made it more likely that the remaining girls were bound to piss their pants. Nat really didn’t want that to happen, she couldn’t imagine letting go in front of all these people. As the desperation had persisted, many of the relieved girls had taken a station near the toilet, chatting some form of empathy about this collective moment of extreme desperation. Nat couldn’t imagine pissing in front of all of them, but every ticking second made it more likely, she shifted her weight to find a comfort that didn’t exist.

Agent Simmons was also on edge for a reason, never in her life had she needed to pee this bad, and now she felt like a delirious school child, potty dancing in front of her teachers. People like Black Widow and Captain Marvel were a higher tier in the grand superhero establishment, and today was supposed to be the day where she proved her worth to them. Instead she was now being lectured by Black Widow about how to hold her pee longer. Her cheeks were permanently spotted red with shame as she waited for Jane to open the door. God could she take any longer. If I don’t get a wee soon then…

“Eugh!!” Agent May, who now stood in between Nat and Carol gave a cry that broke Jemma’s train of thought. She had held it quiet and diligently, but it simply was for far too long, as the SHIELD agent backed almost sprinted away from the line, as she hustled out piss lined the ground from where she ran down the hallway. Agent May somehow composed herself to search for toilets and she scanned the halls as pissed continued to drive out of her, all before spotting the door for a ladies room laying on the side of the hall. She slid in only to see Valkyrie, still sitting and pissing, some of the piss starting to exit out of the toilet bowl. Defeated, Agent May let go of what remained in the doorway Valkyrie gave a dastardly smile, piss finally starting to sputter out of her urethra.

It was another accident, and it seemed to have finally been the one that pushed the final three ladies over the edge to another level. Carol stepped back and started to dance rapidly, piss beginning to spurt out any opportunity it got like a leaking bucket, she felt the maligned panties she was wearing underneath the suit start to dampen. Nat wore nothing under her suit, so she only felt the spurts that overtook her body roll down her leg. And Simmons could no longer hold it, she sputtered, still bent over, periodically losing piss, wetting down her pants as she tried to get it to stop. Her attempts were only so successful, some seconds she’d have it under control, some seconds her bladder would cramp hard and she would lose some more piss. “Ahh! I can’t hold it.”

Simmons pretzelled harder than she had ever done before. Her bladder felt like a cramping muscle, forcing the body to release some of the pent up liquid before it ripped and spilled all throughout her body. The only thing stopping her from an accident was what remained of her tattered pride. She needed help, fast. Luckily for Jemma, Nat was already in a selfless mood, the also desperate Russian stepped forward to Simmons and knowingly, reached down to around the fly of Simmons’ tight navy pants, she pushed upon the pants, spurring extra pressure on the poor SHIELD agents body.

Sweat beaded down both girls as Jemma, assisted, somehow managed to regain some control, still shaking but with the added pressure she no longer felt piss escape out of her urethra. She gave a loving smile to Black Widow, not bad for a first impression. It took until then for Jane Foster to swing the door open, cleaned up and ready to allow the next person in. That was Jemma who distanced herself from Nat as she rushed into the toilet, pulling down the tight pants and luckily getting to sit on the porcelain throne, and letting another massive stream of piss.

Carol had watched this event unfold only boosting her overflowing bladder. She seized and crouched and danced and folded up but nothing was working, nothing was helping her poor full bladder. Carol remembered those brutal endless Kree missions, how she would return home after days of travel, rip off her suit and lay in a gusher of piss into whatever receptacle she could reach first, her eyes bubbling with pleasure as she watched the stream appear. Carol so desperately wished to pee, and now she was as close as ever.

She had watched the display between Simmons and Nat, not just Nat helping the SHIELD agent hold but also watched the body of Nat as she focused. Almost no one else noticed but as she held Jemma, piss had escaped out of Nat’s one-piece, fully wetting herself without anyone knowing (perks of wearing a black suit). No longer desperate, Nat slinked away in her wet one-piece leaving Carol as the last lady with a full bladder

They were watching her too.

Carol gingerly approached the door where she could hear uproarious sighs of relief coming from on the toilet, piss still coming out. She squeezed together turning backwards and sighing. She was a military girl, hard pressed and badass, surely she couldn’t wet herself like the others in front of this crowd. Carol bounced up and down, trying to wait patiently as her bladder waged war inside her body, she was near tears, looking down she saw her stomach was all distended outwards, so much piss being held back by her body. She struggled, but inside the toilet the toilet flushed, and Carol perked up, she was so close to sweet relief.

But then something caught her eye from down the hall, a blue-ish speck drew nearer and nearer until. Suddenly a robotic form flew around the ladies and fell to the ground, a custom designed Iron-Man suit for a woman. It was Pepper Potts, who seemed worse for wear inside the suit. The ladies gathered around the suit which had fallen to the ground as Pepper Potts climbed out of it. The ladies gasped as she crawled out.

“Something’s… Wrong…. Can’t Go… In Suit.” Pepper fell to her back, revealing an incredible mound around her stomach. She almost looked late-term pregnant, but it wasn’t a child, it was piss. Outside the suit, Pepper, dressed in athletic clothes, spurted out an incredible stream of piss, immediately deflating that beyond human-ability bladder size. Pepper must have taken the XLCR before fighting foes, she might have had to wait hours before finally relieving herself with a bladder that big. It was beyond words, and for Carol, the straw that broke the camel's back.

“AHH NO!!!” Carol screamed as she backed up, her body thrusting itself slightly into the air as she felt the abominable amount of pressure under her crotch give him. Floating above the bathroom door, she delivered a matching stream, falling through her jumpsuit and clashing at the piss-soaked floors like raindrops. Carol twitched, watching piss surround all over her, the day of waiting and the XLCR created an impeccable amount of piss, refusing to end despite seeing the mass of ladies looking up to her.

Carol was so embarrassed she could die, as she slowly fell back to earth, clutching downwards in a fetal position in the massive puddle of her own piss, almost sobbing. “I’m… I can’ believe I did that… I’m so sorry.” Not all stories had sad endings though, Agent Simmons pushed the door open completely relieved, sighing, watching the incredible scene, her boots wading through an inch of piss on the ground. “Well, This has never happened before.” She jokingly spoke as she saw the mind-boggling scene.

“You can say that again!” Agent Hill said garnering an empathetic laugh. “So…. No one has to know about this right?” Hill continued garnering laughs and nods from all corners of the now relieved girls. Shuri was right about the XLCR, it was not tested on ladies, and when tests took place afterwards it was found to be a diuretic with a potency they had never seen before, the project was shelved. As for the day itself, the ladies decided that as long as no one told anyone else about it, such an event could be forgotten. And so it was, the ladies banded together so no man ever heard about the time that almost all of them lost control of their bladders in one ten minute period. And when it was all said and done, Agent Hill made it priority number one that there were much much much much more bathrooms installed on the new Avengers HQ, despite being confused how two existed when only one was built previously.

As for Carol, piss drenched and miserable, she returned home back to her apartment in New York City, before disrobing out of the jumpsuit and placing it in her laundry. She looked in the mirror, her bladder was deflated but it still seemed swollen and sensitive after the long day, her kidneys hurting from all the holding as well. Carol decided to take it easy for a few days, and that from now on, no more long holds. Still though, staring at the mirror, she was reminded of those Kree days, and how she felt so… alive after relief, and how it made her feel so strange and…. Hot. Carol smiled into the mirror with a devilish grin.

“Maybe a few more long holds… For old times sake.” She smiled as she jumped into the shower. “Why not? I’m a goddamn superhero.”

The End.

*004*2020-08-03 05:16

{{On 8/1/2020 at 6:23 AM, acer913 said:

Loved this. I would also love to hear Pepper's ordeal. Was it something in the suit physically plugging her?

}}

Yes.

$$

*010*2020-09-12 21:49

{{On 9/7/2020 at 10:52 PM, Foxlover said:

Just stopping here to say I just realized “XLCR” is letterhand for “Excelcior”, Stan Lee’s signature catchphrase

}}

