Blooper's Random Stories - Page 2

Author: blooper

*029*2017-08-15 16:20

(This is a short piece, but one I wanted to finish a long time ago. Robin was my character in a dnd game with some other members of this site, and he ended up falling for Moira Battleheart, one of the npcs who started as an enemy and ended an important ally. That campaign may be over but it was an amazing game and deserves some fiction. I am not particularly content in the characterization but I am not really ever happy with my character writing.)

Too Long In Coming

Moira Battleheart surveyed the elven encampment below her. Pushing a lock of her long red hair out of the way, she considered a plan of attack. They were outnumbered, as usual. But the elves, for all their vaunted superiority, didn’t have a good watch set. Right now, a dozen of them were out raiding a village, right into the arms of the rest of her forces. But there were still two dozen here, and she only had six accompanying her. She missed Robin, the giant barbarian who always seemed to come to her aid when she was in trouble. She missed one of her better agents, the swordsmaster with a penchant for going around naked, but she had sent her after Robin to make sure he was safe as he went straight behind enemy lines. They had been gone a long time, but they had to be alright, they had to be.

Focus! She scolded herself. With the watch only two elves watching separate fields of view, there were gaps they could exploit. Most of the other elves were sitting down or chatting quietly. It was dusk, and while elves didn’t sleep they still tranced, which was still useful for leaving them vulnerable. Slipping away from her scouting position, the short warrior woman returned to the rest of her squad. “Follow me. We strike hard and fast, and we get out.” She told them, then drew her rapier and circled around the camp as stealthily as possible.

The rebels turned defenders of the realm slipped into the elven camp with ease. Quickly, quietly, they split up. Moira vanished inside a tent, spying three meditating elves, and slew each with a decisive strike of her rapier before they could act. As she exited, she could see more and more elves she had spotted from above dropping, her troops doing efficient work. Quietly moving forward, she entered the command tent, and spotted only the enemy commander. Stepping up behind her, she pressed the tip of her rapier to the elf woman’s neck, rousing her from her trance. “Are there any other groups in this area? She asked, prodding with the rapier.

The elf woman’s eyes were wide with terror as she awoke to a sword to her neck. The first sound she made was a whimper, followed by a release of pee and poo. Her tight pants were completely soaked, and the back expanded beneath her as she fearfully released a load into them. Moira wrinkled her nose, but said nothing, prodding again with the rapier. “No, there’s no one else in the arena! The rest of them headed north!” the elven woman gasped out, voice full of terror. Moira had no way to determine if it was true, so that was as good as she would get. Her sword stabbed out, and the elven woman fell dead.

Stepping out of the tent and starting forward, Moira was caught by surprise as an elven arrow narrowly missed her head. She let out a small squeak of fear, and a considerable spurt of pee dampened her light blue panties. Cursing, she dived behind cover, eyes scanning for the archer. She couldn’t spot it. Crouching in cover, the redhead peered around nervously. She didn’t know if the archer was moving to get a perfect shot on her, or where they were firing from, or…her muscles were tensed in anticipation of another shot, but nervousness and lingering fear got to her. She could feel a fresh wave of warmth soak her panties as she fully pissed herself, hiding from wherever that damned archer was. Golden liquid stained her thighs and puddled beneath her, avoiding any damage to her skirt. She wished Robin was waiting for her back at base, he would love to peel off her skirt to find hidden wet panties beneath.

A short while later, she heard an elven scream and a call of “That’s the last of them.” Stepping quickly back inside the comamnder’s tent, she wiped her legs off with the fallen commander’s shirt and then gathered all the documents in the tent. Satisfied they were done here, she headed out to meet with the others. The squad made the long trek back to their camp, meeting up with the others along the way. Both had been successful, the group of elves fully annihilated. Another good days work keeping the invaders put down. Moira noticed a few of the women who had gone to ambush the others had soaked pants, but all she gave was a telling glare to do better. They might not see her wet panties but she couldn’t be too hypocritical. Speaking of which…she needed to pee again. But once they entered the base, there was already a line forming at the chamber pots. She didn’t want to try and force her way through that. So she headed back to her room instead.

Desperate now, she locked the door and looked around. Her panties were already wet…she could just go through those. But no, she wouldn’t willingly wet herself like a child. Her eyes settled on a vase, now empty. Robin had brought it last time, full of flowers. But they had been gone long enough for those flowers to wilt and die, and she had done nothing with the vase. Carefully lowering her panties, she picked up the vase from her bedside table, lowering it and crouching above. It was a gift from Robin but…she was sure he didn’t mind if she used it like this. He never minded getting her covered in pee, and he valued her more than some vase.

Leaning over and aiming as best she could, she released a test spurt, narrowly missing the vase. A few more and she was on target. More importantly, her bladder wasn’t having any more of this holding thing, and she started releasing full force. Luckily, she was lined up, and most of it went into the vase. With a moan of relief, she emptied herself into the vase, hoping nobody would try and enter the room behind her. She wouldn’t be able to hide or stop. After a bit, she was empty, and the vase was mostly full of pee. Drying herself off with the still clean back of her soaked panties, she rose, carefully setting the vase back in its original position and got ready for bed. Going in the vase like that had been a bit exhilarating, and her cheeks were slightly flushed as she donned a pair of white underwear and a matching white nightgown.

The next morning, Moira rose with a yawn. She looked around the room, her bladder once again full from the night’s rest. But there was nothing else to go in…her thoughts were suddenly distracted by the sounds of fighting outside. Grabbing her rapier from its position leaning against her nightstand, she didn’t even get the chance to get up before the door to the room burst open, the lock proving no hindrance. An elven mage and a trio of elven warriors entered the room, one of the warriors holding her blade to the neck of one of Moira’s lieutenants. The poor woman was in tears, her pants soaked and the smell of a worse accident surrounding her. “Put that rapier down and don’t even think about resisting, if you care about your soldier’s lives.” The mage told her.

Reluctantly, Moira set her rapier down. There wasn’t much she could do quite yet… her bladder pulsed angrily, but she held it down. Now was not the time to be afraid, her people were in trouble. One of the soldiers walked over to her, pressing his own blade to Moira’s neck, but the redhead didn’t even flinch. As he led her over to the others, Moira sprang into action.

Diving forward she freed herself from the sword’s tip, hand drawing the hidden dagger from beneath her nightgown and landing it in the eye of the man holding her friend. The elf staggered back, and she came up easily, pushing the messy woman out of the way of the fighting and ripping her dagger free with one clean move. It stabbed in again, this time into the elf warrior’s chest, and she caught his falling sword with her other hand, spinning and impaling the second elven warrior who was charging after her. Both weapons down, she went for the second warrior’s falling weapon but suddenly a powerful blast of force slammed into her stomach from the mage. She went flying backwards, slamming into the wall and falling in a heap.

Much to her dismay, the powerful impact knocked her bladder loose and pee came spilling out of her, soaking her white panties and thin nightdress. Before she could rise, the third warrior was on her, sword at her neck once again. Looking for a way out, her eyes settled on the mage as she finished casting, and suddenly magic fell over her. She might have pushed through normal fear with no problems, but no amount of bravery helped against magical fear. She whimpered, her worst nightmares assaulting her, and the elven mage smirked as Moira’s bottom rose up a bit as she deposited a messy load into her white panties.

As the fear faded from her body, Moira was fuming. Resorting to cheap magical tricks for this…reaching out, she slapped the sword aside faster than the smirking elf warrior could react, pushing to her feet and slamming him in the gut. She punched him several more time, and he fell to the ground in an unconscious heap. Her anger somewhat satisfied, the redhead stalked towards the mage. Another spell went off, but this time she ignored it, anger clouding her mind from whatever enchantment the mage cast. The mage went quickly into retreat, trails of piss running down her legs as she turned and ran for the door.

Suddenly, however, a massive form loomed in the way, and the elven mage fell back with a cry. Her shuddering form helplessly messed her skirt, and a moment later an axe flashed out, silencing her whimpers. Robin stepped inside, pushing the door closed and tossing his bloody axe aside just in time for Moira to jump onto him with a cry of joy. She could see a trail of bodies before he closed the door, and there were no more sounds of fighting from outside. “I’m so glad your safe…” he told her, easily catching her and holding her against him. She didn’t say anything, but pushed herself up on his shoulders and kissed him.

*030*2017-08-23 09:48

Fight or Flight

(Well, I haven't had much time for rp stuff but I do have phone, so managerd to finish up one of my limbo stories. I’ve been playing(or had been when I wrote the start of this) way too much Eternal, a great card game on steam/phones. It’s pretty fantastic, and the lore is sparse, so I’m writing some of my own. All of these characters are cards in the game, bonus points if you can guess which ones. If anybody plays, I’m Blooper2907 on there, I’d be up for matches.)

Katelyn woke up to the sound of war-horns. Brushing her red hair out of her eyes, she glanced downwards. Sure enough, the bulky white nighttime diaper was soaked. It was to be expected at this point, really. She hadn’t gone a night without wetting the bed for months. At least no one knew. Carefully rising, she winced as the full diaper leaked a bit down her leg, cold liquid trickling down her leg. The shock of the coldness on her leg made her gasp, and what had accumulated in her bladder after wetting the bed sprayed out, gushing down her legs as the diaper couldn’t contain it. She must have wet the bed more than once. It was a depressing thought. At least the fresh warmth felt a bit better than the sticky, cold liquid.

Entering her small personal bathroom, Katelyn stripped out of her soiled diaper and trashed it, then stepped into the shower. The shapely redhead happily scrubbed herself clean, stepping out of the shower a short while later. Getting dressed was a bit of an ordeal. First, she put on a new diaper, this one fairly bulky and very absorbent. Next, she donned a slightly odd bra and a bulky chestplate. The thing pressed her decent sized breasts down hard, concealing them. Then, she donned a heavier set of green robes with gold trim, and finally the golden mask of an Unseen.

Quickly checking both of the power sources on her chest, above where her breasts were uncomfortably restrained, she determined everything was in order. Exiting the bathroom and picking up a long, golden staff with glowing blue eyes and its own power source, she stepped out onto her balcony. The getup was annoying, especially the breastplate, but she had to be a faceless, genderless, fearless commander. She wasn’t Katelyn, the girl who couldn’t keep a bed dry to save her life. She was Kothon the Far Watcher, the most powerful Unseen in the Hooru Army and leader of one of Roland’s most elite squads. And certainly not someone unable to control their bladder. With a wave of her staff, a massive owl swooped down. Gracefully leaping atop it, Kothon soared away towards the main base to meet with the rest of her squad.

A short while later, she landed. Easily sliding off her mount, the owl perched obediently next to her, head scanning the area. She turned to the three women waiting there, glancing over each in turn. First was Gaia. One of Rolant’s mightiest Valkyries, she stood over eight feet tall, wearing a long dark green cloak covering tight black pants and a heavy metal breastplate, though unlike Kothon’s her plate did a poor job of hiding her considerable breasts. She wore gold plated power armor to complement it, though not a full suit, simply pieces. Gold shoulder-guards and gauntlets to increase her strength, golden kneepads and boots to increase her agility and flight capabilities, and a golden helm with glowing green eyes that enhanced her vision and perception, along with a bit of extra ornate horns, marking her as a member of Kothon’s squad.

Once again unlike Kothon’s her helm did not hide her red hair, the Valkyrie letting it flow freely behind her. In one hand she carried a massive sword, glowing with magical runes, and in the other she wielded and even more enormous hammer, too large for any single man to wield, much less in one hand. “Commander, Icaria’s rebels are on the move. We are to lead the charge against her mightiest units.” Her voice was gruff and strong. The Valkyrie had little time for hesitance or cowardice, even in conversation.

Next was Emeria. A shorter woman dressed in the tight black fitting suit of a normal unseen. She was quite attractive, and the suit hid little Kothon noted, and she knew the woman hid dark blue hair beneath her golden mask. She was the squad’s defensive expert, their shelterwing. Beside her, a massive white owl, sized more like a plane than even an oversized bird, perched. Its feathers were unnatural, and it was designed to serve as a giant moving piece of cover for the squad while Emeria protected it from serious harm with her wards. Not that a whole lot could harm the enormous, unnaturally tough owl. The owl itself wore the gold owl mask as well, creating an odd image.

Finally, there was Rachel. Her long black hair was done up in two massive braids that stretched nearly to the gound, and blue ribbons were interwoven through them and around her body. She wore tight leather, a brown shirt and black pants, along with a pale cloak the color of desert sands. Her ribbons, braids, and cloak all flowed with the constant wind around her. She was their windshaper, a powerful air magician that helped them dominate the skies and make sure they could fly no matter the terrain and weather.

After taking a moment to examine her squad, Kothon calmly replied. “Then we shall do as Rolant orders. Emeria, the rebels are well known for hellfire rifle fire and blasts of flame as support. Be on the lookout. Rachel, they will have enemy valkryies. Make sure they have a lot more trouble than us. Gaia, the same as usual. Cut down the strong ones. I’ll clear the lessers. With that, she stepped forward, holding out her staff. All three girls nodded at their orders, then stepped forward, each laying a hand on the staff. It crackled with energy, and Kothon’s blessing flowed into all three of them.

The hardened squad gave one another a knowing smile, then took off, Rachel and Gaia simply rising from the ground, Kothon and Emeria mounting their respective owls. This was the rebels final push, Kothon knew. If they held off this assault, the rebels, trapped in their last save haven, would be forced to surrender as Rolant himself marched on their base. She hoped she got to see that traitorous Valkyrie Icaria soil herself at the sight before Rolant ripped her head off. That Valkyrie had stolen her sword, and she did not take kindly to thieves.

Below them, thousands of ground soldiers swarmed the walls of the rebels final city. The sky itself was filled with Valkyries and mounted flyers, on both sides, and the smaller Valkyries soared towards one another, weapons drawn. The stronger ones held back, larger Valkyries the size of Gaia and hundreds of men and women mounted on eagles. Kothon and her squad set their sights on those enemies. No one got to hang back.

The first to engage was Rachel. The winds around the enemy riders and Valkyrie rose up in a roil, managing to fling a few of the crownwatch deserters off of their mount before combat even began. Cries of panic came from the group, but the Valkyries swooped down and retrieved the falling women and returned them to their mounts, leaving them no worse for the wear save for perhaps messier pants. They spotted Rachel, and the whole force began to move, spurred by a particularly large Valkyrie shouting orders. The winds fought against them, but they pushed forward.

A squad of the riders raised hellfire rifles, opening fire on the offending windshaper, but out of the clouds Rachel had pushed above her fell the colossal white owl, wings spread to completely cover the windhshaper. Hellfire rounds dissipated harmlessly against it, and then the giant creature pulled up once again, a blast of magical energy firing from its rider and obliterating several of the offending riflewielders. As the enemy approached and the shelterwing pulled up, Kothon and Gaia descended in its wake.

Staff raised, Kothon unleashed a barrage of energy on the enemy riders, ripping dozens of deserters and their mounts to shreds in an instant. The enemy charge paused, more than one of the powerfully built enemy Valkyries paling and filling her pants with piss at the sight of Kothon, the legendary Hooru commander. Even the large one who seemed to be in command had a trail of piss running down her exposed leg, but she yelled, “Move, you cowards! If we lose, we die! There is no retreating!” And with her voice, they moved once again.

But Gaia met their charge. The massive Valkyrie targeted the other oversized women, as she was told. Her hammer lashed out, smashing into the stomach of one of the women and shattering her, sending the urinating, defecating, screaming body to the ground. The greatsword in her other hand lashed out, and another Valkyrie was impaled. Her hammer came around in a parry against another, smashing right through and destroying the attacks blade. The Valkyrie looked between her shattered blade and Gaia, retreating with a wail as she felt a heavy mass settle into her panties. Valkyries were not used to feeling fear, and some of them started to panic as Gaia rampaged.

The riders tried to swarm over her, to stop her, but Kothon’s lighting lashed out. Any of them who approached near were consumed in the lightning storm that the woman controlled, electricity arcing through her and across the battlefield. Pulses of hellfire rifle fire rained down occasionally, but all were turned aside by Emeria above them. The winds themselves were on the four’s side, turning aside charges and keeping the trio agilely maneuvering through the battlefield more gracefully than their opponents ever could.

As a particularly dense group of fliers neared her, a hellfire rifle was raised by one of them and a pulse was sent shooting by Kothon, narrowly missing thanks to her owl banking out of the way. The women felt warmth fill her diaper in response to the heat of the deadly round passing so close, and cursed silently beneath the mask. At least no one but her knew of her momentary weakness. Before another could fire, she raised her hand and called upon her magic, a squad of spectral owls diving onto the group and ripping them to shreds. She was left alone for a moment to fume, feeling slowly spreading warmth suffuse her infantile garment. The great Kothon, wetting her diaper at a mere hellfire round. This was unacceptable.

Gaia tore through enemy Valkyrie after enemy Valkyrie, confident that the others would keep the rabble and artillery off her. Other Valkryie’s weapons dug into her flesh, but despite the wounds they left she didn’t flinch. Each of her own strikes drained her enemies energy, her wounds closing and flesh reforming with each powerful strike, faster than any of the enemies could keep up. Soon, she had the Valkyries scattering before her, piss trailing down their legs and mess filling their undergarments as they fled.

The enemy commander shouted and ranted, but the Valkyrie ranks were broken. Angrily, she took up her own blade and moved to meet Gaia, releasing a roar of rage. But the redhead wasn’t intimidated in the least. She stepped forward, hammer swinging down, and the two massive women clashed. For all her rage, the enemy commander was skilled, and Gaia found herself grinning as she was caught up in a good fight.

The field was looking pretty clear of the enemy fliers, Kothon noted. Most of the enemy around here seemed to be backing off. Fighting still raged below with the main body, but their part of the battlefield was emptying. And while they had been decimating the enemy, they certainly weren’t defeated…

Suddenly, the sound of a thousand torch blasts was audible. Hellfire rained down on their squad, Emeria’s great owl’s wings extending as far as they could, magical shielding outpacing even the spread of its wings. Impact after impact sounded on the shield above, like hail on a roof. “Commander…I can’t-!” came a cry from Emeria. The aegis faltered under the concentrated onslaught, and suddenly the sky was on fire. Emeria curled up in a ball on the back of her owl, whimpering in fear. She concentrated her energy on her own personal barrier, but blast after blast of fire assaulted her shelterwing. The big owl seemed surprisingly undeterred, but it wasn’t taking most of the blasts and protecting the others anymore.

Emeria could feel her suit getting warm as the air around her burned, but she was too afraid to even realize what she was doing. Her dark pants slowly but surely became completely saturated in liquid fear, her skintight shield trapping the liquid against her. Curled up in a ball, it expanded the only place it had to go, over the rest of her body, and soon enough her entire skintight suit was dripping wet. She had to admit, the body wide warmth was a bit comforting, even if the illusion was shattered as pee dripped from her hair. Her bowels were right behind her bladder, poo sliding out and expanding into her panties, soft mess pancaking beyond its tight confines and spreading down her legs and up her back a bit, forced outward by the suit and the forcefield. Even as the assault died down, Emeria still cowered, sobbing, sitting in a bubble of her own waste.

Kothon dived her owl hard for cover beneath the shelterwing, wincing as torch blasts narrowly missed her. Shuddering, she managed to take cover from the blasts, blushing fiercely beneath her mask as she realized she was peeing again. She jammed her hands in her crotch to try and stop the flow, but it was no use trying to stop her weak bladder. She only dared try while the air was too filled with fire for anyone to see. She couldn’t leave her position beneath the rider, simply forced to stew in her soaked diaper as she waited for the barrage to clear.

Rachel wasn’t so lucky. She was too far away from the shelterwing to get underneath it in time, instead simply swooping downwards in an attempt to get away from the barrage. A blast of fire slammed into her as she flew, sending her tumbling forward through the air into a complete barrage of fire. She was far beyond the backline now, screaming in pain as her flesh was seared. She was only vaguely aware of the heavy weight settling in the back of her pants as she shit herself, panties and pants bulging out with the heavy weight of her mess.

Liquid soaked her pants as well, cascading downwards and spraying off of the tumbling woman, getting everywhere but plenty simply melting in the heat. She couldn’t even feel the warmth of her accident over the searing blaze. But as she tumbled a little further back, she suddenly felt the burning cease. It was an odd sensation, a shielded sensation. One that caused a sigh of relief as she eagerly awaited the pain to melt away. They had done their job. Rolant was here.

Gaia clashed with the enemy commander, fire raining down around her. It scorched her flesh and burned all too hot, but she ignored it. Her strikes were as fast as ever, hammer and sword alternatively tearing into her foe again and again, driving her on the defensive. Even worse for her opponent, the fire was taking its toll. The enemy commander staggered under blast after blast, most of her shirt burned away and part of her pants, exposing her damp panties. With the fire falling, Gaia knew she had the upper hand. Striking high, her opponent raised her single weapon to block and Gaia kicked upwards, her foot slamming hard into the Valkyrie’s stomach. The commander staggered back, a powerful hiss sounding as the impact forced her bladder to release, soaking what was left of her pants and raining down from the sky on the enemy troops below.

“Ready to surrender yet, incontinent coward?” the redhead challenged, her other weapon already in motion. The enemy commander growled and started to come forward but Gaia’s hammer arced in with perfect timing, slamming into the hand holding her weapon and shattering the hand apart. Her sword went falling from the sky, and Gaia grinned down at her confidently.

The enemy Valkyrie paled, and a series of rude noises erupted from her backside as she began to frightfully evacuate her bowels. Her panties rapidly filled with soft mess, the accident spilling out the cuffs and joining her pee as it overloaded the skimpy garments to find no resistance from the burned away pants. Before she could flee, Gaia slammed the hilt of her sword into the Valkyrie’s head, sending her falling unconscious towards the ground.

As the hellfire sky finally dimmed, Kothon slowly floated her way out from beneath the shelterwing. Floating up above the battered owl, she hopped from her owl to the massive beast, walking over to Emeria. Carefully lifting the woman to her feet, she wrinkled her nose at the stench of the woman’s state. “Emeria, it’s over. Pull yourself back together.” She whispered. She wished she could be a bit nicer about it, but she was Kothon. The girl slowly opened her eyes, clinging to Kothon.

“I’m…sorry…” she managed. Kothon sighed and put her arms around the traumatized girl, hugging her for a moment. Suddenly, she heard the sounds of a warcry. Turning, she saw hundreds upon hundreds of Valkyries, including the ones Gaia had routed, swarming back towards them. At the head was familiar face, with a familiar weapon. Anger sparked inside of her. Letting go of Emeria, she gave a curt, “The fight is on once more.” And leaped off the back of the shelterwing, spectral wings of her own sprouting from her back. Staff held in two hands as a weapon, she rushed to meat Icaria’s charge.

Gaia turned, eyeing the oncoming charge. So, the queen of traitors was finally joining the fray. Her eyes settled on the massive blade she carried, the Sword of the Sky King. Kothon’s rightfully. Impressive, really. No one had expected Icaria could even wield the thing. Gaia was confident she could beat Icaria one on one. But with that sword…only one way to find out. But before she could charge, she heard a cry of rage from Kothon and saw her commander rushing to meet the charge. Good. That was what she liked to see out of an officer. Another demonstration of why she adored Kothon so much. Not sniveling in the backline. With a powerful beat of her massive wings, Gaia lifted off, heading to meet the Valkyries behind Icaria. Kothon wouldn’t appreciate her interference.

Icaria’s sword crashed headlong into Kothon’s staff. The two women circled each other, magical energy flaring like a wildfire. A pulse of hellfire rifles came flying by Icaria as they both stepped back a big, but the massive body of Emeria’s shelterwing descended in an instant, forcing both women back as the rounds impacted on it. With a shrill cry, the owl continued its dive, passing through the space beneath the women and coming up behind them, rising up in a flurry of beak and talons amidst the offending rifle wielders. Shrieks of pain and fear were audible. Despite their leader’s presence, Valkyries were no match for that massive, normally docile beast. It seemed Emeria was angry, and her bonded companion was felling that rage as well.

Kothun moved in again as soon as the shelterwing cleared the space between them, staff lashing out, crackling with energy. A flash of green light erupted as she clashed with Icaria’s, no her, sword. The lighting reached out, biting at Icaria’s flesh. But the larger Valkyrie was mostly undeterred. She flinched back from the lightning, but her hand lashed out, grabbing the staff. Gritting her teeth in pain, Icaria pulled at the staff, energy flowing through her. Kothon cried out angrily, channeling even more energy into the staff. But she wasn’t as strong as Icaria. Slowly but surely, the Valkryie pried the staff from Kothun’s grasp.

A few trickles of pee ran down her legs as lightning continued to course through her, but she tore the weapon from her foes grasp. Kothon stumbled back, cursing, weaponless. Her own massive sword slammed down towards her, and she knew she couldn’t evade. Her bladder was already empty, but her bowels had no mercy. A loud ppbblllrrrttt erupted from her bottom as she messily released a torrent of diarrhea into her diaper, warm muck rapidly filling up the protective garment. Even worse, she knew Icaria was close enough to hear it. Not only was she going ot die to her own swor,d but she was going to do it while shitting her diaper. This was the worst.

Gaia tore into the enemy forces, driving a good number back with powerful blows and wide swings. But she was outnumbered by too much, she knew. With Icaria there, they would not break and flee, and that had a decent chance of getting her killed. But she had to fight, regardless. An easy step forward and her sword pierced a Valkyrie, the haft of her hammer raised to block another strike.

A sword dug into her side, and she lashed out with her hammer, slamming the offender in the stomach and draining their life, the wound ejecting the blade and closing. The target was still alive, but doubled over clutching themselves in pain as the impact forced a smelly mess into their panties before they could do anything to stop it. Using the opening on her side Gaia retreated. The wind was no longer working to aid her, so something must have happened to Rachel. That was unfortunate. She glanced back at Kothon, and nearly cried out as she saw the rebel bitch raise Kothon’s sword above her commander. No, Kothon was hers! With a growl, she shot forward towards the pair.

Kothon looked up a moment later, unsure why she was still alive. Above her, she could see Gaia struggling against the massive blade, hammer and sword crossed in the best parry she could muster. Both Valkyries were straining hard, one determined to kill and one determined to protect. But Gaia wasn’t in a good position. “Gaia...” whispered Kothorn. But others were moving in, so she raised her hand, calling her staff back from wherever it was falling. She carefully rose to her feet, wincing at the squish of mess in her diaper, and started around the struggling pair. She almost paused as she realized something, however: Gaia had almost certainly heard her messing accident. Worried, she advanced, lightning lashing out and driving back the approaching Valkyries. But they were throwing spears now, a few narrowly missing her. And Emeria was still occupied with defeating magical barrages.

Gaia struggled hard, every muscle straining to keep the makeshift parry in place and not be crushed by the colossal blade. Warmth began to trickle down her leg as the exertion was too much. She was disappointed in herself, but there was nothing she could do. The blade slowly forced its way downwards, and her bladder slowly emptied itself into her tight black leggings, pee trailing down through the sky once it saturated her panties and leggings. “Disgusting.” Icaria commented, and Gaia growled back, pressing as hard as she could. But the sword was just too strong. The blade slowly descended until finally it touched her chest, metal edge right between her breasts. She gulped and as cold steel started to press inward she completely lost control.

She hated messy accidents. She was huge, and ate as much as one would expect from a towering Valkyrie. Soft mess rapidly filled her panties, expanding out the cuffs and into her leggings, the garments slowly becoming filled as more and more warm mush filled them, even spreading up her back a bit. The accident was massive, as was appropriate for the giant redhead. It was warm, it was sticky, and it was everywhere. Even worse, she had messed herself in fear. This was just unacceptable, she should be strong in the face of death. But…odd. The sword wasn’t pressing forward anymore. It was simply stuck against her skin.

It seemed they had fought long enough. Grinning viciously, Gaia grabbed the sword with both hands, the edge proving no hindrance, and shoved it aside. She jumped forward, punching Icaria hard, then tackling her fully. The other woman cried out in surprise, but she had expected a kill. The sword well from her hand with a well-placed kick from Gaia, and then the valkryie righted herself, grasping Icaria’s neck in one hand. She struggled, gasping for air, but to no avail. A slow trickle started, then rapidly increased, as Icaria, the rebel commander and said to be the most powerful Valkyrie, began to piss herself. “It’s over.” Gaia told her, grinning down at her prey despite the mess in her pants.

Down below, Rolant marched across the battlefield. Enemies scattered in his wake, each blow of his massive fist demolishing another rebel. Finally, he stood in the middle of the battlefield, looking up into the sky. His voice was booming and loud as he shouted, “All of you who have gone against me, you are not Valkyries. You are worthless trash!” His fist slammed down onto the ground, and magic radiated with the force of an explosion. Across the sky, every enemy Valkyrie, Icaria included, shrieked in pain and horror as the Ruler on The Empty Throne invoked his magic.

Their wings were shredded in an instant, ripped from them disintegrated in the harsh justice of the Eternal Throne. Gaia released her hold, letting Icaria fall. The woman was sobbing, crying in pain. She landed, mostly intact, in front of Rolant. Looking up, she began noisily messing herself, her wet garments expanding and sagging rapidly as she unleashed an enormous load into her panties. But Rolant didn’t wait for her to finish. He picked her up, and tossed her away…where she slammed right into the waiting tip of the Sword of the Sky King. Kothon stood, grinning in satisfaction beneath her mask, holding her sword and her greatest enemy upon it.

That night, Kothon entered her room, shutting the door behind her with a sigh of relief. Quickly pulling off her mask and letting her hair flow freely, she slipped out of the robe and the restricting breastplate, leaving herself in only a soiled diaper. The thing was very wet, having had to withstand another wetting during the discussion after the battle. She needed to get out of it before she peed again, it couldn’t take another accident. She started towards the bathroom, but froze in horror as she felt a pair of hands cup her breasts from behind. She hadn’t even heard the door, too lost in her own thoughts. What now!? Even worse, the surprise caused her bladder to release. The oversaturated diaper held for a moment, then started leaking, pee trickling down her legs and a puddle forming on the ground. She was taken aback; it had been a long time since she felt eh warmth down her legs, instead of just in a diaper.

“Aww, wetting yourself? So Kothon is really just a girl who isn’t even potty trained. You’re diaper’s all messy too, you need to get changed. Katelyn felt a chill run through her. She knew that voice. The hands released her, and she spun, blushing fiercely from the comment. “Gaia!? What are you doing here?” The shock of it all was too much. Her secret was found out, by one of her squad no less. She had just retrieved her sword and her status, and now it was all ruined…It was too much. Her body pushed another load into her diaper, this one a bit more solid. The heavy weight settled in her diaper, straining its capacity. Liquid poo from her much earlier accident leaked out the sides, trailing down her legs and only adding to her shame.

“Aww, how cute. No control at all. Don’t worry Kothon, I won’t tell anyone. You can be my messy little commander. Gaia leaned down and kissed Katelyn powerfully, and there was little the “superior officer” could do but relax in the much stronger Valkyries grip. Maybe this wouldn’t be so bad?

*032*2017-08-23 20:51

I am certainly more willing to tolerate them then before. Not my favorite certainly, and not entirely sure how I gave that impression using them what, once in the last two stories.

*034*2017-08-24 08:28

Thanks!

Rachel and Emeria are correct. Gaia is not the chancellor, her art is of a towering redhead Valkryie. Kothon is not Shatterglass mage, which one she is what it would seem at face value. And Icaria and Rolant are in fact their namesakes.

*035*2017-10-14 15:14

Secret Fears: Pt 1

(Man I wish I had patience to proofread stuff instead of just posting it @.@ Been playing Grand Order a bunch as much as I hate it. So some Fate stuff is in order. I don’t really like placing myself as a char in stuff, but I don’t have a convenient sub here unlike in FE. Guess it’s time to embrace Fate harem mentality x.x Oh I guess warning vague sexual description if you care about that sort of thing.)

Boudica:

Artoria:

Drake:

“Drake, we have been looking for hours and found nothing. You promised these monsters of yours were worth our time.” Artoria demanded. Or more accurately, Black Saber demanded. The woman was dressed in heavy black armor crisscrossed with red lines. As usual, the woman was more interested in fighting than anything else.

“Now now, I’m sure Captain Drake wouldn’t lead us astray.” Boudica replied, placing her hand on Artoria’s shoulder. The redhead was dressed in her usual skimpy outfit, complete with the crown of her queenhood. Her impressive thighs squeezed together as she did so, however, and she wished they would hurry.

She lived to serve her master’s wishes, and that included a lack of bathroom breaks. She had been one of the master’s first two servants, alongside Heracles, while Saber and Drake had just been acquired. They weren’t under the same commands yet, but she was sure they were soon to follow. She was sure the flamboyant Drake would have no issue. The stoic and proud black knight was another matter entirely, but Boudica figured she wouldn’t resist long. After the beating her and her former master had received at the hands of Blooper and Heracles combined assault, she knew the saber had the utmost respect for the pair. She wouldn’t have been surprised if the knight had had an accident under the devastating assault, which would only make the transition easier. The massive berserker had no idea about the master’s rules on her: he simply fought with him.

But, as much as she enjoyed pleasing Blooper, she was a bit more nervous about this. With Heracles along it was one thing: the monster wasn’t even aware of it. But with two more women, she was a bit embarrassed about the idea of having an accident. She was a queen after all.

“I believe I’ve found it, Captain.” Blooper’s voice came from nearby, and Boudica let out a sigh of relief. Removing her hand from Artoria’s shoulder, she headed over towards her master. The other two followed. “This better be worth it…” muttered Artoria.

“Don’t worry, this place is filled with loot.” Drake replied.

“If I may ask, why haven’t you already explored it if it’s so worthwhile?” Boudica asked.

“Too dangerous.” Drake replied quickly. Boudica frowned. The pirate queen wasn’t exactly known as someone who avoided danger…it wasn’t the time to press, she supposed. The trio arrived at the entrance, a simple, stone cave that held no light within. Blooper stood there, staring into the cave, while Hercules paced impatiently.

“This is it?” the master asked, turning his gaze to Drake.

“Yep, this is the place.” She replied. “Lots of gold, even a monument.”

The master nodded. “Well...lead the way captain. We’re right behind you.”

Drake frowned, but after a moment she nodded, drawing her pistols and heading into the darkness of the cave.

Boudica paused before the entrance, looking nervously into the darkness. Artoria passed by her, seemingly undeterred by the darkness, but Boudica stayed. She felt a short trickle of pee escape her, but before she could worry more about the darkness, a quick spell came from Blooper and a floating light appeared before them, racing forward to catch up to Drake. Giving Boudica a small smile and a pat on the shoulder, the master headed into the cave, Hercules beside him. Boudica smiled back, hurrying after him and passing back in front. The master’s place was always the rear.

As the group preceded into the now lit area, there was a clattering sound from next room. There was a locked door before it, the cave transitioning to a more dungeonlike structure, but drake simply blasted the hinges with her pistols before Artoria crashed right through. A group of skeletons occupied the next room, the clattering of their bones intensifying as they turned to face the party. A trio raised their bows, and as they light fly Artoria was in motion.

Their arrows bounced off her heavy black armor, her jet black blade crashing down on the first one and sundering it apart. Drake turned towards a clump of them, both pistols blazing as she opened fire. Boudica drew her sword, moving up to engage another group of the creatures. Her fighting was much less dramatic than the pair, but her impressive swordplay still made short work of the group. A roar was audible from Hercules as he charged into the midst of the final group, many skeleton sword’s pricking uselessly at him. The master’s eyes were closed, and a shimmering light surrounded Hercules, the warrior moving even faster than normal, meaning the berserker may as well have been moving at the speed of light for what their eyes could track. With a moment’s work and a finishing roar from Hercules, the entire skeleton threat was wiped out.

“That was child’s play, Drake. What are we doing here!” Artoria growled. She smashed the pieces of a skeleton for good measure before sheathing Excalibur Morgan.

“D-don’t worry, its coming up.” Drake replied. “We’re going to have to split up ahead, alright? And your light isn’t going to work, so we’ll have to be careful.”

Boudica gulped at that. The thought of walking around in the dark in a monster filled caved wasn’t a pleasant one. She felt Blooper’s hand squeeze her shoulder, and she nodded determinedly. She had to protect her master, even if she was scared. The pink haired captain through open the door, and the rest proceeded through. Before them were two passages, both clouded with darkness. “Which one holds the stronger foes?” Artoria asked immediately. “That way.” Drake said, pointing to the right passage. Artoria immediately started down it, glancing at Blooper briefly. The master nodded, a slight smile on his face, and she rushed off, eager to find more to fight.

“Well, we should go too.” Drake said, starting towards the other passage.

“Actually…Drake, go with Artoria. We’ll handle the other passage.” The captain froze at Blooper’s words, paling and looking back. “But…don’t you and Hercules want to-“

“You and Saber will be more than enough, get going, before you get split up.” Drake looked nervous, but she had to obey the master’s orders. But the punishment he talked about earlier…with a gulp, she took off down the other passageway, chasing the clank of Artoria’s armor.

The remaining trio approached the other passage. Boudica paused in front of the darkness, gathering herself. Whatever was in there, she would defeat it. She drew her sword, nervously taking another step closer. Suddenly, she felt Blooper take her hand, squeezing it tightly. She smiled, relaxing a bit. “I’m sorry master, I’m holding everything up.”

“Don’t worry Boudica, there is nothing wrong with being scared. We’ll proceed when you’re ready.”

Boudica let out a sigh of relief, stepping back a bit. “Thanks…” she turned, hugging her shorter master tightly in her patented boob suffocating hug. A moment later, she felt a grumble in her stomach, and had to put a hand on her bottom as a weight suddenly tried to escape. A fart escaped instead, and she blushed, stepping back. “L-let’s go.” She decided, starting into the darkness, spurred by the need to relieve herself.

“Now now, don’t go having an accident in the darkness where I can’t see. You’ll get the same punishment as the other two.” Blooper told her, dragged along as he was still holding her hand comfortingly. Hercules followed the pair, giving a low “Grarrr” as they entered the darkness.

They walked in silence for several minutes, the only sound a small bump in the distance, and the short trickle of pee trailing down Boudica’s shapely leg as a response to it. She hated this. If she could see the enemy, fight them, it was fine. But this darkness was awful. And even worse, she had to hold it until they left, and she was desperate at this point. She had to please the master…

A moment later, things kicked off. There was a loud “Raaauuggrrhhh” from Hercules, and the sound of the berserker smashing something. “Hercules, what’s-“ Blooper started to ask, but suddenly Boudica let out a scream. Something slimy was wrapped around her leg, lifting her up in the air and holding her upside down. At the sudden movement, her sword slipped from her grasp, and she felt pee start to escape her bladder, her white panties saturating. She clamped down before it began spilling down atop her, but she looked up. Above her, two glowing eyes were barely visible, ever so slightly illuminating a maw filled with enormous teeth. Her pee sprayed out full force, pee going up a bit and soaking her thighs before washing down over her, soaking her. She could feel warmth saturating her shirt entirely, and even her face and hair was getting wet. She knew the master would love this is he could see it. But she was terrified. “Master, help!” she cried.

“I can’t see anything!” she heard him call back, frustrated. “Where are you!? Hercules, to me, now!” She heard an answering roar, and the sound of the berserker neared. There was a clattering sound and a curse as her master presumably stumbled upon her fallen blade. “Up here!” she shouted in reply once Hercules’s roar passed. She felt the thing’s jaws try to bite her, but her divine protection absorbed the first attempt. She continued to soak herself, struggling against it’s grip, panicking now as it went to bite again. As its teeth bit into the flesh of her leg, she endured the bite but…a small lump forced its way into her panties.

She needed to do something, and fast, but she couldn’t even think, she just had to get away and out of this horrible darkness…suddenly, she felt healing warmth through her, her leg mending itself as Blooper’s healing magic flowed through her. “Catch!” she heard, and she felt her sword rapidly approaching as her master tossed it too her. Catching the weapon, she reached up and slashed the creature holding her, repeatedly cutting into it. It howled in pain and released her, the redhead falling, Boudica release a cry of fear as she fell. Instead of slamming into the ground below, however, she landed in Blooper’s arms, letting out a sigh of relief. “I’m sorry master, I-“ she started, knowing her could feel how wet she was.

“Shhh, it’s okay.” he replied, and she could feel him hurrying, moving away from whatever was attacking her before it could reach out again. They reached the end of the darkness relatively quickly, entering a relatively empty room. There was a rune covered door against the far wall, and beside the place they exited was another passageway into darkness. They would have to wait for the others here.

Boudica was blushing fiercely now. “Master…you can put me down now.” She told him, squirming.

“Ah, right.” He set her down, looking her up and down. “You made quite the mess. I’ll make it so the others can’t tell.” He spoke a few words of a spell. Boudica let out an internal sigh of relief. The other’s wouldn’t know, at least. A moment later, she felt his lips press against hers, and his hard member press against her soaked panties. She let out a garbled moan, eagerly pressing back against him, but a moment later her released her and stepped back. “Not here.” He declared, turning and moving over to the door, muttering an incantation of magic detection.

Boudica shuttered, resisting the urge to touch herself. Whether it was her summoning or her bond to her master or she had always been like this she didn’t know, but it was very hard to resist rubbing herself through her wet panties. She was already being punished for having an accident in the darkness, whatever that entailed. But she closed her eyes, composing herself and making sure she still had a hold on her bowels, at least.

Meanwhile, in the other passage…

Drake dashed down the passage. She needed to catch up to Saber, she couldn’t get trapped separate from her. Suddenly, a ghostly moan was audible, and she felt herself leak into her panties. She hated ghosts. They terrified her, they were her worst nightmare. She had tried to loot this place earlier, but after the encounter with ghosts here…she hadn’t mustered the courage to make her way back until she had her master and his team with her. But in the face of the ghosts once again, any courage that granted was gone.

As she reached the sound of armor, she heard Artoria speak. “Get ready, something is coming.” She felt the other woman’s armored back turn, and she drew her own pistols, back to back with Artoria, terrified. She heard the saber’s blade cut out, an otherworldly screech the response. At the sound she knew she was peeing. Before she could even attempt to stop it, ghostly hands reached out and grabbed her. She felt the chill course through her, and her energy start to be sapped. But all she could do was scream.

Her bladder was releasing full force, her tight white pants rapidly soaked, her wet lacy pink panties clearly visible through the now transparent material of her pants. The sound of her pee hitting the ground was quite audible as her impressive release thoroughly soaked her. She managed to kick out at the ghost, driving it back and opening fire with her pistols. The bullets tore through the creature, ripping its ghostly flesh apart. A few more swooped at her, but she was ready this time, and blasted them down, pistols smoking as she rapidly fired into them, even if they might already be finished. Behind her, she heard Saber’s exertion as she cut down the creatures. A few minutes later, the ghost attack was over, both women panting.

A few moment of silence passed, and then Artoria asked, “Drake, did you piss yourself.

“I…” Drake managed, blushing.

Artoria burst out laughing. “You know what that means. Master told us both the same thing. You won’t catch me soiling myself like a child, so I hope you enjoy those alone.”

Drake blushed even more fiercely. She hadn’t thought much of the master’s statement at the time. Of course she wasn’t going to have an accident, she was a heroic spirit, one of the most powerful things in existence. But…it didn’t make her immune to being scared. She could feel the now cooling wetness soaking her pants and hoped Blooper would be merciful.

The pair proceeded through the darkness, soon enough both exiting into a lit room containing their other companions. “Hey master, the brave captain pissed herself.” Artoria commented as they entered the room.

Drake blushed, but she couldn’t really deny it. “Its not my fault, the ghosts cursed me.”

“Then how come I’m fine, miss wet and pink?” Artoria replied.

“How should I know? Maybe your magic resistance helped?” Drake replied, blushing fiercely. She turned, grinning as she saw her master’s eyes lingering on her exposed panties and legs. “Like what you see?”

Boudica glared at her master a bit jealously, but when she turned to Drake she had to admit it was rather impressive. She couldn’t blame him, she would happily get in bed with the captain if the master was okay with it.

“Save the seduction for when you aren’t soaked like a child who still needs her diapers.” Artoria commented, clearly not amused at someone else attracting the master’s attention either. Both Drake and Boudica blushed fiercely. “The master deserves someone strong, not a pissy scared weakling.”

“Like there’s nothing that scares you!” Drake returned angrily.

“I am beyond fear.” Artoria replied, her gaze hard and unflinching, eyes red and demonic.

Drake took a step back, and she could feel a tiny lump of poo push into her panties. Saber was indeed scary. Still, she determinedly stared right back, not willing to show weakness.

“Now now, calm down girls. It was just a little accident.” Blooper told them, his voice shattering their staredown. “This door is pretty well enchanted, so there’s likely a big threat behind it. Everyone ready?”

“Ready!” Boudica declared, standing confidently and holding her sword and shield ready.

“Graauugghh” Hercules replied, golden axe held in both hands.

“I’m good to go.” Drake said, turning, both pistols drawn.

“Always.” Artoria replied, sword in hand.

Blooper nodded, and pushed the door open. The four servant darted past him, spreading out as they advanced into the room. The place was filled with treasure, gold and silver and gems scattered everywhere. There was a large statue of a man mounted on a horse dominating the far wall of the room.

As they moved further, a pair of foes appeared. One was a massive ghost, holding an enormous weapon. The other was a shadowy figure, likely a shadow servant. Magic wreathed between its hands.

With lightning fast speed, the giant ghost charged Drake. Her scream echoed throughout the room, high pitched and filled with pure terror. She retreated backwards as the monster raised its massive weapon and sent it crashing down towards her. The sound of her bowels rapidly evacuating was audible to all. Liquid mess exploded into her already soaked white pants, saturating the back with liquid poo and spreading down her legs rapidly, turning the entire back of her pants brown with liquid mess. A fresh patch of wetness blossomed on her pants as she released what little was left in her bladder. Before it could strike her, however, Hercules hit it charging at full force, and he two monsters clashed, locked in battle. The swiped at one another, tearing into one another’s flesh, each one regenerating just as fast as they tore away.

The caster raised his hands, chanting a spell, and suddenly a massive wave of dark energy, filled with hungering mouths and other dark terrors, descended upon them. It was Boudica’s turn to scream, but unlike Drake she kept it together enough to do her job. She had to keep Blooper protected. “I will protect! Chariot of Boudica!” she called the name of her Noble Phantasm, and the spectral wheels of her might chariot, spiked and covered in the blood of her enemies, appeared around them.

The chariot itself did not, she was focused on protecting for now. The magic washed over them, darkness blotting out their vision, but the spikes tore the creatures inside it apart, only the mental effects of the darkness washing over them. Boudica could feel a heavy weight settling in her panties as darkness washed over them. It wasn’t the first time, but every time it felt so childish. Her white panties sagged heavily as she pushed a considerable load into them, fear of the darkness getting the better of her.

Boudica’s phantasm protected them from any physical harm, but not mental effects. As the darkness cleared, all three girls felt magic take hold. Boudica and Drake both moaned loudly as lust overtook them. Boudica’s body moved without her control, and she leaped on top of Drake, pushing the other woman down and fiercely kissing her. The captain returned it just as fiercely, both of their minds clouded only with passion. A few moments later they transition to even fiercer, groping each other’s considerable breasts and rubbing fiercely against one another. They didn’t seem to care, and perhaps even enjoyed, the wetness in their pants and the mess they spread around with every motion.

Artoria felt it as well, although her magic resistance protected her to some degree. Still, she could feel a burning need, definitely something she didn’t usually feel. But she needed to fight. Turning to Blooper, she spoke, not even embarrassed. “I will need you to help thoroughly take care of this…later… I just need to fight now.” Her armor transformed into her dress, and she looked expectantly.

Glancing over at the other two and seeing they definitely needed someone fighting, Blooper walked up behind saber. One hand reached around and cupped her breast, playing with her nipple while the other reached beneath her dress and into her panties. In her hyper aroused state, it took only a moment before Artoria moaned loudly and released her juices into her panties and onto her master’s hand. She could still feel the burning and the enchantment, but she could focus for now. She certainly didn’t mind needing her master’s touch, as long as she could fight first. That was for times other than combat. She wanted something more than his hand anyway.

Her armor reformed as Blooper retreated, and Artoria charged forward, sword glowing with energy. She cut at the caster, but his wards absorbed the first blow, even if they shattered. His magic reached out to bind her, but her magic resistance rendered his spell useless. With a growl of frustration, he called upon a spell of transformation, and a moment later, a giant tentacled beast stood in his place.

Artoria took a step back, gulping. She hadn’t been entirely truthful to Drake. It seemed tentacled creature were her weakness…

She lashed out at it, but a tentacle slapped her blade aside, another reaching out to grab her and lift her in the air. She squeaked in fear, clutching her blade tightly. She felt her bladder release as it squeezed her tightly, and the inside of her armor warmed as pee soaked her legs. Artoria was a servant who liked to eat and drink a lot, and there was no end to that stream forthcoming. She cut at the tentacles a couple time, but they were solid as rock. She needed a different plan.

The monster turned her upside down and dangled her in front of its enormous maw, red eyes glaring at her. She shuddered and could feel pee now soaking the top half of her body, thankfully trapped inside her armor at least. But her breast and stomach were now coated with warm sticky urine as well. As she stared at its hungry maw, she felt her bowels start to move as well. It shoved her into its mouth, closing it and covered her in darkness. Inside, tentacles of darkness wrapped around her, and it was too much. She let loose a cry of fear now that no one could hear her, and her bowels moved.

Hot, sticky, smelly mess rapidly filled her black panties, overflowing them and spreading out across her bottom, thanks to the heavy armor. She messed herself for far too long, whimpering in feel as the tentacles caressed her. But she had a plan. As the last wave of sticky mess soiled her armor, she channeled her energy, and with a shout of “Swallow the light! Excalibur Morgan!” Energy pierced the softer inside of the beast, and soon enough consumed it entirely as pure destructive energy destroyed the monstrosity.

As the beast disintegrated around her, Artoria stepped through its remains, landing on her feet with only a slight stumble as she felt the mess move around in her armor. She hoped her armor would hide it, but she knew it wouldn’t. The kind of stuff she ate…he would be able to smell it. She walked over to the others, the other two female servants lying exhausted beside one another. Hercules was finishing off his opponent, the master releasing focus on a spell of enhancement for the monstrous man.

Looking down at the two, she shook her head. “You two could have helped.”

Drake grinned up at her. “It seemed like you had it under control.” She wrinkled her nose. “Wait…did you…?”

Artoria blushed fiercely. “If you had-“ but she was cut off by Drake.

“Hahahahaha. After all that talk, you shit yourself! Did you hear that, master? The brave knight made a mess in her armor! She’s no better than the rest of us!”

Artoria wanted to protest, but she couldn’t. She felt herself start to tear up, and she fought it as hard as she could. She was the ultimate fighting machine, she wasn’t supposed to feel humiliation, but… Suddenly, she felt Boudica’s arms around her. “It’s alright, accidents happen. Don’t cry.” The redhead told her, giving a motherly smile. Artoria sniffled and nodded, hugging Boudica back.

Before Drake could say anything more, Blooper walked up to the trio. “Armor off.” He told her. Head lowered in shame, Artoria reluctantly dismissed the armor. She wanted to curl up and hide. For someone strong to see her like this, especially the master…how was she going to get him to take care of this magic’s effects later…

Reaching out, Blooper cupped Drake’s messy bottom in one hand and Artoria’s in the other. “It seems neither of you can control yourselves, just like I thought. You know what’s coming later.

“Punish me however you see fit. I am a disgrace.” Artoria replied.

“You don’t have to be like that. It was just an accident.” Blooper replied, turning the saber’s head upwards, he gave her a quick kiss before turning back to the treasure. She gasped. On one hand, she was disappointed he wasn’t as harsh as she would be. On the other hand, she was glad her master liked her even when she had an accident. “Now, let’s gather this stuff up. Boudica, Rider, the monument.” Blooper told them.

Both riders approached the monument, touching it and letting its energy flow through them. Both feeling stronger than before, the pair joined the rest of them in gathering the treasure, all of the women slightly uncomfortable in their soiled attire.

Once everything was collected, they returned to Chaldea, Da Vinci warping them back. Hercules returned to his own “quarters”, the mission complete. The three women, however, followed Blooper back towards his room. All four entered, and Artoria waited barely enough time for the door to shut before tackling him onto the bed, magic burning through her. The other two followed them.

Several hours and a good shower later, the three servants stood naked before their master, save for a pristine white diaper on each of them.

“This is absurd…what kind of punishment is this?” Artoria complained.

“An appropriate one for a knight who shits in her armor.” Drake shot back. The Captain wasn’t particularly happy about hers, but…well if they faced more ghosts she would need it. If she kept it dry, she wouldn’t be in it for long.

Boudica just giggled. The master had promised she wouldn’t be in hers that long, considering she wasn’t allowed to go anywhere but it. It didn’t bother her too much, though she would prefer to get out of it. Whatever the master wanted.

“Alright girls, go ahead and get dressed and go. We’ll reconvene tomorrow.” Blooper declared. With a nod, all three dressed and filed out of the room, each with their own thoughts and own varying degrees of embarrassment.

(To be continued? Who nyos)

*037*2017-10-26 14:34

I did not know they had a name. Infi told me their japanese name was Ritsuka Fujimaru apparently, but it was too late to edit, so in any future installments I'll likely be using that, because Gudako does not sound like a real name x.x(Thanks for providing the name tho). And I'm not a huggggeeee fan of normal Artoria but I like Alter's strong warrior sort of mentality a lot.

As for the second part, yes I am on NA server. I've completed all the available quest-lines for the moment. My team is the one from this story, unsurprisingly :P. First wave is Heracles/Salter/Drake, and backup is Emiya and Boudica. Everyone is second evolutioned save for Boudica, but no one is using Boudica because she's good anyway >.> Once the GudaGuda nonsense happens in a month of so I should be fourth ascending people though: right now my only barrier to ascension is lack of heart of the foreign gods and the damn chaos claw drop rate which is the worst thing ever T_T

*039*2017-10-27 17:54

I just steal Waver's from my friend list cause I can't roll him >.> Or Tananamo/Gil from Faust. Merlin is what my team really needs but he's a while yet(and potentially what every team really needs). And yeah the daily change helped get all the mats pretty much, except chaos claws still have an impossible drop rate x.x But Gudaguda comic just released, soon event will save me hopefully. Are you playing on the Jap version too?

*040*2017-12-11 13:56

(For now, some short stories based in FE: Heroes world. Most of this is just porn for the sake of porn, really. Playing lots of heroes and wanted to write something about it, not many good ideas. And wanted to write porn. So here it is. The relationship between Michalis and Celica is something that is explained in a story I have yet to finish and post, I believe. So if it doesn’t make much sense and you are wondering what happened to poor Alm, optimally an explanation will come in time. I’d like to write something explaining the whole plot of this heroes thing as well, but the pile of things I want to write grows faster than I have time and motivation to write them ;_;)

Training

Kagero was still surprised at the intensity of a practice session here. She looked down upon the largest room in the small practice complex where several of her comrades clashed. She herself was hidden in the shadows, though it seemed a target was rapidly approaching. As usual, however, the ninja had been holding it for far too long. Knowing that Michalis was watching from above, she carefully released a bit of the pressure, letting a small lump of poo fall into her boyshorts and a small spurt damped the crotch of them. The ninjas powerful muscles strained, cutting off the release and somehow holding back the massive accident that was desperately trying to escape. She barely suppressed a small moan at the small release: the ninja had consumed a powerful aphrodisiac for “training purposes”, and it was only thanks to her considerable discipline that she didn’t fall into its throws immediately. Steeling herself, she vanished back into the shadows, leaving the two redheads to their battle.

Mia ran through the halls, Alondite held at the ready. Its protective green energy surrounded her. Where had that damn ninja gone? This was a fight, not hide and seek! The purple haired swordsmaster barely had time to react as a pair of dagger flew at her from the shadows. She backflipped away from them, spinning and deflecting a second barrage from a different angle. But there was a third. The trio of shurikens bounced off the green barrier, but she couldn’t rely on Alondite’s limited protection. Suddenly, three Kageros were on her. As skilled as the ninja was, Mia was a true master of the sword. Her blade lashed out faster than the eye could see, fighting off all six slashing daggers. But she was only fighting them off. The weapons glistened with poison, and even one hit could be fatal. But she had to guess right. She charged towards the leftmost Kagero, driving the ninja back.

As her opponent flipped away, she lashed out with Alondite, spearing her on a blast of green energy. The ninja cried out in pain, crumpling in a heap against the far wall. A rapidly expanding puddle appeared beneath her, and a crackling sound indicated that was not her only loss of control. “Not that one…” Mia cursed, spinning. Her powerful leg kicked out, intercepting the center ninja that was coming at her. With a grunt, Kagero stumbled back, groaning as she voided her bowels into her panties. The third Kagero was still coming, her daggers both driving hard into Alondite’s barrier. The green wavered, but held, and Mia sliced the last Kagero with a heavy cut of her blade. The rules of training kept the impact nonlethal, but the ninja still staggered back with a spray of blood, face contorted in fear and helplessly urinating on herself whilst filling her boyshorts with several logs of poo.

Mia felt a pair of daggers dig into her shoulder and nearly screamed with frustration. None of them had been correct. Alondite’s shield absorbed the brunt of the strike, but the daggers broke skin, leaving two small wounds on her arms. The swordsmaster spun, lashing out for the ninja’s head for her blade. But Kagero was already retreating. Mia could already feel the poison sapping her strength, and her bladder collapsed, hot pee streaming down her shapely legs, her muscles unable to put up a fight any longer.

As Kagero felt the sharp steel of Mia’s weapon barely miss her face, she couldn’t contain it anymore. Her bladder sprayed the inside of her clothes with urine, rapidly streaming down her powerful thighs and staining them with glistening trails. Her long held bowels pushed hot mess into her boyshorts, and the tight undergarments rapidly expanded, some even pushing its way into the leg holes and a bit falling to the ground. Still soiling herself, Kagero retreated back into the shadows, suppressing moans of pleasure that no one but the master ninja could have hidden. It didn’t even take a touch to wet her panties with more than just pee, the red faced ninja shuddering with pleasure.

Mia looked around, but all three Kagero’s accidents were finished, and they disappeared in a puff of smoke. That ninja’s ability wasn’t fair! How could she fight four people! Kagero usually couldn’t maintain and coordinate more than one or two clones at once…what had she done for three? The normally energetic swordswoman slumped over with a groan. A loud fart escaped her bottom, and she clutched her stomach. The poison…her arms felt weak, and she resisted the urge to throw up.

Another fart, and then…her own black boyshirts were doused in a waterfall of diarrhea. It was all she could do to sit on her knees and continue shitting herself, releasing wave after wave of diarrhea as the poison put her bowels on overdrive and drained the strength from her muscles. Coughing, the swordsmaster felt her consciousness fading and desperately hoped someone would clean her up so she didn’t have to deal with the mess when she awoke. She could already feel the warmth of her puddle enveloping her chest as she collapsed.

The room was awash with magic, lightning crackling and flames flaring. The two women stared each other down, tomes in hand. Celica raised her tome, and with a burst of energy the flame around her parted, a blast of Seraphim magic firing off at her opponent. She let out a gasp as a spurt dampened her panties at the same time: channeling magic stressed her ability to hold it, and the pair had been battling for a while. She didn’t know how much longer she could keep this up. Her opponent seemed unfazed.

Ishtar stood in the same place she had stood the entire battle. Her entire body crackled with electricity, Mjolnr held safely in one hand. As the blast of light zoomed towards her, she struck back with a blast of lightning, dissipating the spell. She could feel her own control faltering as she channeled energy, but she was used to holding it. This was nothing. Lightning overran Celica’s Seraphim blast, the raw energy of Mjolnr pushing through and crashing down on Celica once again.

The priestess desperately drew power, striking back with a powerful blast of Ragnarok. The powerful spell blunted the assault, but Celica knew she couldn’t keep drawing on it. Her muscles involuntarily pushed a small lump of poo into her pure white panties, the mass settling uncomfortably as she desperately clamped down on her tired muscles before they let anything else out. She couldn’t risk casting another spell, especially not a powerful one.

So the priestess drew her sword. The finely shaped lady sword, given to her by Michalis, glowed with power. She lunged forward at the opposing mage. If she couldn’t win this battle through magic, she would win it with her blade. Surely a mage would have no chance on this axis of combat.

Ishtar had other ideas, however. A hammer of lightning appeared in her hand, crackling with energy. Still standing motionless, she used her tome like a shield, absorbing the impact of Celica’s stab before swinging back with the hammer of lightning. The redhead narrowly avoided the retaliatory swing, caught by surprise. She found out avoiding it wasn’t good enough, however. The crackling lightning around the hammer caught her side, and she cried out as electricity coursed through her body. A long spray of pee soaked her white panties and sent a cascade trailing down her leg as her muscles convulsed. Regaining control with a growl, she approached Ishtar more carefully, trying to get a read on her. But the archmage was stoic and revealed nothing, simply standing in place. She didn’t even show any signs of loss of control. Celica wasn’t too worried about impressing Michalis. But she did want to humiliate this seemingly untouchable mage.

Unfortunately, it seemed Ishtar was tired of waiting. Lighting crackled, and a trio of powerful bolts arced out at Celica. The priestess dived forward, underneath the barrage, turning the desperate dodge into an attempt to tackle Ishtar. Before she made contact with the mage, however, she felt electricity course through her body, and she screamed in pain. Apparently the woman had a defensive field. Celica knew it was over. Her control was slipping away as electricity coursed through her muscles, and a powerful kick from the taller mage sent her tumbling away.

She collapsed in a heap, groaning as she felt a puddle rapidly forming beneath her. She tried to clench her muscles, but none of them were working. She couldn’t even move. With no more resistance to be found, poo slid into her panties, soft mush eagerly filling them to their capacity. Celica couldn’t even hit something in frustration as she completely soiled herself without putting a single scratch on the opposing archmage. She would have to get better. As her convulsions slowed, she felt strength fading from her, and her eyelids reluctantly fell closed.

Ishtar let out a sigh of relief as Celica finally collapsed into unconsciousness. She immediately crossed her legs, letting out a groan. Now that no one was around, she could afford to show her desperation. She needed to find somewhere to relieve herself, quickly. Before she could get very far, however, she felt a hand on her bottom and gasped. Turning, she saw Michalis behind her.

“You did an excellent job. The only one to avoid soiling yourself. Quite impressive, Lady Ishtar.”

Ishtar felt herself blushing. His demeanor, his voice, his appearance…he was so much like the old Julius. Confident, in charge…he was a true ruler. She was shuddering at his touch. An unexpected warmth could be felt growing around her crotch, but she was too focused on Michalis too notice. “T-thank you, King Michalis. But it was not a problem. No one can match my skill with magic, not even Mila’s chosen. It was the expected outcome.” She cursed the stutter in her voice before she composed herself. This man…he was so much like the person she loved. But…she had just knocked his queen unconscious. He already had a queen…she hadn’t been here long, but he treated this squad almost like concubines. Perhaps that was their purpose. She was…she was okay with that, she decided. But if she could continue to overperform Celica in his eyes…that would be even better.

Suddenly, she looked down. She could see pee dripping down her legs, her dress soaked. She could feel the warmth soaking her thighs. She put a hand on her bottom, and gasped as she felt the weight of mess there. It was warm and squishy and coating her bottom…she hadn’t even noticed. She had been so nervous, with him right there…tears formed in her eyes. “I’m sorry, I didn’t-I-“

“It is alright, Lady Ishtar. It is bound to happen eventually. There aren’t exactly alternative presented.” Michalis told her, smiling warmly.

She sniffled, failing to fight back tears. She had done so well, but now she’d soiled herself like a child. Not even from combat like the others, but from nervousness…But she felt strong arms wrap around her, holding her as she cried.

“You are quite beautiful even when distressed Lady Ishtar. Please, do not worry.”

Ishtar let him hold her limp body, her tears soaking into his coat. It felt good. It felt like Julius. It felt like what she thought she would never find again. Perhaps…it was okay after all. Being summoned here, somewhere she could find happiness in this eternal limbo of a fallen hero.

Minerva grimaced as an arrow narrowly missed her head. She retaliated with a hand axe, but another arrow knocked it from the sky. It was so much harder to maneuver quickly without her wyvern…but it would just be shredded by the barrage of arrows if she stayed mounted, even with Iote’s protection. Taking her axe in both hands, she could feel her stomach churning. If she wanted to keep her armor clean, she needed to end this fast. It was time to charge.

Cordelia lined up her shot as the axe came flying towards her. It wasn’t her usual weapon, but she had trained hard with every common weapon type, and the bow was no exception. Her shot was perfect, knocking the axe from the sky. Already drawing another arrow, she adjusted her feet, lining up her shot for when Minerva moved. She didn’t want to get into close combat. Normally she would be more comfortable there, but…this stupid outfit was causing her problems. Whoever’s idea it was for her to be summoned in this deserved an arrow to the face. The bulky dress was already a pain, but even worse was the “bridal diaper” underneath it. Who wore a diaper to their wedding!? It was absurd. But she was stuck like this. And if she didn’t defeat Minerva soon, her diaper would be significantly less white than her dress.

The two women acted at the same time. Minerva charged, seemingly undeterred by her heavy armor, especially compared to Cordelia’s dress. Cordelia opened fire at the same time. Minerva dived beneath the first arrow, rolling and coming up out of the dive still in motion. The second arrow clipped her as she rolled, but her armor stopped it. Still, the impact left her leaking a bit into her panties, much to her annoyance. She would not let some other red haired flyer usurp her position, she was the most continent woman on the team! As she came up, a third arrow clipped her hair, a couple strands cut off by the arrowhead. Her panties got damper. The back of them turned slightly brown. Such close shots were effective at scaring her, as much as she hated to admit it. Even if they were less of a problem now, she was still terrified of arrows: she had always been a flying soldier.

Cordelia cursed as her arrow missed. She had miscalculated the agility of Minerva, she had to admit. She was relatively new to the squad, and she hadn’t really seen the wyvern knight fight unmounted before. She was even more impressive here than she had been in the air. She was a bit jealous, really. No matter how hard she worked, there was no way she could match the power in Minerva’s body. But that wasn’t all combat was about. She fired twice more, these arrows a bit different than the others. She would win this battle.

Almost there. Minerva pushed herself harder, closing the ever-shorter gap between herself and the opposing archer. Another arrow flew, this one gleaming with magical energy. She raised her axe to block it, but it exploded in wind magic, taking her by surprise. She cried out in fear at the combination of the two flier’s bane effects, and her powerful muscles forced a solid lump of poo into her red panties. The arrow slammed into her chest, punching through the armor and into her flesh thanks to the magical boost. She staggered, but didn’t falter. Grabbing the arrow, she pulled it loose, blood spraying. But Hauteclaire was already working, and the wound closed almost immediately, the flesh regenerating as her axe’s magic removed her injuries.

The last arrow was streaking towards her, but just before it hit, she reached out and caught it in her gauntleted hand. Its end was odd, a pink heart shape. She stared at it for a moment, confused, before she felt and enchantment wash over her. With a growl of determination, she resisted the magical compulsion, but it wouldn’t be for long. Whatever this magic was, it was incredibly potent. She normally wasn’t in danger from enchantment at all. But she could hold it off long enough. Her axe was already raising, and she brought it slamming down on Cordelia before the redhead could launch another arrow.

Cordelia grinned as the wind arrow impacted. Hopefully that would shake her plenty. Normally she would lead with an arrow of some other kind to shake her foe, perhaps to make them desperate, but Michalis had already seen to that aspect. Her cupid’s arrow would make easy work of her next- Cordelia’s eyes widened as Minerva came charging forward again, the pair of enchanted arrows not even slowing her. The redhead could feel the cold chill of fear now, and her diaper grew warm in response.

She was peeing powerfully, unintentionally. She desperately raised her blow, the powerful magical axe crashing down and splintering her weapon, stopping barely an inch from her head. She fell to her knees, dress spreading out around her. A series of rude noises was audible as she filled the back of her poofy white garment, taking the near deadly strike much worse than Minerva had taken the arrow. She couldn’t stop herself, she was rapidly filling her diaper…ugh, this costume was the worst. She wanted to cry.

Minerva grinned victoriously as Cordelia collapsed in front of her, obviously losing control. She had won the battle. Michalis would be pleased, and she could- the enchantment decided it had had enough of waiting. Minerva helplessly felt her hand go to her crotch, then another to her bottom. She found herself dancing in placing, holding with obvious desperation. Why was this happening, she could hold it for- her mouth began moving on its own. “Mistress, I can’t hold it much longer. Please let me go to the potty!” She couldn’t believe it. She sounded like a child.

Cordelia rose before her, smiling slightly. Minerva felt herself kneeling down so she would be shorter than the other redhead. She patted Minerva’s head. “You did a good job holding it, alright? You can go now.” The shorter redhead smiled, her hand reaching around Minerva’s body and under her armored skirt, feeling her bottom. The other hand groped her crotch. “Go ahead and let it out. I’ll clean you up afterwards.”

Minerva was horrified, but her body may as well have been Titania’s for how obedient it was. “I couldn’t hold it…” she said childishly, and her she felt herself forcibly releasing her bladder and bowels. Control of her muscles locked away, she felt like a child again, helplessly using her underwear as a toilet. At the same time…well, she wasn’t Michalis, but Minerva couldn’t exactly claim she didn’t enjoy being forced to soil herself. Her panties were soaked in a powerful cascade, and her bottom rapidly filled with soft mess, a loud pbbllrrttt accompanying her sticky release.

Cordelia felt much better as the redhead turned to putty under her enchantment. Powerful redheads like her…they were her favorite target. She might not be as willing as Titania but…she could work with this. She felt warmth soak her fingers, and she could feel the soft, sticky mess expanding the back of Minerva’s panties. Groping her bottom and spreading the mess as it released, Cordelia began to tease Minerva through her soaked panties. The girl was quite susceptible already, to her surprise.

Minerva moaned loudly as Cordelia’s touch quickly led to a second kind of wetness soaking her panties. It felt very good. But she could tell the enchantment was wearing off after her climax. Strength left her limbs and she collapsed against Cordelia. She heard the redhead murmuring “Good girl, you’ve done well. Rest now.” But Minerva wasn’t done yet. She couldn’t let someone other than Michalis just treat her like that. Her hand reached out, pulling one of the arrows from Cordelia’s quiver and pricking the redhead’s shapely thigh. She grinned at the horrified gasp she heard from Cordelia, but she didn’t wait to see her reaction. Minerva pushed the opposing flyer down, pinning her to the ground.

“I see you’re an interesting one. I’m impressed. But I’m not the person to try and enchant. So why don’t you go ahead and let it all out. I’ll change the little girl’s diaper afterwards.” The last part was in a mocking imitation of the motherly voice Cordelia had used early.

Cordelia couldn’t believe it. She felt the magical effect of her arrow take effect instantly as it pricked her: her recently emptied bladder and bowels were bursting again. She barely had time to gasp before she was pinned beneath Minerva. She felt her mess squish around uncomfortably in her diaper, but despite any struggling she had no chance against the wyvern knight. Blushing, she looked up meekly at Minerva as the redhead issued her own commands. Before she could protest, the princesses hand pushed down on her stomach, and Cordelia could only groan as she filled her diaper a second time. A lake’s worth of pee poured out of her, overflowing the protective garment and soaking her white dress translucent and yellowed.

She moaned as the flood of warmth pooled around her thighs, the puddle spreading beneath her and soaking her back and some even reaching her breasts. It felt wonderful. She fought to control her bowels, but there was no hope. Liquid poo escaped, the wet mess caused by her arrows exploding out of her. The diaper was quickly overwhelmed, and she felt sticky mud coating the back of her legs and staining her white dress brown. Looking up at the dominant axe wielder above her, overpowering her, forcing her to soil herself, she could feel herself climax in her diaper. 

As much as she liked dominating, it seemed she had a weakness for powerful axe wielders taking the other side. She blamed Robin. Gasping, she could still feel pleasure coursing through her body, and she reached up and pulled Minerva’s head down to her, kissing the wyvern rider powerfully. The shocked look on Minerva’s face gave her a sense of satisfaction, but a moment later she relaxed back in her own mess, a sharp blow from Minerva taking the consciousness from her.

Minerva looked down at the curious newcomer. She normally didn’t let anyone but Michalis do anything like that to her. She would play with the whitewings, especially Palla, but they were still the submissives in the equation, there was no question. Cordelia had even forced her into a kiss, despite having the control of the situation taken from her…and they had both thoroughly enjoyed both ends of the exchange. She wasn’t used to even caring about someone who wasn’t Michalis or her whitewings…perhaps she just had a soft spot for pegasus knights. With a sigh, she stood. She would need to get cleaned up. Not as badly as the diapered redhead below her, at least.

Planning

Michalis looked down at the roster in front of him, then over at the battlemap that sat upon his desk. Was he ready? Minerva was of course powerful and loyal, and her Whitewings would follow her. Catria, Palla, Est. They were hers, not his, but they would fight. Maria would provide healing. He had no worries about her, other than the danger of placing her near a battlefield. Ishtar would be loyal, save perhaps if the opponents had summoned Julian. But it was quite unlikely they had stooped so low as to use an evil user of the Lopto tome, and even then, it was likely Ishtar would still be on his side. Kagero was easy. She would be loyal, no matter the circumstances. The same for Celica. Her ties had already been broken. The newcomer, Mia…he wasn’t entirely sure yet, but she seemed eager. Among a squad of some of the best fighters in the multiverse she was happy. Old loyalties perhaps…he didn’t think she had much of those, though.

Sheema had nowhere else to go, no other loyalties to follow. Tiki…for all her age and wisdom, she was often quite childish, but she wasn’t stupid. If they found Marth…he was truly unsure if she would stay loyal. That would be a problem. Draug was a friend, so he and Norne would stay. That much was expected. The newcomer, Cordelia…she seemed to like him and his sister very much. What her motives were, he couldn’t say. But she didn’t seem to have much of a connection to anyone but Robin.

And Robin was, as usual, content to agree with him and Draug. Hopefully she wouldn’t be swayed by the female robin or something silly like that. She did request they acquire Titania, but that could likely be arranged. He did have some recruits in mind from some of the more obscure places as well. His only worry was Tiki, it seemed. And the fact that Maria would insist on going into beattle beside them. But he was confident they could protect her, even if every instinct told him to keep his little sister as far away from conflict as possible.

His door opened a bit, and he looked up to see Celica slipping inside. She was fidgeting a bit, moving over to the table where everything was laid out and resting her hands on it, crossing her legs and peering down at the map. The scribbled notes around the world of Archanea caught her eye. “Testing loyalties so soon?” she asked, glancing over at the sheet of soldiers. She spun it around to read the notes on her, looking back up and smiling at Michalis. “Aww, how sweet. You haven’t the slightest doubts about my loyalty. It’s nice to see someone trusts his wife.” She added a bit of pain in her voice at the statement.

“If we do not test them at first, we will find out they are not as strong as we thought at the wrong time, rather than when we choose to test them.” Michalis replied. Both of them knew more of the army had friends or was simply from Archanea than any of the other possible locations. But Michalis wanted them all. He wouldn’t settle for ignoring one world because it might cause tensions.

Celica frowned, but nodded. “I hope it goes well. I don’t…want to have to fight friends again.” She let out a slight gasp as warmth trickled down her leg, and she circled around the desk, plopping down in Michalis’s lap. “If you’re worried about someone, perhaps its best to have Cordelia and her arrows ready. She can likely curb any loyalties issues with her magic.”

“I’m looking for real loyalty, not that brought by some enchanted arrow. But I will keep it in mind for temporary measures, at least. As usual, you make a good point.” Michalis picked up the tiny archer piece from the battlemap, setting it at the back of the allied pieces. “We will head out tomorrow, I think. Everyone will have to be gathered, briefed, and prepared tonight.”

Celica nodded. “I’ll help get everything ready. And pray for our success. We will likely need it.” She rested her head back on Michalis’s chest, looking up at him as she spoke. “But for the moment…impress me, or I might want to go back to Alm after all.” She said coyly, grinning up at him. She relaxed her bladder, and warmth soaked her bottom rapidly, the release coating her thighs in warm liquid as well.

Michalis grinned back at her comment, and felt the warmth of her release. It was good she enjoyed that part of it as much as he did. He would have no problem fulfilling that request. “Of course, dear.” He replied.

From the shadows, Kagero watched. She was a bit jealous, really. She wanted to join in. But her position was to guard from the shadows. Being at his side was Celica and Minerva’s job. Still…the ninja relaxed her powerful muscles, letting the soft poo she had been holding back all day slip into her boyshorts. She held her bottom as she released, basking in the feeling of the mess spreading out across it. A clone appeared behind her, reaching into her shirt and groping her breast while reaching into her panties with its other hand. She could have fun by herself here, she just had to be quiet, as usual.

Scouting

Cordelia soared over what appeared to be a barren wasteland, mounted on her pegasus. Her lance was at her side and her bow slung across her back. She was still in the stupid dress, unfortunately. She hoped no one down below could see up it and notice her diaper. She sat sideways on the pegasus, as one would normally do when riding in a dress. A new dimension had appeared in the dragon’s gate, and it was her job to investigate what was going on in it. It seemed fairly empty, although she could hear sounds of fighting in the distance and could make out a battle. She should hurry.

Fjorn panted with effort. The blonde ice princess leaped forward again, spear lashing out to take down an enemy soldier. But most of her forces were dead, and Surtur was slowly but surely advancing, Laevatain and Loki beside him.

Loki raised her staff as the trio approached, and Fjorn gritted her teeth as fear magic washed over her. She trembled, trying to stand firm, but images of the day her country fell played through her mind, of Surtur striking down her mother and sending her fleeing. Her exposed legs began to glisten with pee as unfamiliar warmth trailed down them, her icy cold body not immune to liquid fear like any other woman. She fell to her knees, fearfully peeing herself. She saw Surtur raise his weapon, and a massive, almost meteorlike fireball appeared above him, slowly taking form. She summoned all the power she could in an effort to save her own life, sending a hundred blasts of ice at it and straining her bowel muscles as she furiously channeled magical energy. But it was to no avail. The meteor came streaking towards her.

A loud pbbllrrtttt was audible as her bowels gave out completely, and she closed her eyes and sniffled as wet liquid mess exploded out of her, overwhelming her light blue panties and staining the back of her skirt, hot, sticky mess trailing down her legs. It was so contrary to the cold she normally felt…the warmth felt good, actually, even if the mess itself was disgusting. At some point, she realized…she wasn’t dead yet. Opening her eyes, she looked up into the face of an extremely beautiful woman…wearing a wedding dress? Well, this was a bad first impression from her end. Here she was completely soiling herself in this brave and attractive woman’s grasp. The redhead asked, “Can you fight?” and Fjorn nodded. She would tell this woman about the debt she owed her later. Being in debt to a beautiful woman couldn’t be that bad.

Cordelia swooped over the battlefield, eyeing up the combatants. The blonde woman’s soldiers were being wiped out by the tide of red armored soldiers. The blonde was quite cute, especially as she fell to her knees and began pissing herself. There was a well endowed woman on the other side who was of interest to her as well. But as the enemy commander launched a giant meteor, saving the blonde was first priority. She needed information, more than anything. She was a scout, and this giant red armored forced was definitely something Michalis would want to know about.

Her pegasus dived as fast as it could, but she knew she would be cutting it close. The meteor loomed as she snatched up the blonde, and she could even feel its heat. She spurred her mount even faster, and the pair barely cleared the meteor before it impacted the spot where her new passenger had been standing. Cordelia became aware she was peeing, the stress of the narrow escape too much for her poor bladder. She sighed as warmth blossomed in her diaper. It felt good, in comparison to the incredibly cold girl she was now carrying. “Can you fight?” she asker her. The woman nodded, and Cordelia spun her pegasus around, heading for the enemy trio. She swooped low, depositing Fjorn onto the ground and drawing her bow. A barrage of arrows lashed out at the enemy commander, but they bounced harmlessly off his armor.

“He has a magical shield! You can’t hurt him!” she heard the blonde yell, so instead she drew forth a different arrow and fired. The commander staggered back, mental influence disrupting his mind and staggering him for the moment. She drew forth her lance and charged the enemy staff user, shrugging off the mental attacks from the woman with ease. Dressed like this, mounting a pegasus, she was incredibly magic resistant. She finished her charge with the lance tip just barely piercing the skin of the enemy caster, stopping expertly before she dealt a lethal blow. She wanted this one alive.

The scantily clad woman let out a cry of fear, badly attempting to block with her staff. Loud, wet farts were audible along with a powerful hissing as she completely soiled herself, the back of her dress bulging out with a lump of warm mess. “How dare you! I am Loki-ah!” Her protest was cut off as Cordelia prodded her with the spearpoint, eliciting another wet fart and the bulge getting a little bigger.

Before she could capture this Loki woman, however, Cordelia spotted the ground heating up and spurred her pegasus backwards. A pillar of fire reached up where she had been a second ago, Surtur’s massive weapon slamming down and narrowly missing her. She gulped as she felt the wind of the mighty blow. She hadn’t even felt the loss of control, but there was definitely a warm mass sitting in her diaper, spreading out along her bottom as she adjusted herself on the pegasus. She’d never have a justification to get out of this stupid diaper if she kept shitting in it…

Drawing out her bow again, she flew up in the air a bit. Surtur was advancing, Loki moving to hide behind him. But he shoved her away with a comment about cowardice, the priestess landing on her bottom with a wet squish. Cordelia took aim at the tearful woman, firing a pair of arrows. The first made her need to relieve herself once again, the most vulnerable state for Cordelia’s magic, and the second one took control of her mind. Terrified and desperate, it was an easy control to secure. As Surtur raised his weapon and began to charge a fireball to throw her way, Cordelia called, “Sleep!” Loki raised a staff, and suddenly Surtur staggered. “You traitourous-!” he managed, before Loki’s sleep magic overtook him.

Loki slowly approached Cordelia. “Mistress, I can’t hold it much longer.” She said, her voice automatically switching to a seductive tone. That wasn’t even from Cordelia’s enchantment. The redhead grinned. She wanted to play with this one, but they needed to leave. “Go ahead, dear. I won’t be mad. Do it before you get on the pegasus.” Loki nodded. Turning, she presented her already soiled purple panties to Cordelia, grunting as she began to push. Another soft mess flowed into the garment, stretching it to the max and leaving a significant lump in her panties. A fresh cascade of pee trickled down her legs as well.

Meanwhile, Fjorn battled Laevatainn. Her spear lashed out again and again against the other woman’s blade, turning it aside again and again. She was an expert at fighting defensively, and Laevataiin only attacked. Eventually, she knocked the woman’s blade free. The enemy generals had mocked her many times as she had an accident while they hid behind her forces, and she mercilessly smashed the woman with her spear, knocking her to the ground. Stepping on her stomach hard, she glared down at the “emotionless” woman. The sound of her messing herself at the impact of Fjorn’s foot was quite audible, and the ice princess grinned. “Not so tough when you aren’t behind your soldiers, now are you? Scared?” she raised her spear to the girl’s throat.

“Of course not.” The girl replied in monotone. But her body betrayed her, and she blushed slightly as she began powerfully peeing as the speartip touched her throat, a puddle forming around her.

“I always knew you were a liar.” Fjorn said, raising her spear. But suddenly, she felt herself being scooped up by her rescuer once again. “What was that for? I had her!” she asked.

“Look.” was all Cordelia replied. Fjorn looked down, and gulped as she saw a massive wave of red armored soldiers overtaking her previous position. She looked over and saw Loki onboard as well, and growled. “What is she doing here?”

“She’s enchanted. I want information from her.” Cordelia replied. The pegasus knight shifted uncomfortably in her messy diaper. “You have a lot of explaining to do as well.”

“Ah…yes, I suppose I do.” Fjorn replied, calming down a bit. “But first…thank you. You saved me there. I am forever in your debt. By the laws of my people, I serve you now…”

Cordelia looked her up and down, and a small smile formed on her face. “Interesting. Well, don’t worry about that part just yet. Hang on, my mount can’t carry all three of us for long.”

*043*2017-12-14 21:02

{{On 12/13/2017 at 12:36 AM, herrokitty said:

I always appreciate your stories, blooper!!

}}

I'm glad. Seeing comments and knowing people are reading and enjoying stuff is great to see. And good motivation to keep doing stuff.

{{On 12/13/2017 at 1:36 PM, Poowrite said:

I read your latest story. It was quite good. I rather enjoyed the effects of the poison in the first bit :3.

Thanks for posting!

}}

Good to see you enjoyed it. Poison is a tool for this sort of thing I've come to enjoy a lot recently, actually.

*044*2017-12-28 12:00

(More one shots. Diaper warning.)

FE Heroes: A Unanticipated Ally(Grima)

Grima awoke with a groan. What happened? She was Grima, she was a goddess! But it seemed she had been summoned. She tried to move, but found she couldn’t Chains so heavy she could barely raise her arms were binding her. She could feel the magic in them, true artifacts of ancient magic. They sealed away her magics. She didn’t even bother trying. Raising her head, she growled at the site of massive flaming man carrying a massive flaming axe. He looked almost like a human volcano.

He was flanked by a woman on each side. One smaller, armed with a blade. The other tall and even more well-endowed then Grima, carrying a staff. She looked herself over. Black pants and shirt still intact, pink underwear still on. She hoped no one had seen those. It was a little embarrassing. White hair was untied, draped along her back. She seemed untouched. So she stared up at her captors with piercing red eyes. “Who are you that dares to bind a god?” she shouted, her voice still carrying its powerful echo. There was no magic in that.

“Ah, I apologize. I have not given a proper introduction. I am Surtur, future king of the world. I have summoned you here, like so many others, to help me in my conquest. I, of course, would not think nor could I bind you to my will like the others. So I have a deal to make you, Grima. I can offer you up your world, the one you could not claim in the end. I already own it. All you have to do…is help me defeat my enemies. Spread my reign across the multiverse. Then I will give you your prize and leave you alone. Sound fair?”

Grima paused. It was a tempting offer. But…who knew if this man was trustworthy. She was no mortal king’s lapdog. “I serve no one.” Grima replied, her voice still fierce.

Surtur sighed. “I feared you would be that way. Well, consider my offer. Until then, you may stay here. I will provide the best accommodations, though you must understand…you will have to stay bound. Between your magical powers and quite incredible inherent strength, you could tear my castle apart if I released you before we came to an agreement.”

“Release me at once, foolish mortal! I will tear you to shreds!” Grima roared, her voice echoing through the mostly empty throne room with incredible volume. The smaller swordswoman’s face remained impassive, but her legs did not stay dry. A fearful flood of pee sprayed out of her at the roar, and she stood quietly as she soaked herself. The other woman was not so composed. She let out a cry of fear, grasping her bottom as there was an audible pbblllrrrtttt, the woman able to do nothing as she felt a weight instinctively drop into her panties. As she felt the heaviness settle, she could detect warmth flowing down her legs as well. Blushing brightly, she stifled any more sounds as she stood and completely soiled herself.

“She needs time to contemplate. Loki, take her to her quarters.” The clearly shaken woman nodded, clutching her staff tightly. She approached, saying a few words of magic, and suddenly everything went black.

Grima opened her eyes. She was sitting in a well furnished room, something appropriate to a royal bedroom. She tried to stand, and found she could move around a bit this time. Not much, but some. Worse, she had to pee. But that could wait. There was a chamberpot in the corner. Looking around, she spotted a tall pink haired woman sitting on the edge of the bed. Before she could say anything, the woman spoke. “Hello. I’m Gunnthra. A dreamer. Who might you be? It seems we’ll be sharing quarters for the forseeable future. They bring food three times a day, and if you need to use the chamberpot, just ask the guards outside. They’ll help you do it in those chains. I’m not strong enough, myself…”

Grima wasn’t sure how to take this. Stuck in here with some woman she didn’t know? Asking for help to use the chamberpot. She could never do such a thing. She would do it herself. “My name is Grima.” She reluctantly replied. “I’m…just a dragon.” She hated selling herself short, but it was just too embarrassing to admit she was a goddess restrained like this. Turning away, she slowly moved, trying to get a better feel for her bonds.

Grunnthra tried to make small talk as the time passed, but for the most part Grima ignored her. By the time someone came to deliver supper, Grima could feel her bladder’s need growing urgent. She wished she could hold herself somehow. But when she had risen and moved towards the pot a bit, she realized there was no possible way she could get down her pants and panties in these chains. It simply wasn’t possible. She would have to hold it until she found a way to escape.

A tall, muscled blonde woman entered, wearing rune inscribed armor and carrying a vicious looking sword at her side. “Eat up, you two.” She declared, setting plates of food down. “Grima, I’ll help. You can’t eat like that.”

“I can do it myself!” Grima growled. At her voice, she saw a flash of surprise and a small wet spot grow on the woman’s face and pants, respectively. But as Grima hobbled over and tried to eat, she only managed to spill food down herself like a messy child. Grunnthra sighed, wiping Grima up with a napkin and shaking her head. “I’m helping.” She declared. Despite Grima struggling, she was eventually forced to sit back and allow herself to be fed. This was the most humiliating thing that had ever happened to her. She was being fed like a little girl. She was a goddess! She didn’t even realize she was pouting, adding all the more to the impression of a child. The guard watched with some amusement at the scene.

Once the meal was finished, she moved over to Grunnthra. “Do you need a change?” she asked. The woman nodded, and the guard pulled open a closet to reveal a changing area. Grima could see that Grunnthra’s diaper was quite heavily used. After the guard changed her, she turned to Grima. “Do you need to go?” The goddess shook her head. The guard looked at her curiously, but shrugged and left the room, taking the food with them. After she did, Grima let out a gasp, crossing her legs as she sat on the bed. It was getting worse. It felt like a water balloon was building up inside of her and soon enough she would pop.

“Why are you dressed in that?” She asked her cellmate. “You aren’t restrained from relieving yourself.”

“It’s a bit embarrassing, but… I’m quite incontinent. I spend so much time out of my body, in dreams, that I have little control over it anymore.” She blushed, smiling sheepishly. “But don’t worry. They’re enchanted, you won’t smell anything.” Grima nodded. She decided that was the end of the conversation.

That night, Grima tossed and turned. She could barely get to sleep. It felt like an incredible weight was weighing her down. She would not have an accident. She was the greatest being in the universe, the mighty dragon god of ruin! She would not use her clothes as a toilet like the worthless mortal imprisoned with her. Finally, she managed to fall into the throes of sleep.

Her dreams were unpleasant. Waterfalls, swimming, all kinds of awful things. In each one she felt like she might burst. Every time she tried to find somewhere to relieve herself, her dream faded, just as she was lowering her pants. Finally, she found herself back in her world. She was staring down Cordelia, her love, and Robin, her vessel and husband to her love. She could only watch in horror as the old her was struck down by the giant man’s axe, banished from the plane she deserved to rule, her power commandeered by her unworthy vessel. It was too much. Her considerable bladder began to empty, warmth soaking her tight pants all too rapidly. Her considerable bladder left quite the puddle beneath her, and she could even feel some run up her back. But she was standing, that didn’t-

Grima jerked awake. In a panic, she felt around her. She had done it. She had wet the bed. The strongest dragon, an actual god…had wet her bed. It took all she had not to burst into tears right there. Still, a few sobs escaped. Beside her, Grunnthra rose, wrapping an arm around her. “Its alright…everyone has an accident sometimes. Even dragons. I’ll take the blame, alright? My diaper leaked, that’s all.” The woman pushed, and Grima could see her diaper expand to capacity, almost entirely yellowed. Grima found this position a bit awkward. Her companion wore only her diaper to bed, and she was pressed up against her considerable breast. The only one for her was Cordelia. She pushed away, giving a muttered, “Thanks.” It was grudging, but she gave it.

The next morning, the same woman brought breakfast. Once again, Grunnthra fed her, and then the guard changed Grunnthra. She left a change of clothing, and Grima was helped to change by her companion. As promised, Grunnthra had taken the blame, and Grima was not suspected of having an accident. When questioned, Grunnthra claimed she had helped her with the pot. “You know, I can actually help you use it, I think. It was easier than I thought to help with your clothes.” Grunnthra told her, after the guard left. Once Grima was changed, the pink haired woman returned to her work. Throughout the day, Grima could feel her bowels growing in need. Her bladder was there again, ever present, but the true problem was her bowels. She couldn’t hide that. Occasionally, she farted, making her a bit more embarrassed about the situation. Grunnthra had to know she was nearing her limit.

After lunch, she couldn’t take it any more. She could feel the tip of a log of poo poking out of her bottom, and she made her best attempt at clutching it desperately. A few small farts escaped her. “Grunnthra please, I need help!” she whined, her voice no longer holding the power it normally carried. It sounded like a desperate child’s, instead. Grunnthra rose immediately. Grima could tell the woman had shit herself recently, and she very badly did not want to join her. The pink haired woman quickly helped her over to the chamber pot. Just as she lowered the dragonesses pants down, Grima felt her bowels give out. No no no! This couldn’t be happening! A large log of poo slipped out, fully into her panties. Another followed rapidly behind, then another, then another. She could hear herself farting, feel the warm mass settle in her pink panties. It was too much. She started crying. “I couldn’t hold it…” she mourned.

At dinner, the guard brought a fresh pair of clothes and a warning. “We provide you with facilities. Use them. We do not have infinite clothes.” Grunnthra helped her change. It was the worst feeling, a woman cleaning dried, disgusting mess off of her bottom. Before bed, Grunnthra asked if she needed to relieve herself. Grima couldn’t bring herself to say yes. That night, she had the same dream. She woke up in the morning with the bed just as soaked.

Grunnthra covered for her again. The next day passed without incident. The next morning was the same. Grunnthra couldn’t keep excusing her. She admitted her failure. It just kept getting worse. She was a bedwetting goddess now. She was fed like a child, wet the bed like a child, cried like a child…how could it get worse.

It could. The guard came back with orders. “If you refuse to use what we give you, we will treat you the same as your companion.” They took the chamberpot from the room. Next time Grunnthra changed her, she changed her into a diaper. Grima couldn’t even protest. Grunnthra’s touch had her under control now. Later that night, she used her diaper for the first time. It was messy. She pushed out soft mush into the childish garment, unable to stop herself. When she cried, Grunnthra kissed her forehead and told her everything would be alright. She even started wearing her diaper without any pants, just like Grima was forced too. Grima felt a bit better every time she watched Grunnthra unknowingly push a load of poo into her diaper. At least she was better than that.

But even that didn’t hold. She wet the bed every night. Eventually, she started messing the bed. Every morning she woke up in a full diaper, front soaked with cold piss and bottom heavy with a significant weight of shame. Her accidents became more frequent. She was messing herself almost every day, and wetting herself at least one in between changes. She couldn’t even feel it anymore…it just came. Sometimes, she dreamed of Grunnthra. But she forced those images aside. She could only think of Cordelia like that. Maybe…maybe Cordelia would rescue her from this.

She saw Surtur a few times. Seeing him renewed the fire in her. Each time was a vehement denial, despite her baby dragon covered padding. The fourth time…he slammed his axe into the ground, and she gasped in shock as she felt herself messing. Normally she would have been fine through something like that…she was meek the rest of the time. The next few times, he waited until she was desperate. Her let her dance in front of him until she finally broke, unable to keep from soiling her diaper like a child. Still, she did not submit. It was impressive, really, if she weren’t sitting in a used child’s garment.

One day, the door opened. But instead of the guard calmly walking in, she tumbled inside, face a mask of terror. She was in the process of soiling her once pristine leather pants, and a moment later a knife took her in the chest, silencing her before she could cry out. In the doorway stood a ninja, dressed in dark clothes and holding a deadly looking dagger. Both women felt their bowels drop out at the same time. Two loud ppppbbttt, two smelly loads deposited in diapers.

Both of them soaked themselves as well, Grima’s wetting outsizing Grunnthra’s thanks to her larger capacity. The ninja put a finger to her lips, and neither girl dared speak. Two more of the same ninja entered, a pair picking up Grima while the other scooped up Grunnthra. Grima couldn’t believe it. One of the ninja farted loudly as they did so, but they did it. They picked up the dragoness and all her chains. Along the way, she could hear the sounds of both messing themselves from the strain. It made her feel a little better.

Once they left the complex, the ninja smiled down at them and gave each a kiss. Grima wanted to be mad, but she felt consciousness fading from her.

When she awoke, she gasped in surprise. Cordelia was standing above her, dressed in a pure white wedding dress, pristine. She tried to get up, and realized her chains were gone. The evil dragoness had no qualms about leaping to her feet and wrapping her arms around Cordelia. “Thank god you found me! I thought I’d never see you again!”

“Its alright, I’ve got you now. You aren’t going anywhere.” Cordelia replied. “I see you’ve…had a bit of an attire change while you were away.”

Grima paused, filled with dread. She looked down. Yep, diapers. It had been real, not some figment before Cordelia rescued her. “I…he made me use them! Get this off me right now!”

Cordelia giggled. “I don’t know, it looks so good on you. How about we try it out for a bit, alright?”

“W-what!? No, you can’t!” Grima protested. Cordelia giggled again. “I’m just teasing, silly.” She kissed Grima, the dragoness eagerly meeting her lips. Suddenly, a hissing sound was audible. Cordelia stepped back, looking down with concern. The front of Grima’s diaper was yellowing rapidly with pee. “Or…maybe I wasn’t.” she said with a wide eyed look.

*045*2018-01-09 19:57

Falling Into Place

(More random heroes nonsense, somewhat advancing the plot.)

Michalis smiled as Anna entered the private meeting room. He didn’t ask how she got here without attracting suspicion from the summoner and the Askr royals. The redhead was quite capable. He motioned to the seat opposite, then took a sip of the wine in front of him. “It was good of you to join me, Commander Anna.” He said, smiling.

The redhead stared at him suspiciously. She started to reach for the drink, but thought better of it and put her hands on the table. “What do you want, Michalis? It had better be good, I’m walking into the middle of your whole damn army for this. If I disappear-“

“I would never do such a thing to a lady. Rest assured, I will not stop you from leaving.” Michalis replied evenly. So untrustworthy. He supposed it came from being a businesswoman. “Please, drink.” He flicked a gold coin across the table, the money rolling to a stop right before Anna. She raised an eyebrow, but picked up the coin, examining it before pocketing it and taking a long drink.

For a few minutes, Michalis started innocently. “it has come to our attention that Surtur, a man with forces larger than either of ours, has declared his goal of conquering the multiverse and wiping you and your friends from existence. We would like to offer our assistance in destroying them. We even have…a prisoner, one of their royals. She has told us all we could ever need to know about Surtur and his forces. “

Anna’s eyes lit up a bit at the offer. They were having…serious trouble dealing with Surtur’s forces. If Michalis sent his elite fighters to help, they could almost certainly win a war they were losing. But there was always a catch. “What is it you want in return?” she asked, suspicion still heavy in her voice. Unconsciously, she felt herself crossing her legs and squirming in her seat. She felt the strong urge to relieve herself when there had been none before. Probably the drink. But Anna was used to giving clients what they wanted.

“What I want in return? I simply want Surtur’s domain, and all he ruled over. When we win that battle, it will be mine. Because I, not Surtur am the one who will rule this multiverse.” Michalis’s fist slammed down on the table, a perhaps too excited smile on his face.

Anna bit back a cry at the impact. She felt warmth suffuse her crotch, and realized she was forcefully peeing her pants in response to the loud sound. Blushing, she tried to stop it, but to no avail. Pee puddled around her bottom on the chair, some spilling off. “I’m sorry, you started me.” She told him meekly, playing the part she thought she was supposed. “But…your offer is agreeable. We will take it.” She hated giving land away to the enemy, but they desperately needed the help.

Michalis grinned at Anna’s accident, and even more at her agreement. “Good, good. I’m glad you see some sense. I’ve got another offer for you, Anna. And only you.” Reaching into a bag beside him, Michalis pulled out a replica of Iote’s shield. Except it was made of solid gold. He set it down on the table with a resounding thud. The furniture seemed barely able to support it. “Consider this a down payment. There will be four times this much in coinage when the mission is complete. I want you to obey me without question. Once we defeat Surtur, I will have to face down the Order of Heroes. You will help me. Sabotage them, lead them into a trap, give them false information, whatever I need. I won’t ask you to strike down your friends, but I will ask you to betray them.”

Anna’s mouth nearly hit the floor as Michalis set the heaviest chunk of gold she had ever seen in her life on the table. She wondered if she could even lift it. She was sure he would give her help if she couldn’t. Running her hand along it, she smiled. It was solid gold. Her merchant senses were never wrong. She sighed, thinking of Kiran and Alfonse and Sharena…she’d have to apologize to them after. The redhead looked back at Michalis with a grin. “What would you have me do?”

Michalis rose, walking around the table. “Why don’t you get those wet clothes off, and we’ll discuss in a more comfortable setting.”

Anna nodded and rose. This was, at least, nothing new. Although…she walked up to the larger man, pressing against him and moving his hand to her bottom. Grunting, she pushed soft mess into her panties, bulging out her red pants significantly as she emptied everything she had into them. She could feel his hand squish it around as she shit herself. It was gross, but that was fine. She could feel his arousal. “That’s what you wanted, right?”

“Good girl.” He replied.

Meanwhile….

Cordelia walked into the library, Grima hiding slightly behind her. She spotted Celica, walking over to the other redhead with a purpose. “Celica…those people we rescued…one of them I know. We have a weapon now, more powerful than we could have expected. I need to show you.”

Celica looked up with interest. She peered at the girl hiding behind Cordelia. Grima seemed a powerful spellcaster, but that was all, and while she might be mighty in dark magic she wasn’t as strong as Celica or Ishtar. The redhead shot a glance at the other mage, who sat across the room quietly reading. What secrets did this girl, hiding behind Cordelia have? She didn’t seem to be diapered anymore, unlike when they found her. Still, Celica was intrigued. They had a lot of fighting ahead of them, and she and Michalis would appreciate any power they could find. Celica stood. “Alright, show me.”

“You’ll have to come with me. We need to move somewhere nothing can be destroyed, and where no one will see. Come to the basement mass combat training area with me.”

Celica nodded. “Let’s go.”

Before they left, Ishtar’s voice chimed in. “May I go with you, Lady Celica? I would like to meet our new companion.”

Celica frowned. She didn’t like Ishtar. She didn’t like how close she was getting to Michalis, or how she seemed to adore him. All kings had their concubines, and Michalis had repeatedly explained to her he had to keep dominance over the women here, keep them in line. But she didn’t like Ishtar in particular. Maybe because she was better than her. That she had so far avoided having accidents in combat when Celica was watching. It reminded her too much of bad memories, and picking continent girls over her. But…there was no reason to deny her. She could tell Ishtar was staring quite curiously at the other tall, powerfully built white haired girl. Grima peeked out from behind Cordelia, looking like a child hiding behind its mother. “Of course, Lady Ishtar.”

Ishtar smiled, approaching Cordelia and the new recruit. She seemed almost like an abandoned or abused child, finally reclaimed. That thought and her looks reminded Ishtar all too much of herself, when she was a child. Carefully reaching out, she took Grima’s hand. “What’s your name, dear?”

Grima looked Ishtar up and down. As soon as she touched her hand, she could feel the powerful holy blood pumping through Ishtar’s veins. This one was like her. Enough power to make any normal human insignificant, but confined into dealing with them just as any other. She was also beautiful. Perhaps she should tell Cordelia to include her at some point. But she shouldn’t have to ask Cordelia for anything! She was Grima! Separating from Cordelia, smiled up at Ishtar. “My name is Grima. Its wonderful to meet you, Lady Ishtar.” The four women started on their way, walking through the large complex. As they started off, Grima now clinging to Ishtar instead of Cordelia, the redhead frowned and quickly brushed Ishtar with one of her arrows as they started off. Perhaps an accident would dissuade Grima.

Ishtar didn’t seem too troubled by her now full bladder and bowels, but Grima wasn’t so lucky. She may not have been enchanted by Cordelia, but the dragoness squirmed unconsciously as she walked. She looked even more the part of a desperate child now, standing beside the towering Ishtar instead of Cordelia, who she outsized. Even the tall dragoness couldn’t outsize Ishtar. Soon enough, she was tugging on Ishtar’s shoulder. “I need to pee…” she whispered urgently. She had to prove she didn’t need those diapers.

Ishtar frowned. “Michalis doesn’t really-“ her reply was cut off as she looked down; below Grima’s armored body and skirt, her shapely legs were coated in a glistening yellow. Grima followed Ishtar’s gaze, and felt herself tearing up. “It’s alright, don’t cry.” Ishtar told her, hugging the dragoness close. Sniffling, Grima nodded. She let Ishtar continue leading her.

Eventually, the group reached the huge underground cavern. The place wasn’t furnished at all, and the whole area showed signs of battle damage. Celica turned to Cordelia. “All right, what’s so impressive you have to show us down here?” she asked.

“Me.” Grima replied. A dark aura surrounded her body, and she walked away from the others towards the center. It had been a long time since she had been allowed to transform, to flex her power. Her form shifted and grew as she walked, and turning to face the trio was a giant black dragon, the size of a ship of the line or a large building. “I am the wings of despair! I am the breath of ruin! I am Grima!” she roared, and fear washed over the trio like a tsunami.

Celica didn’t even need the fear. She remember this dragon. She and her companions had unleashed it from the bottom of the largest dungeon in the known world, the labyrinth beneath Thabes. It had never been meant to see the light of day. It had decimated their group of powerful warriors, vanishing into the night sky and never reappearing. But it was here. Just like last time, the sight of it and the sheer power was too much for her. All she could do was whimper as she pushed a massive load of soft poo into her panties, fearful release mushing inside her panties and some managing to escape, falling to the ground around her as she fell back in fear. Her bladder gushed out with similar ferocity, her white skirt rapidly soaking as a puddle formed around her. She threw her hands up in a desperate attempt to protect herself, cowering at the sight.

Ishtar looked up in awe at the sight. Was this Loptyr, come to show her she was doing what Julian would have wanted? If Michalis commanded Loptyr himself, then surely he could only be the reincarnation of her husband. Loptyr was stuck inside that poor, frightened woman. She would have to take very good care of her. As Grima’s feat washed over her, Ishtar obediently basked in it. She couldn’t stop herself as piss streamed down her legs, soaking her panties and unleashing a waterfall beneath her dress. She was already pushing as she felt a heavy weight involuntarily drop into her panties, slowly expanding and stretching the fabric too capacity.

Cordelia didn’t fare too much better, despite expecting it. She didn’t try to fight it, just let the magical fear wash over her and push a lake of pee and several solid lumps of poo into her diaper. She resisted the urge to touch herself, watching with amusement at the other two’s fearful reactions.

Grima smiled as she felt her magic channel. It was good to be back. Suddenly, she felt a heavy weight descend into her panties. And more was on its way. She couldn’t stop it while channeling power, it seemed like a byproduct…no no no! This was unacceptable! Her form shrunk to its human size again, Grima falling to her knees and sobbing as she continued to push soft mess into her panties. She could barely use her power without having an accident. Damn it all!

Ishtar quickly rose, rushing to Grima’s side. She helped her up, holding her close and letting her cry into her breasts. “We all had accidents. I did just what you wanted. Don’t feel too bad, okay. I’m here for you.” Grima sniffled, but the line just what you wanted stuck out to her. She smiled a bit, hugging Ishtar tightly.

*046*2018-01-12 11:05

A couple of random Smite stories as build up for me and Linkxs new smite rp.

Forces of Nature: The Bear

(Hopefully this does a good job of demonstrating Artio being calm and neutral in human form, and extremely emotional in bear form. I am a bit concerned this is more a story about Tyra than Artio though. Hopefully that’s not the case.)

Rana moved carefully through the forest, spear in hand. Whatever was causing a disturbance in Artio’s territory had to still be around here. Something had been hunting, hunting enough to wake the Bear Goddess. Thousands of dead creatures, corpses left across the forest that she called her home. Artio had immediately sent her druids out to investigate the matter. Kate, her sister, was somewhere above her, taking the form of a bird to scout overhead. Pushing through the relatively thick underbrush, Rana gasped as she came upon a dead bear. Rushing to its side, she set her spear down, running her hands over the beast. Focusing, she let out a sigh of relief a moment later. It wasn’t one of Artio’s druids, just a simple bear. Still, they were the goddesses favored creatures. This could not be allowed to happen. Whatever had done this had fired a single shot, its arrow ripping apart the bears head. There were traces of odd energy…

The sound of a lightning bolt was audible. Rana moved with practiced ease. She was no stranger to fighting mages, and Artio’s druids were well warded against the elements. She snatched up her staff, rolling out of the way of the incoming lightning- “Aaaaaaah!” Everything was pain. She knew she had dodged the bolt. But even proximity to the massive projectile was too much for her poor mortal body. She writhed in pain, electricity coursing through her nerves and muscles and stealing from her any control she had over her body. Her spear fell from her twitching grasp. She could feel warmth spreading in her hide pants, helplessly soaking her legs. She fell to her knees, her pants beginning to weigh down as her spasming muscles pushed a series of solid logs of shit into her primitive panties. She coughed up blood. All her wards, all her agility…none of it mattered. A moment later, an arrow ripped her apart in a burst of psionic energy.

Kate heard the crash of lightning, then Rana scream. She turned, watching in horror as the druid convulsed. She started to swoop down, her eagle’s wings tilting into a dive, but then an arrow tore Rana apart. All she could feel was cold fear seep into her bones. She was pissing herself. It wouldn’t show until she transformed back into her human form, but she knew she had soaked her breeches. Even in her transformed state, she could feel the warm sticky liquid coating her legs. At least she was alive. She spotted Rana’s killer, a woman with bright blue eyes, pure white skin, and fiery red hair. She carried a bow decorated with shooting stars. Her eagle’s eyes could even read the inscription from here: “Contrail”. It even lived up to its name, a trail of energy showing the path its arrow took from the bow to Rana.

She had to warn Artio. Flapping her wings she began to fly higher, desperate to escape. She sent a message, magically giving orders to a nearby eagle to carry her message. “Its an archer, she’s just to the south of the grove! She has blue-“ Before she could finish, she felt the magic around her fade away. Her message was cut off, and her eagle form faded away. In its place was a plain looking druid, long brown hair in a disarray from the winds and tan hide pants soaked with liquid fear. And then, she was falling. Letting out a scream, she desperately tried to transform, to cast a spell to save herself. But none of it was working. She looked down and saw the ground approaching all too quickly. She couldn’t help it. She began shamefully pushing logs of poop into her panties. What would Rana think if she saw her like this? That was her last thought before she struck the ground and joined her sister in death.

The woman lowered her hand, the glowing silver symbol in it fading to its normal hue. She slipped the medallion away, its faint light and dark blue sapphire vanishing into the darkness of her belt pouch. Looking between the two fallen druids, she shook her head. “Inferior. Neither worth my time or attention.” She shot one last glance at the retreating eagle, carrying Kate’s final message. Turning away, she didn’t even bother retrieving her arrow before she vanished into the woods.

A few minutes later, the sound of the eagle’s message reached Artio. The great Bear Mother, the personification of Ursa Major, sat in a druid’s grove, meditating as she awaited news from her druids. A blue archer? That was who was causing all of this madness? It sounded like Kate was in trouble. Hopping to her feet, Artio transformed, the shapechange as natural as putting on a new pair of shoes for a normal human. Her now massive bear body lunged forward at incredible speed, huge strides tearing her way through the forest. Whatever this hunter was doing here…she was about to become the hunted.

A short while later, Artio reached the location where Kate’s message had been sent from. For once, she felt sadness as she looked upon the two fallen druids. They were her worshippers, and they had been hunted like all the rest. Her eyes settled on the figure above them. A woman, icy in form, knelt above Rana, examining her corpse. She carried a bow across her back. Skadi. A blue archer! “You dare to hunt my beasts! You dare to hurt my followers! I will make you pay!” Artio roared, the rage of nature suffusing her. This…this…worthless woman of winter was the one causing her so much pain? The bear charged.

“What? Artio, I came to warn, not-“ Skadi’s protests were cut off by the roar of an enraged, charging bear. Its power washed over her, and it was all she could do to not be stunned by the sound. There was a loud hissing as pee trickled down her legs, soaking them as she wet uncontrollably in fear at the sound. How could she even hope to fight that thing?! She managed to call upon her powers, summoning a slick sheet of ice in Artio’s path.

Skadi and her tricks. Always so annoying, so pointless. Nothing could stand against nature’s power. Artio slid along the ice, swiping at Skadi as she came. But the icy huntress dodged to the side, narrowly avoiding the mighty bear’s claws. More pee sprayed out of her. Sliding to a stop, Artio rose up on her hind legs, roaring again. She leaped forward, but Skadi returned fire this time, and Artio had to focus her attention on deflecting the other goddess’s arrows. Rage was still pumping inside of her, and she could barely bring herself to block. She just wanted to tear this bitch to pieces for what she had done.

Suddenly, Skadi froze. A loud pbbblllrrrttt sound made it quite clear what was happening as she helplessly pushed soft mush into her underwear. “Scared?!” Artio roared, grinning with ferocious pleasure. “You should be!” She started forward, but Skadi’s face was twisted in abject terror. And more importantly, it wasn’t looking at her. “She’s here…” the huntress said quietly. She turned and ran, the bulge on her bottom growing as she fled. “Come back here!” Artio roared. The goddess went down on all four to charge after her, but before she could continue she felt the impact of a dozen arrows in her back.

Letting out a roar of pain, she tried to turn. Those arrows had hurt far more than anything she had ever felt in a long, long time. Already poison was seeping into her veins from them. Poison shouldn’t have any effect on her, but whatever this was…it was working. Pee dampened her panties. She felt sick to her stomach from the poison, and though it wasn’t noticeable in bear form, her human form let out a wet fart, spraying the inside of her panties with liquid poo. She was the greatest goddess of nature, she would not soil herself! She would destroy whoever dared to touch her hide with their pitiful arrows!”

Staggering, the great bear managed to turn herself. On the edge of the clearing stood a woman, almost human but a bit too perfect, free of blemishes and imperfections. This was the destroyed of nature, the despoiler of Artio’s land. The bear roared, sound loud enough to shake the trees. “You will die!” The archer faltered. The bear charged.

Tyra gasped in surprise as the bear’s roar washed over her. She wasn’t used to being scared. Some of these goddesses were immensely powerful, and luckily Tyra had come prepared for such an eventuality. She couldn’t show any weakness if she were to tame these women. But this bear goddess was powerful, and scary. Warmth soaked her crotch as the Godhunter peed powerfully into her panties, saturating the fabric. But it stopped before it could go any further.

All traces of fear and her accident vanished as her magic dealt with the problem. The fear and the release would return. But it would be at a later time, not in front of anyone. It wasn’t the most elegant solution, but she couldn’t afford to show weakness, and she wasn’t wearing any sort of protective garment. Especially in shorts. Besides, this fear, this release, was quite thrilling. She so rarely felt such a thing. Raising her hand, she held the medallion out, its sapphire once again lighting up as it forced her foe back into her human form.

Artioa smiled with satisfaction as she saw that this time, her foe didn’t flee. She would-suddenly, she was changing. Her fur became flesh, her claws dull fingernails, her four legs two. She came to a halt, staring at the woman in front of her in horror. How could she force her into human form!? Well, no matter. She would strike her down with magic, then. The goddess raised her staff, summoning entangling vines to wrap around Tyra and a pulse of life draining energy to sap her strength and make escape impossible. But her magic didn’t come. The poison reacted powerfully to the casting, and she doubled over, throwing up on the ground. Her bowels churned, and she felt liquid mess start to spill out.

She was a goddess, she couldn’t be soiling herself. This was impossible. But it was happening. She tried to stand, but she couldn’t. As she looked up, she saw the woman approaching her, bow slung over her shoulder and plain gray dagger in hand. She tried to call upon her magic again, but all she felt was rising sickness. Her opponents face showed confidence, and perhaps a little disdain. That was the last straw. Her bowels started fully moving, wet, sticky diarrhea staining her legs as she began to fearfully void her bowels. She tried to channel magic again, and it spurted out harder. The wet, disgusting feeling of her shit coating her legs and bottom, helplessly having an accident like a child when she was supposed to be the most powerful thing in this forest…she just wanted to curl up and cry.

Suddenly, she felt herself lifted up. The woman who had done this to her grinned, looking directly into her tearful eyes. A hand groped her bottom, not that it was possible to make the mess any worse than it already was. “It seems they don’t potty train their goddesses here. How about it, Artio? Do you think you deserve to be wielding any power here? To even be wearing those big girl panties of yours?”

Artio blushed fiercely. She would not be mocked. It was all because of that poison. “You are just a coward who uses poison. Some trick to make this happen. Your words mean nothing.” Her voice was even as she replied. But she was scared. No one had ever handled her like this before, forced her to humiliate herself. She hated it.

“Oh really?” the woman holding her replied. Raising the dagger in her hand, she pressed the tip against Artio’s neck. The goddess let out a slight gasp of fear, despite her best efforts. The wet spot on her panties doubled in size. The woman slid the knife down, cutting open Artio’s clothes and exposing her considerable breasts. The blade created a thin trail of blood down Artio’s chest, ever so slightly piercing skin. No knife, no matter how heavily enchanted, should be able to do that! Artio knew it was over. As the blade cut her flesh, she finally succumbed to fear. It all came out at once. Her diarrhea redoubled, and her bladder came pouring out full force, trails of glistening yellow urine staining her pristine white legs for the first time she could remember. Tears began to fall, the proud goddess unable to believe what was happening. “W-why are you doing this to me…” she asked weakly. All the strength, all the fight, was gone from her.

“Because you are mine. You are all mine. And I will do what I please with you until you learn to obey.” Tyra told her. Her hand moved down, caressing Artio’s now soaked crotch as she continued to pee. “You will learn to enjoy weakness.” The archer declared, and suddenly Artio felt some unseen hand caressing her exposed breasts, fondling them. She couldn’t help but let out a soft moan. She felt the hilt of the dagger press into her most private place, through the barely there fabric of her soaked panties, and there was nothing she could do but cry out with pleasure as Tyra brought her to a climax as she finished using her clothes as a toilet.

Tyra carefully set her bow down in its usual place. She looked around the room, undisturbed since she had left it. It seemed Lelina hadn’t been back since she left. She would do it now then. There were no kids left to catch her. She missed them, every one. She would need to find more. She didn’t know what she would do, cooped up in here all day. But for now…

The red-haired woman stripped out of her clothes, except for her lacy black panties. She sat down on the bed, one hand on her breast and the other reaching inside her panties. Then she let it all come back. The roar, the fear, the charging beast…she gasped aloud and instinctively threw up a hand to protect herself. The adrenaline, the fear…all of it rushed through her. It felt good. Pee gushed out of her, with all the force and panic that it had had back when Artio was actually charging her.

Her panties were soaked instantly, a puddle forming on the bed and spreading, soaking her legs. She was rubbing herself through the wet panties, moaning in pleasure…she felt her fear reach its height and her body push a soft, warm mass into her panties, staining them heavily. She cried out in pleasure, and a second liquid soaked her panties as she collapsed backwards, panting. She could barely remember the last time she had been frightened into pooping herself like that. She hadn’t even realized that was going to happen.

Lelina watched from the scrying sensor, grinning as her wife pleasured herself, relived her earlier fear. She felt a bit bad, really, using Tyra’s techniques against her. She had loved her, once. But seeing her secretly filling her panties, hiding such thoughts even from Lelina…it was quite exciting. Controlling power had always been something Lelina enjoyed, and the Godhunter was quite the prize.

Forces of Nature: The Earth

(Rape warning? Woman to woman, she’s certainly enjoying it, and this plot arch is basically all about mind rape anyway, but its still pretty weird so warnings are required.)

Terra smashed another one of the glowing purple creatures to bits. Whatever these things were, they needed to die. They had no right to be in the domain of one of her granddaughters. One of them had already vanished, snatched away by some unknown force. She could not let them take more.

Earlier, Terra had awoken to something…missing. One of her daughters had vanished. So she rose from her circle of standing stones and went to investigate. When she arrived, all that was left was a mysterious trail of magical energy and a few of these ectoplasmic…things. After smashing them to bits, she hadn’t found any trace of her daughter. Whatever had taken her had left through a means that did not require traveling over the earth. But she could feel an intrusion in Minerva’s realm. Her wisest, and perhaps strongest daughter was next.

When she arrived, she had found an army of these purple things. They had already subdued Minerva’s warriors, most of the armored women suspended in fields of purple energy. She momentarily tried to free them, but to no avail. It appeared most of them hadn’t been as brave as they claimed- the smell in the area was horrible. Reluctantly, Terra left them be. She had lots of enemies to smash.

The creatures posed little threat to Terra’s rock-hard body. She rampaged through them, ignoring their attacks. She could occasionally feel mental attacks as well, but thankfully Minerva’s domain protected her from such thing. Her daughter’s powerful will created a mighty barrier against such things.

The army of constructs seemed never ending. Even Terra was beginning to tire of the creatures. She was slowly pushing her way towards Minerva’s castle, but the going was so slow with these things underfoot. So she reared up to her full height, and brought a massive fist crashing down. The earth shook, cracks opening up from within and swallowing up hundreds of the golems. But suddenly, her attack was thrown off. She could feel threats appearing. Some in her domain, some in the domains of her other daughters. A lance of pain shot through her body, and the earth calmed. They had destroyed her outermost standing stone. Damn it! She had to go back. Minerva could handle herself. Summoning her power, she prepared to dive into the earth, but…she felt Minerva’s barrier fade. She stopped. She couldn’t leave her daughter is she was in that much trouble. With a grimace, she signaled to all of her earth elementals within her own domain to rise up and fight. They would have to be enough.

Luckily, her quake had lasted long enough to deal with a large number of the enemies. It was much faster going, cutting through the swarm towards Minerva’s sanctuary. Now, however, she could feel their mental attacks prying at her mind, and it was getting weaker, bit by bit. Still, she was almost there. As she reached the castle door, she found one last guardian standing in her way. A woman dressed in a tight-fitting bodysuit, her form as perfect as one of the gods. Like all Elan, she had bright blue eyes and red hair. Terra felt herself drawn into those eyes, unable to look away.

“You will do exactly as I say.” The Elan told her, and she found herself unable to refuse. She found herself crouching as psionic energy coursed through her, and a sudden, unbearable pain in her stomach led to her forcefully pushing. There was a series of loud and wet farts as she pushed magically conjured liquid poo into her clothes. It was warm and sticky, spreading across her bottom and falling down her legs. She grunted again, intentionally pushing out more of the disgusting mess. She couldn’t believe what was happening. She had birthed the Titans. There was nothing greater than her. She had never gone to the bathroom in her clothes before. But there was no denying the reality as she obediently cooperated with the void bowels spell. “Now follow.” The Elan commanded, and she obeyed.

Minerva panted with effort. Whoever this intruder is, she was strong. She had entered with a bow, but cast it aside in favor of a plain gray dagger when Minerva had met her in melee combat. There was no way such a weapon, unenchanted, could harm Minerva, but so far it seemed to be blocking her weapon just fine, despite the fact she was wielding a holy artifact. As she raised her spear to strike again, she was taken completely by surprise. Her opponent unleashed a dragon’s breath weapon.

A powerful bolt of lightning streaked across the battlefield. It was all Minerva could do to desperately dive out of the way. She could feel the power of it narrowly miss her. For the first time since she was a child, Minerva could feel the warmth of fear dampen her panties. That had been close. She started to pull herself to her feet, eyes still locked on the strange woman who had intruded on her domain. So she didn’t even see the second, third, and fourth lightning bolts coming at her form behind. Three copies of the mighty breath weapon struck her in the back simultaneously.

Minerva screamed. She screamed louder than she thought possible. It was the worst pain she had ever felt. None of her muscles were working. Her spear was flung away. Her pants were rapidly soaked as she uncontrollably pissed herself. She could feel a heavy weight descend into her panties, and there was absolutely nothing she could do about it. She felt a little better about this accident. It wasn’t because her will had faltered. When the pain finally stopped, she pulled herself partially up, leaning back against the wall. The woman was approaching her. She gulped. Thankfully, she was empty now…wait, she could feel her bowels filling again. Oh no.

“You’ve lost, Minerva. You are once again mine.” Tyra told her. The plain gray dagger brushed up against her neck, but Minerva ignored it. Such a thing couldn’t hurt her. She kept believing that until the weapon pricked into her skin as it cut her clothes open. She went cold. That weapon did more damage to her divine body than even that lightning bolt. It cut through her flesh as easily as tissue paper. This time, she broke. Soft mess was forced into her panties, pushing the thick white garment to its limits. She hated it, but she simply cowered and pooped herself.

Once the dagger had done its work, the woman sheathed it. Minerva felt a hand cup her breast, and the other her soaked, panty clad crotch. Both hands were tingling with lightning, and she couldn’t hold back a small moan at the feeling. Her moans became louder as the redhead’s hands went to work. Soon enough, her pants came off, and Minerva could feel the charge even stronger as Tyra had her way with her. The mess moving around inside her underwear was disgusting, but Minerva was a virgin. She had never felt anything like this before, and eagerly lost herself in it.

Terra followed obediently through the halls of Minerva’s castle. Those awful purple creatures were everywhere in here, too. Palace guards were suspended in the same purple fields, in the same soiled armor as their counterparts. Terra couldn’t feel disdainful of them anymore as she felt the liquid mess dirtying her panties and coating her legs. Her captor led her to Minerva’s bedroom. The place was massive and well furnished, as befitting of a goddess. But what Terra saw snapped her out of the obedient mind control. A red haired woman she didn’t recognize was rising to her feet, pulling her pants and panties back up. Laying on the bed, face flushed and panting, was Minerva. Terra let out a roar of rage.

Whoever this was had not only stolen a daughter away from her, but raped this one right in front of her! She leaped forward, snatching the redhead up in one of her giant hands and pulling her right up to her face. “How dare you! Who do you think you are, touching my granddaughter!” her hand squeezed her victim tightly. “I’ll make you wish you never touched-“ Terra’s anger was cut off as she felt, all at once, her standing stone shatter. It seemed her earth elementals hadn’t been enough. Tyra fell from her now weak grasp, unfazed and calmly landing on her feet. Terra fell to her knees, strength leaving her body. She felt so weak… this girl was toying with her. She had waited to destroy the stones, instead of simply breaking them as she went. She stared up at Tyra in horror, warmth now completely soaking her legs as she pissed herself, a puddle rapidly forming beneath her.

“Look at you, Mother Earth. Still just a frightened child without and potty training, just like the rest of them. Minerva, you’re grandmother’s been bad. She’s made a mess. Why don’t you punish her for all the times she punished you as a child?”

Terra stared wide eyed in horror as a smile spread across Minerva’s face. Her eyes seemed glazed over, not looking at anything. She rose, easily lifting the barely mobile Earth Mother onto her lap. “You’ve been naughty.” She scolded, her voice teasing. Then she started to spank Terra.

She couldn’t take it anymore. It was the last straw. Her power was gone, at least temporarily, her daughter’s were being taken and worse, and now Minerva was spanking her like a child in front of the woman who was taking everything from her. She broke completely. As Minerva’s hand impacted her messy bottom, she bawled like a child. “Stop, please, stop!” she cried, tears streaming down her face. With the first few hits, she farted. After that, she started messing herself at the impact, pushing a sizable lump of poo into her already dirty panties with each strike. Minerva giggled. “She’s pooping! Maybe you should put her in a diaper, Tyra.” Terra’s mind wasn’t coherent enough to listen anymore. All she could do was sob and try and hide her mind away from what was happening to her.

*048*2018-01-16 08:44

{{7 hours ago, Poowrite said:

I 'unno what Smite is, but I liked your stories of it (b^_^)b

}}

Thanks! Its some god based MOBA. I played it a long time ago but apparently all these new victims came out, so things were made.

*050*2018-01-16 18:27

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

What excellent stories these are

}}

Thanks!

