Blooper's Random Stories - Page 2

Author: blooper

*040*2017-12-11 13:56

(For now, some short stories based in FE: Heroes world. Most of this is just porn for the sake of porn, really. Playing lots of heroes and wanted to write something about it, not many good ideas. And wanted to write porn. So here it is. The relationship between Michalis and Celica is something that is explained in a story I have yet to finish and post, I believe. So if it doesn’t make much sense and you are wondering what happened to poor Alm, optimally an explanation will come in time. I’d like to write something explaining the whole plot of this heroes thing as well, but the pile of things I want to write grows faster than I have time and motivation to write them ;_;)

Training

Kagero was still surprised at the intensity of a practice session here. She looked down upon the largest room in the small practice complex where several of her comrades clashed. She herself was hidden in the shadows, though it seemed a target was rapidly approaching. As usual, however, the ninja had been holding it for far too long. Knowing that Michalis was watching from above, she carefully released a bit of the pressure, letting a small lump of poo fall into her boyshorts and a small spurt damped the crotch of them. The ninjas powerful muscles strained, cutting off the release and somehow holding back the massive accident that was desperately trying to escape. She barely suppressed a small moan at the small release: the ninja had consumed a powerful aphrodisiac for “training purposes”, and it was only thanks to her considerable discipline that she didn’t fall into its throws immediately. Steeling herself, she vanished back into the shadows, leaving the two redheads to their battle.

Mia ran through the halls, Alondite held at the ready. Its protective green energy surrounded her. Where had that damn ninja gone? This was a fight, not hide and seek! The purple haired swordsmaster barely had time to react as a pair of dagger flew at her from the shadows. She backflipped away from them, spinning and deflecting a second barrage from a different angle. But there was a third. The trio of shurikens bounced off the green barrier, but she couldn’t rely on Alondite’s limited protection. Suddenly, three Kageros were on her. As skilled as the ninja was, Mia was a true master of the sword. Her blade lashed out faster than the eye could see, fighting off all six slashing daggers. But she was only fighting them off. The weapons glistened with poison, and even one hit could be fatal. But she had to guess right. She charged towards the leftmost Kagero, driving the ninja back.

As her opponent flipped away, she lashed out with Alondite, spearing her on a blast of green energy. The ninja cried out in pain, crumpling in a heap against the far wall. A rapidly expanding puddle appeared beneath her, and a crackling sound indicated that was not her only loss of control. “Not that one…” Mia cursed, spinning. Her powerful leg kicked out, intercepting the center ninja that was coming at her. With a grunt, Kagero stumbled back, groaning as she voided her bowels into her panties. The third Kagero was still coming, her daggers both driving hard into Alondite’s barrier. The green wavered, but held, and Mia sliced the last Kagero with a heavy cut of her blade. The rules of training kept the impact nonlethal, but the ninja still staggered back with a spray of blood, face contorted in fear and helplessly urinating on herself whilst filling her boyshorts with several logs of poo.

Mia felt a pair of daggers dig into her shoulder and nearly screamed with frustration. None of them had been correct. Alondite’s shield absorbed the brunt of the strike, but the daggers broke skin, leaving two small wounds on her arms. The swordsmaster spun, lashing out for the ninja’s head for her blade. But Kagero was already retreating. Mia could already feel the poison sapping her strength, and her bladder collapsed, hot pee streaming down her shapely legs, her muscles unable to put up a fight any longer.

As Kagero felt the sharp steel of Mia’s weapon barely miss her face, she couldn’t contain it anymore. Her bladder sprayed the inside of her clothes with urine, rapidly streaming down her powerful thighs and staining them with glistening trails. Her long held bowels pushed hot mess into her boyshorts, and the tight undergarments rapidly expanded, some even pushing its way into the leg holes and a bit falling to the ground. Still soiling herself, Kagero retreated back into the shadows, suppressing moans of pleasure that no one but the master ninja could have hidden. It didn’t even take a touch to wet her panties with more than just pee, the red faced ninja shuddering with pleasure.

Mia looked around, but all three Kagero’s accidents were finished, and they disappeared in a puff of smoke. That ninja’s ability wasn’t fair! How could she fight four people! Kagero usually couldn’t maintain and coordinate more than one or two clones at once…what had she done for three? The normally energetic swordswoman slumped over with a groan. A loud fart escaped her bottom, and she clutched her stomach. The poison…her arms felt weak, and she resisted the urge to throw up.

Another fart, and then…her own black boyshirts were doused in a waterfall of diarrhea. It was all she could do to sit on her knees and continue shitting herself, releasing wave after wave of diarrhea as the poison put her bowels on overdrive and drained the strength from her muscles. Coughing, the swordsmaster felt her consciousness fading and desperately hoped someone would clean her up so she didn’t have to deal with the mess when she awoke. She could already feel the warmth of her puddle enveloping her chest as she collapsed.

The room was awash with magic, lightning crackling and flames flaring. The two women stared each other down, tomes in hand. Celica raised her tome, and with a burst of energy the flame around her parted, a blast of Seraphim magic firing off at her opponent. She let out a gasp as a spurt dampened her panties at the same time: channeling magic stressed her ability to hold it, and the pair had been battling for a while. She didn’t know how much longer she could keep this up. Her opponent seemed unfazed.

Ishtar stood in the same place she had stood the entire battle. Her entire body crackled with electricity, Mjolnr held safely in one hand. As the blast of light zoomed towards her, she struck back with a blast of lightning, dissipating the spell. She could feel her own control faltering as she channeled energy, but she was used to holding it. This was nothing. Lightning overran Celica’s Seraphim blast, the raw energy of Mjolnr pushing through and crashing down on Celica once again.

The priestess desperately drew power, striking back with a powerful blast of Ragnarok. The powerful spell blunted the assault, but Celica knew she couldn’t keep drawing on it. Her muscles involuntarily pushed a small lump of poo into her pure white panties, the mass settling uncomfortably as she desperately clamped down on her tired muscles before they let anything else out. She couldn’t risk casting another spell, especially not a powerful one.

So the priestess drew her sword. The finely shaped lady sword, given to her by Michalis, glowed with power. She lunged forward at the opposing mage. If she couldn’t win this battle through magic, she would win it with her blade. Surely a mage would have no chance on this axis of combat.

Ishtar had other ideas, however. A hammer of lightning appeared in her hand, crackling with energy. Still standing motionless, she used her tome like a shield, absorbing the impact of Celica’s stab before swinging back with the hammer of lightning. The redhead narrowly avoided the retaliatory swing, caught by surprise. She found out avoiding it wasn’t good enough, however. The crackling lightning around the hammer caught her side, and she cried out as electricity coursed through her body. A long spray of pee soaked her white panties and sent a cascade trailing down her leg as her muscles convulsed. Regaining control with a growl, she approached Ishtar more carefully, trying to get a read on her. But the archmage was stoic and revealed nothing, simply standing in place. She didn’t even show any signs of loss of control. Celica wasn’t too worried about impressing Michalis. But she did want to humiliate this seemingly untouchable mage.

Unfortunately, it seemed Ishtar was tired of waiting. Lighting crackled, and a trio of powerful bolts arced out at Celica. The priestess dived forward, underneath the barrage, turning the desperate dodge into an attempt to tackle Ishtar. Before she made contact with the mage, however, she felt electricity course through her body, and she screamed in pain. Apparently the woman had a defensive field. Celica knew it was over. Her control was slipping away as electricity coursed through her muscles, and a powerful kick from the taller mage sent her tumbling away.

She collapsed in a heap, groaning as she felt a puddle rapidly forming beneath her. She tried to clench her muscles, but none of them were working. She couldn’t even move. With no more resistance to be found, poo slid into her panties, soft mush eagerly filling them to their capacity. Celica couldn’t even hit something in frustration as she completely soiled herself without putting a single scratch on the opposing archmage. She would have to get better. As her convulsions slowed, she felt strength fading from her, and her eyelids reluctantly fell closed.

Ishtar let out a sigh of relief as Celica finally collapsed into unconsciousness. She immediately crossed her legs, letting out a groan. Now that no one was around, she could afford to show her desperation. She needed to find somewhere to relieve herself, quickly. Before she could get very far, however, she felt a hand on her bottom and gasped. Turning, she saw Michalis behind her.

“You did an excellent job. The only one to avoid soiling yourself. Quite impressive, Lady Ishtar.”

Ishtar felt herself blushing. His demeanor, his voice, his appearance…he was so much like the old Julius. Confident, in charge…he was a true ruler. She was shuddering at his touch. An unexpected warmth could be felt growing around her crotch, but she was too focused on Michalis too notice. “T-thank you, King Michalis. But it was not a problem. No one can match my skill with magic, not even Mila’s chosen. It was the expected outcome.” She cursed the stutter in her voice before she composed herself. This man…he was so much like the person she loved. But…she had just knocked his queen unconscious. He already had a queen…she hadn’t been here long, but he treated this squad almost like concubines. Perhaps that was their purpose. She was…she was okay with that, she decided. But if she could continue to overperform Celica in his eyes…that would be even better.

Suddenly, she looked down. She could see pee dripping down her legs, her dress soaked. She could feel the warmth soaking her thighs. She put a hand on her bottom, and gasped as she felt the weight of mess there. It was warm and squishy and coating her bottom…she hadn’t even noticed. She had been so nervous, with him right there…tears formed in her eyes. “I’m sorry, I didn’t-I-“

“It is alright, Lady Ishtar. It is bound to happen eventually. There aren’t exactly alternative presented.” Michalis told her, smiling warmly.

She sniffled, failing to fight back tears. She had done so well, but now she’d soiled herself like a child. Not even from combat like the others, but from nervousness…But she felt strong arms wrap around her, holding her as she cried.

“You are quite beautiful even when distressed Lady Ishtar. Please, do not worry.”

Ishtar let him hold her limp body, her tears soaking into his coat. It felt good. It felt like Julius. It felt like what she thought she would never find again. Perhaps…it was okay after all. Being summoned here, somewhere she could find happiness in this eternal limbo of a fallen hero.

Minerva grimaced as an arrow narrowly missed her head. She retaliated with a hand axe, but another arrow knocked it from the sky. It was so much harder to maneuver quickly without her wyvern…but it would just be shredded by the barrage of arrows if she stayed mounted, even with Iote’s protection. Taking her axe in both hands, she could feel her stomach churning. If she wanted to keep her armor clean, she needed to end this fast. It was time to charge.

Cordelia lined up her shot as the axe came flying towards her. It wasn’t her usual weapon, but she had trained hard with every common weapon type, and the bow was no exception. Her shot was perfect, knocking the axe from the sky. Already drawing another arrow, she adjusted her feet, lining up her shot for when Minerva moved. She didn’t want to get into close combat. Normally she would be more comfortable there, but…this stupid outfit was causing her problems. Whoever’s idea it was for her to be summoned in this deserved an arrow to the face. The bulky dress was already a pain, but even worse was the “bridal diaper” underneath it. Who wore a diaper to their wedding!? It was absurd. But she was stuck like this. And if she didn’t defeat Minerva soon, her diaper would be significantly less white than her dress.

The two women acted at the same time. Minerva charged, seemingly undeterred by her heavy armor, especially compared to Cordelia’s dress. Cordelia opened fire at the same time. Minerva dived beneath the first arrow, rolling and coming up out of the dive still in motion. The second arrow clipped her as she rolled, but her armor stopped it. Still, the impact left her leaking a bit into her panties, much to her annoyance. She would not let some other red haired flyer usurp her position, she was the most continent woman on the team! As she came up, a third arrow clipped her hair, a couple strands cut off by the arrowhead. Her panties got damper. The back of them turned slightly brown. Such close shots were effective at scaring her, as much as she hated to admit it. Even if they were less of a problem now, she was still terrified of arrows: she had always been a flying soldier.

Cordelia cursed as her arrow missed. She had miscalculated the agility of Minerva, she had to admit. She was relatively new to the squad, and she hadn’t really seen the wyvern knight fight unmounted before. She was even more impressive here than she had been in the air. She was a bit jealous, really. No matter how hard she worked, there was no way she could match the power in Minerva’s body. But that wasn’t all combat was about. She fired twice more, these arrows a bit different than the others. She would win this battle.

Almost there. Minerva pushed herself harder, closing the ever-shorter gap between herself and the opposing archer. Another arrow flew, this one gleaming with magical energy. She raised her axe to block it, but it exploded in wind magic, taking her by surprise. She cried out in fear at the combination of the two flier’s bane effects, and her powerful muscles forced a solid lump of poo into her red panties. The arrow slammed into her chest, punching through the armor and into her flesh thanks to the magical boost. She staggered, but didn’t falter. Grabbing the arrow, she pulled it loose, blood spraying. But Hauteclaire was already working, and the wound closed almost immediately, the flesh regenerating as her axe’s magic removed her injuries.

The last arrow was streaking towards her, but just before it hit, she reached out and caught it in her gauntleted hand. Its end was odd, a pink heart shape. She stared at it for a moment, confused, before she felt and enchantment wash over her. With a growl of determination, she resisted the magical compulsion, but it wouldn’t be for long. Whatever this magic was, it was incredibly potent. She normally wasn’t in danger from enchantment at all. But she could hold it off long enough. Her axe was already raising, and she brought it slamming down on Cordelia before the redhead could launch another arrow.

Cordelia grinned as the wind arrow impacted. Hopefully that would shake her plenty. Normally she would lead with an arrow of some other kind to shake her foe, perhaps to make them desperate, but Michalis had already seen to that aspect. Her cupid’s arrow would make easy work of her next- Cordelia’s eyes widened as Minerva came charging forward again, the pair of enchanted arrows not even slowing her. The redhead could feel the cold chill of fear now, and her diaper grew warm in response.

She was peeing powerfully, unintentionally. She desperately raised her blow, the powerful magical axe crashing down and splintering her weapon, stopping barely an inch from her head. She fell to her knees, dress spreading out around her. A series of rude noises was audible as she filled the back of her poofy white garment, taking the near deadly strike much worse than Minerva had taken the arrow. She couldn’t stop herself, she was rapidly filling her diaper…ugh, this costume was the worst. She wanted to cry.

Minerva grinned victoriously as Cordelia collapsed in front of her, obviously losing control. She had won the battle. Michalis would be pleased, and she could- the enchantment decided it had had enough of waiting. Minerva helplessly felt her hand go to her crotch, then another to her bottom. She found herself dancing in placing, holding with obvious desperation. Why was this happening, she could hold it for- her mouth began moving on its own. “Mistress, I can’t hold it much longer. Please let me go to the potty!” She couldn’t believe it. She sounded like a child.

Cordelia rose before her, smiling slightly. Minerva felt herself kneeling down so she would be shorter than the other redhead. She patted Minerva’s head. “You did a good job holding it, alright? You can go now.” The shorter redhead smiled, her hand reaching around Minerva’s body and under her armored skirt, feeling her bottom. The other hand groped her crotch. “Go ahead and let it out. I’ll clean you up afterwards.”

Minerva was horrified, but her body may as well have been Titania’s for how obedient it was. “I couldn’t hold it…” she said childishly, and her she felt herself forcibly releasing her bladder and bowels. Control of her muscles locked away, she felt like a child again, helplessly using her underwear as a toilet. At the same time…well, she wasn’t Michalis, but Minerva couldn’t exactly claim she didn’t enjoy being forced to soil herself. Her panties were soaked in a powerful cascade, and her bottom rapidly filled with soft mess, a loud pbbllrrttt accompanying her sticky release.

Cordelia felt much better as the redhead turned to putty under her enchantment. Powerful redheads like her…they were her favorite target. She might not be as willing as Titania but…she could work with this. She felt warmth soak her fingers, and she could feel the soft, sticky mess expanding the back of Minerva’s panties. Groping her bottom and spreading the mess as it released, Cordelia began to tease Minerva through her soaked panties. The girl was quite susceptible already, to her surprise.

Minerva moaned loudly as Cordelia’s touch quickly led to a second kind of wetness soaking her panties. It felt very good. But she could tell the enchantment was wearing off after her climax. Strength left her limbs and she collapsed against Cordelia. She heard the redhead murmuring “Good girl, you’ve done well. Rest now.” But Minerva wasn’t done yet. She couldn’t let someone other than Michalis just treat her like that. Her hand reached out, pulling one of the arrows from Cordelia’s quiver and pricking the redhead’s shapely thigh. She grinned at the horrified gasp she heard from Cordelia, but she didn’t wait to see her reaction. Minerva pushed the opposing flyer down, pinning her to the ground.

“I see you’re an interesting one. I’m impressed. But I’m not the person to try and enchant. So why don’t you go ahead and let it all out. I’ll change the little girl’s diaper afterwards.” The last part was in a mocking imitation of the motherly voice Cordelia had used early.

Cordelia couldn’t believe it. She felt the magical effect of her arrow take effect instantly as it pricked her: her recently emptied bladder and bowels were bursting again. She barely had time to gasp before she was pinned beneath Minerva. She felt her mess squish around uncomfortably in her diaper, but despite any struggling she had no chance against the wyvern knight. Blushing, she looked up meekly at Minerva as the redhead issued her own commands. Before she could protest, the princesses hand pushed down on her stomach, and Cordelia could only groan as she filled her diaper a second time. A lake’s worth of pee poured out of her, overflowing the protective garment and soaking her white dress translucent and yellowed.

She moaned as the flood of warmth pooled around her thighs, the puddle spreading beneath her and soaking her back and some even reaching her breasts. It felt wonderful. She fought to control her bowels, but there was no hope. Liquid poo escaped, the wet mess caused by her arrows exploding out of her. The diaper was quickly overwhelmed, and she felt sticky mud coating the back of her legs and staining her white dress brown. Looking up at the dominant axe wielder above her, overpowering her, forcing her to soil herself, she could feel herself climax in her diaper. 

As much as she liked dominating, it seemed she had a weakness for powerful axe wielders taking the other side. She blamed Robin. Gasping, she could still feel pleasure coursing through her body, and she reached up and pulled Minerva’s head down to her, kissing the wyvern rider powerfully. The shocked look on Minerva’s face gave her a sense of satisfaction, but a moment later she relaxed back in her own mess, a sharp blow from Minerva taking the consciousness from her.

Minerva looked down at the curious newcomer. She normally didn’t let anyone but Michalis do anything like that to her. She would play with the whitewings, especially Palla, but they were still the submissives in the equation, there was no question. Cordelia had even forced her into a kiss, despite having the control of the situation taken from her…and they had both thoroughly enjoyed both ends of the exchange. She wasn’t used to even caring about someone who wasn’t Michalis or her whitewings…perhaps she just had a soft spot for pegasus knights. With a sigh, she stood. She would need to get cleaned up. Not as badly as the diapered redhead below her, at least.

Planning

Michalis looked down at the roster in front of him, then over at the battlemap that sat upon his desk. Was he ready? Minerva was of course powerful and loyal, and her Whitewings would follow her. Catria, Palla, Est. They were hers, not his, but they would fight. Maria would provide healing. He had no worries about her, other than the danger of placing her near a battlefield. Ishtar would be loyal, save perhaps if the opponents had summoned Julian. But it was quite unlikely they had stooped so low as to use an evil user of the Lopto tome, and even then, it was likely Ishtar would still be on his side. Kagero was easy. She would be loyal, no matter the circumstances. The same for Celica. Her ties had already been broken. The newcomer, Mia…he wasn’t entirely sure yet, but she seemed eager. Among a squad of some of the best fighters in the multiverse she was happy. Old loyalties perhaps…he didn’t think she had much of those, though.

Sheema had nowhere else to go, no other loyalties to follow. Tiki…for all her age and wisdom, she was often quite childish, but she wasn’t stupid. If they found Marth…he was truly unsure if she would stay loyal. That would be a problem. Draug was a friend, so he and Norne would stay. That much was expected. The newcomer, Cordelia…she seemed to like him and his sister very much. What her motives were, he couldn’t say. But she didn’t seem to have much of a connection to anyone but Robin.

And Robin was, as usual, content to agree with him and Draug. Hopefully she wouldn’t be swayed by the female robin or something silly like that. She did request they acquire Titania, but that could likely be arranged. He did have some recruits in mind from some of the more obscure places as well. His only worry was Tiki, it seemed. And the fact that Maria would insist on going into beattle beside them. But he was confident they could protect her, even if every instinct told him to keep his little sister as far away from conflict as possible.

His door opened a bit, and he looked up to see Celica slipping inside. She was fidgeting a bit, moving over to the table where everything was laid out and resting her hands on it, crossing her legs and peering down at the map. The scribbled notes around the world of Archanea caught her eye. “Testing loyalties so soon?” she asked, glancing over at the sheet of soldiers. She spun it around to read the notes on her, looking back up and smiling at Michalis. “Aww, how sweet. You haven’t the slightest doubts about my loyalty. It’s nice to see someone trusts his wife.” She added a bit of pain in her voice at the statement.

“If we do not test them at first, we will find out they are not as strong as we thought at the wrong time, rather than when we choose to test them.” Michalis replied. Both of them knew more of the army had friends or was simply from Archanea than any of the other possible locations. But Michalis wanted them all. He wouldn’t settle for ignoring one world because it might cause tensions.

Celica frowned, but nodded. “I hope it goes well. I don’t…want to have to fight friends again.” She let out a slight gasp as warmth trickled down her leg, and she circled around the desk, plopping down in Michalis’s lap. “If you’re worried about someone, perhaps its best to have Cordelia and her arrows ready. She can likely curb any loyalties issues with her magic.”

“I’m looking for real loyalty, not that brought by some enchanted arrow. But I will keep it in mind for temporary measures, at least. As usual, you make a good point.” Michalis picked up the tiny archer piece from the battlemap, setting it at the back of the allied pieces. “We will head out tomorrow, I think. Everyone will have to be gathered, briefed, and prepared tonight.”

Celica nodded. “I’ll help get everything ready. And pray for our success. We will likely need it.” She rested her head back on Michalis’s chest, looking up at him as she spoke. “But for the moment…impress me, or I might want to go back to Alm after all.” She said coyly, grinning up at him. She relaxed her bladder, and warmth soaked her bottom rapidly, the release coating her thighs in warm liquid as well.

Michalis grinned back at her comment, and felt the warmth of her release. It was good she enjoyed that part of it as much as he did. He would have no problem fulfilling that request. “Of course, dear.” He replied.

From the shadows, Kagero watched. She was a bit jealous, really. She wanted to join in. But her position was to guard from the shadows. Being at his side was Celica and Minerva’s job. Still…the ninja relaxed her powerful muscles, letting the soft poo she had been holding back all day slip into her boyshorts. She held her bottom as she released, basking in the feeling of the mess spreading out across it. A clone appeared behind her, reaching into her shirt and groping her breast while reaching into her panties with its other hand. She could have fun by herself here, she just had to be quiet, as usual.

Scouting

Cordelia soared over what appeared to be a barren wasteland, mounted on her pegasus. Her lance was at her side and her bow slung across her back. She was still in the stupid dress, unfortunately. She hoped no one down below could see up it and notice her diaper. She sat sideways on the pegasus, as one would normally do when riding in a dress. A new dimension had appeared in the dragon’s gate, and it was her job to investigate what was going on in it. It seemed fairly empty, although she could hear sounds of fighting in the distance and could make out a battle. She should hurry.

Fjorn panted with effort. The blonde ice princess leaped forward again, spear lashing out to take down an enemy soldier. But most of her forces were dead, and Surtur was slowly but surely advancing, Laevatain and Loki beside him.

Loki raised her staff as the trio approached, and Fjorn gritted her teeth as fear magic washed over her. She trembled, trying to stand firm, but images of the day her country fell played through her mind, of Surtur striking down her mother and sending her fleeing. Her exposed legs began to glisten with pee as unfamiliar warmth trailed down them, her icy cold body not immune to liquid fear like any other woman. She fell to her knees, fearfully peeing herself. She saw Surtur raise his weapon, and a massive, almost meteorlike fireball appeared above him, slowly taking form. She summoned all the power she could in an effort to save her own life, sending a hundred blasts of ice at it and straining her bowel muscles as she furiously channeled magical energy. But it was to no avail. The meteor came streaking towards her.

A loud pbbllrrtttt was audible as her bowels gave out completely, and she closed her eyes and sniffled as wet liquid mess exploded out of her, overwhelming her light blue panties and staining the back of her skirt, hot, sticky mess trailing down her legs. It was so contrary to the cold she normally felt…the warmth felt good, actually, even if the mess itself was disgusting. At some point, she realized…she wasn’t dead yet. Opening her eyes, she looked up into the face of an extremely beautiful woman…wearing a wedding dress? Well, this was a bad first impression from her end. Here she was completely soiling herself in this brave and attractive woman’s grasp. The redhead asked, “Can you fight?” and Fjorn nodded. She would tell this woman about the debt she owed her later. Being in debt to a beautiful woman couldn’t be that bad.

Cordelia swooped over the battlefield, eyeing up the combatants. The blonde woman’s soldiers were being wiped out by the tide of red armored soldiers. The blonde was quite cute, especially as she fell to her knees and began pissing herself. There was a well endowed woman on the other side who was of interest to her as well. But as the enemy commander launched a giant meteor, saving the blonde was first priority. She needed information, more than anything. She was a scout, and this giant red armored forced was definitely something Michalis would want to know about.

Her pegasus dived as fast as it could, but she knew she would be cutting it close. The meteor loomed as she snatched up the blonde, and she could even feel its heat. She spurred her mount even faster, and the pair barely cleared the meteor before it impacted the spot where her new passenger had been standing. Cordelia became aware she was peeing, the stress of the narrow escape too much for her poor bladder. She sighed as warmth blossomed in her diaper. It felt good, in comparison to the incredibly cold girl she was now carrying. “Can you fight?” she asker her. The woman nodded, and Cordelia spun her pegasus around, heading for the enemy trio. She swooped low, depositing Fjorn onto the ground and drawing her bow. A barrage of arrows lashed out at the enemy commander, but they bounced harmlessly off his armor.

“He has a magical shield! You can’t hurt him!” she heard the blonde yell, so instead she drew forth a different arrow and fired. The commander staggered back, mental influence disrupting his mind and staggering him for the moment. She drew forth her lance and charged the enemy staff user, shrugging off the mental attacks from the woman with ease. Dressed like this, mounting a pegasus, she was incredibly magic resistant. She finished her charge with the lance tip just barely piercing the skin of the enemy caster, stopping expertly before she dealt a lethal blow. She wanted this one alive.

The scantily clad woman let out a cry of fear, badly attempting to block with her staff. Loud, wet farts were audible along with a powerful hissing as she completely soiled herself, the back of her dress bulging out with a lump of warm mess. “How dare you! I am Loki-ah!” Her protest was cut off as Cordelia prodded her with the spearpoint, eliciting another wet fart and the bulge getting a little bigger.

Before she could capture this Loki woman, however, Cordelia spotted the ground heating up and spurred her pegasus backwards. A pillar of fire reached up where she had been a second ago, Surtur’s massive weapon slamming down and narrowly missing her. She gulped as she felt the wind of the mighty blow. She hadn’t even felt the loss of control, but there was definitely a warm mass sitting in her diaper, spreading out along her bottom as she adjusted herself on the pegasus. She’d never have a justification to get out of this stupid diaper if she kept shitting in it…

Drawing out her bow again, she flew up in the air a bit. Surtur was advancing, Loki moving to hide behind him. But he shoved her away with a comment about cowardice, the priestess landing on her bottom with a wet squish. Cordelia took aim at the tearful woman, firing a pair of arrows. The first made her need to relieve herself once again, the most vulnerable state for Cordelia’s magic, and the second one took control of her mind. Terrified and desperate, it was an easy control to secure. As Surtur raised his weapon and began to charge a fireball to throw her way, Cordelia called, “Sleep!” Loki raised a staff, and suddenly Surtur staggered. “You traitourous-!” he managed, before Loki’s sleep magic overtook him.

Loki slowly approached Cordelia. “Mistress, I can’t hold it much longer.” She said, her voice automatically switching to a seductive tone. That wasn’t even from Cordelia’s enchantment. The redhead grinned. She wanted to play with this one, but they needed to leave. “Go ahead, dear. I won’t be mad. Do it before you get on the pegasus.” Loki nodded. Turning, she presented her already soiled purple panties to Cordelia, grunting as she began to push. Another soft mess flowed into the garment, stretching it to the max and leaving a significant lump in her panties. A fresh cascade of pee trickled down her legs as well.

Meanwhile, Fjorn battled Laevatainn. Her spear lashed out again and again against the other woman’s blade, turning it aside again and again. She was an expert at fighting defensively, and Laevataiin only attacked. Eventually, she knocked the woman’s blade free. The enemy generals had mocked her many times as she had an accident while they hid behind her forces, and she mercilessly smashed the woman with her spear, knocking her to the ground. Stepping on her stomach hard, she glared down at the “emotionless” woman. The sound of her messing herself at the impact of Fjorn’s foot was quite audible, and the ice princess grinned. “Not so tough when you aren’t behind your soldiers, now are you? Scared?” she raised her spear to the girl’s throat.

“Of course not.” The girl replied in monotone. But her body betrayed her, and she blushed slightly as she began powerfully peeing as the speartip touched her throat, a puddle forming around her.

“I always knew you were a liar.” Fjorn said, raising her spear. But suddenly, she felt herself being scooped up by her rescuer once again. “What was that for? I had her!” she asked.

“Look.” was all Cordelia replied. Fjorn looked down, and gulped as she saw a massive wave of red armored soldiers overtaking her previous position. She looked over and saw Loki onboard as well, and growled. “What is she doing here?”

“She’s enchanted. I want information from her.” Cordelia replied. The pegasus knight shifted uncomfortably in her messy diaper. “You have a lot of explaining to do as well.”

“Ah…yes, I suppose I do.” Fjorn replied, calming down a bit. “But first…thank you. You saved me there. I am forever in your debt. By the laws of my people, I serve you now…”

Cordelia looked her up and down, and a small smile formed on her face. “Interesting. Well, don’t worry about that part just yet. Hang on, my mount can’t carry all three of us for long.”

*043*2017-12-14 21:02

{{On 12/13/2017 at 12:36 AM, herrokitty said:

I always appreciate your stories, blooper!!

}}

I'm glad. Seeing comments and knowing people are reading and enjoying stuff is great to see. And good motivation to keep doing stuff.

{{On 12/13/2017 at 1:36 PM, Poowrite said:

I read your latest story. It was quite good. I rather enjoyed the effects of the poison in the first bit :3.

Thanks for posting!

}}

Good to see you enjoyed it. Poison is a tool for this sort of thing I've come to enjoy a lot recently, actually.

