Blooper's Random Stories - Page 2

Author: blooper

*044*2017-12-28 12:00

(More one shots. Diaper warning.)

FE Heroes: A Unanticipated Ally(Grima)

Grima awoke with a groan. What happened? She was Grima, she was a goddess! But it seemed she had been summoned. She tried to move, but found she couldn’t Chains so heavy she could barely raise her arms were binding her. She could feel the magic in them, true artifacts of ancient magic. They sealed away her magics. She didn’t even bother trying. Raising her head, she growled at the site of massive flaming man carrying a massive flaming axe. He looked almost like a human volcano.

He was flanked by a woman on each side. One smaller, armed with a blade. The other tall and even more well-endowed then Grima, carrying a staff. She looked herself over. Black pants and shirt still intact, pink underwear still on. She hoped no one had seen those. It was a little embarrassing. White hair was untied, draped along her back. She seemed untouched. So she stared up at her captors with piercing red eyes. “Who are you that dares to bind a god?” she shouted, her voice still carrying its powerful echo. There was no magic in that.

“Ah, I apologize. I have not given a proper introduction. I am Surtur, future king of the world. I have summoned you here, like so many others, to help me in my conquest. I, of course, would not think nor could I bind you to my will like the others. So I have a deal to make you, Grima. I can offer you up your world, the one you could not claim in the end. I already own it. All you have to do…is help me defeat my enemies. Spread my reign across the multiverse. Then I will give you your prize and leave you alone. Sound fair?”

Grima paused. It was a tempting offer. But…who knew if this man was trustworthy. She was no mortal king’s lapdog. “I serve no one.” Grima replied, her voice still fierce.

Surtur sighed. “I feared you would be that way. Well, consider my offer. Until then, you may stay here. I will provide the best accommodations, though you must understand…you will have to stay bound. Between your magical powers and quite incredible inherent strength, you could tear my castle apart if I released you before we came to an agreement.”

“Release me at once, foolish mortal! I will tear you to shreds!” Grima roared, her voice echoing through the mostly empty throne room with incredible volume. The smaller swordswoman’s face remained impassive, but her legs did not stay dry. A fearful flood of pee sprayed out of her at the roar, and she stood quietly as she soaked herself. The other woman was not so composed. She let out a cry of fear, grasping her bottom as there was an audible pbblllrrrtttt, the woman able to do nothing as she felt a weight instinctively drop into her panties. As she felt the heaviness settle, she could detect warmth flowing down her legs as well. Blushing brightly, she stifled any more sounds as she stood and completely soiled herself.

“She needs time to contemplate. Loki, take her to her quarters.” The clearly shaken woman nodded, clutching her staff tightly. She approached, saying a few words of magic, and suddenly everything went black.

Grima opened her eyes. She was sitting in a well furnished room, something appropriate to a royal bedroom. She tried to stand, and found she could move around a bit this time. Not much, but some. Worse, she had to pee. But that could wait. There was a chamberpot in the corner. Looking around, she spotted a tall pink haired woman sitting on the edge of the bed. Before she could say anything, the woman spoke. “Hello. I’m Gunnthra. A dreamer. Who might you be? It seems we’ll be sharing quarters for the forseeable future. They bring food three times a day, and if you need to use the chamberpot, just ask the guards outside. They’ll help you do it in those chains. I’m not strong enough, myself…”

Grima wasn’t sure how to take this. Stuck in here with some woman she didn’t know? Asking for help to use the chamberpot. She could never do such a thing. She would do it herself. “My name is Grima.” She reluctantly replied. “I’m…just a dragon.” She hated selling herself short, but it was just too embarrassing to admit she was a goddess restrained like this. Turning away, she slowly moved, trying to get a better feel for her bonds.

Grunnthra tried to make small talk as the time passed, but for the most part Grima ignored her. By the time someone came to deliver supper, Grima could feel her bladder’s need growing urgent. She wished she could hold herself somehow. But when she had risen and moved towards the pot a bit, she realized there was no possible way she could get down her pants and panties in these chains. It simply wasn’t possible. She would have to hold it until she found a way to escape.

A tall, muscled blonde woman entered, wearing rune inscribed armor and carrying a vicious looking sword at her side. “Eat up, you two.” She declared, setting plates of food down. “Grima, I’ll help. You can’t eat like that.”

“I can do it myself!” Grima growled. At her voice, she saw a flash of surprise and a small wet spot grow on the woman’s face and pants, respectively. But as Grima hobbled over and tried to eat, she only managed to spill food down herself like a messy child. Grunnthra sighed, wiping Grima up with a napkin and shaking her head. “I’m helping.” She declared. Despite Grima struggling, she was eventually forced to sit back and allow herself to be fed. This was the most humiliating thing that had ever happened to her. She was being fed like a little girl. She was a goddess! She didn’t even realize she was pouting, adding all the more to the impression of a child. The guard watched with some amusement at the scene.

Once the meal was finished, she moved over to Grunnthra. “Do you need a change?” she asked. The woman nodded, and the guard pulled open a closet to reveal a changing area. Grima could see that Grunnthra’s diaper was quite heavily used. After the guard changed her, she turned to Grima. “Do you need to go?” The goddess shook her head. The guard looked at her curiously, but shrugged and left the room, taking the food with them. After she did, Grima let out a gasp, crossing her legs as she sat on the bed. It was getting worse. It felt like a water balloon was building up inside of her and soon enough she would pop.

“Why are you dressed in that?” She asked her cellmate. “You aren’t restrained from relieving yourself.”

“It’s a bit embarrassing, but… I’m quite incontinent. I spend so much time out of my body, in dreams, that I have little control over it anymore.” She blushed, smiling sheepishly. “But don’t worry. They’re enchanted, you won’t smell anything.” Grima nodded. She decided that was the end of the conversation.

That night, Grima tossed and turned. She could barely get to sleep. It felt like an incredible weight was weighing her down. She would not have an accident. She was the greatest being in the universe, the mighty dragon god of ruin! She would not use her clothes as a toilet like the worthless mortal imprisoned with her. Finally, she managed to fall into the throes of sleep.

Her dreams were unpleasant. Waterfalls, swimming, all kinds of awful things. In each one she felt like she might burst. Every time she tried to find somewhere to relieve herself, her dream faded, just as she was lowering her pants. Finally, she found herself back in her world. She was staring down Cordelia, her love, and Robin, her vessel and husband to her love. She could only watch in horror as the old her was struck down by the giant man’s axe, banished from the plane she deserved to rule, her power commandeered by her unworthy vessel. It was too much. Her considerable bladder began to empty, warmth soaking her tight pants all too rapidly. Her considerable bladder left quite the puddle beneath her, and she could even feel some run up her back. But she was standing, that didn’t-

Grima jerked awake. In a panic, she felt around her. She had done it. She had wet the bed. The strongest dragon, an actual god…had wet her bed. It took all she had not to burst into tears right there. Still, a few sobs escaped. Beside her, Grunnthra rose, wrapping an arm around her. “Its alright…everyone has an accident sometimes. Even dragons. I’ll take the blame, alright? My diaper leaked, that’s all.” The woman pushed, and Grima could see her diaper expand to capacity, almost entirely yellowed. Grima found this position a bit awkward. Her companion wore only her diaper to bed, and she was pressed up against her considerable breast. The only one for her was Cordelia. She pushed away, giving a muttered, “Thanks.” It was grudging, but she gave it.

The next morning, the same woman brought breakfast. Once again, Grunnthra fed her, and then the guard changed Grunnthra. She left a change of clothing, and Grima was helped to change by her companion. As promised, Grunnthra had taken the blame, and Grima was not suspected of having an accident. When questioned, Grunnthra claimed she had helped her with the pot. “You know, I can actually help you use it, I think. It was easier than I thought to help with your clothes.” Grunnthra told her, after the guard left. Once Grima was changed, the pink haired woman returned to her work. Throughout the day, Grima could feel her bowels growing in need. Her bladder was there again, ever present, but the true problem was her bowels. She couldn’t hide that. Occasionally, she farted, making her a bit more embarrassed about the situation. Grunnthra had to know she was nearing her limit.

After lunch, she couldn’t take it any more. She could feel the tip of a log of poo poking out of her bottom, and she made her best attempt at clutching it desperately. A few small farts escaped her. “Grunnthra please, I need help!” she whined, her voice no longer holding the power it normally carried. It sounded like a desperate child’s, instead. Grunnthra rose immediately. Grima could tell the woman had shit herself recently, and she very badly did not want to join her. The pink haired woman quickly helped her over to the chamber pot. Just as she lowered the dragonesses pants down, Grima felt her bowels give out. No no no! This couldn’t be happening! A large log of poo slipped out, fully into her panties. Another followed rapidly behind, then another, then another. She could hear herself farting, feel the warm mass settle in her pink panties. It was too much. She started crying. “I couldn’t hold it…” she mourned.

At dinner, the guard brought a fresh pair of clothes and a warning. “We provide you with facilities. Use them. We do not have infinite clothes.” Grunnthra helped her change. It was the worst feeling, a woman cleaning dried, disgusting mess off of her bottom. Before bed, Grunnthra asked if she needed to relieve herself. Grima couldn’t bring herself to say yes. That night, she had the same dream. She woke up in the morning with the bed just as soaked.

Grunnthra covered for her again. The next day passed without incident. The next morning was the same. Grunnthra couldn’t keep excusing her. She admitted her failure. It just kept getting worse. She was a bedwetting goddess now. She was fed like a child, wet the bed like a child, cried like a child…how could it get worse.

It could. The guard came back with orders. “If you refuse to use what we give you, we will treat you the same as your companion.” They took the chamberpot from the room. Next time Grunnthra changed her, she changed her into a diaper. Grima couldn’t even protest. Grunnthra’s touch had her under control now. Later that night, she used her diaper for the first time. It was messy. She pushed out soft mush into the childish garment, unable to stop herself. When she cried, Grunnthra kissed her forehead and told her everything would be alright. She even started wearing her diaper without any pants, just like Grima was forced too. Grima felt a bit better every time she watched Grunnthra unknowingly push a load of poo into her diaper. At least she was better than that.

But even that didn’t hold. She wet the bed every night. Eventually, she started messing the bed. Every morning she woke up in a full diaper, front soaked with cold piss and bottom heavy with a significant weight of shame. Her accidents became more frequent. She was messing herself almost every day, and wetting herself at least one in between changes. She couldn’t even feel it anymore…it just came. Sometimes, she dreamed of Grunnthra. But she forced those images aside. She could only think of Cordelia like that. Maybe…maybe Cordelia would rescue her from this.

She saw Surtur a few times. Seeing him renewed the fire in her. Each time was a vehement denial, despite her baby dragon covered padding. The fourth time…he slammed his axe into the ground, and she gasped in shock as she felt herself messing. Normally she would have been fine through something like that…she was meek the rest of the time. The next few times, he waited until she was desperate. Her let her dance in front of him until she finally broke, unable to keep from soiling her diaper like a child. Still, she did not submit. It was impressive, really, if she weren’t sitting in a used child’s garment.

One day, the door opened. But instead of the guard calmly walking in, she tumbled inside, face a mask of terror. She was in the process of soiling her once pristine leather pants, and a moment later a knife took her in the chest, silencing her before she could cry out. In the doorway stood a ninja, dressed in dark clothes and holding a deadly looking dagger. Both women felt their bowels drop out at the same time. Two loud ppppbbttt, two smelly loads deposited in diapers.

Both of them soaked themselves as well, Grima’s wetting outsizing Grunnthra’s thanks to her larger capacity. The ninja put a finger to her lips, and neither girl dared speak. Two more of the same ninja entered, a pair picking up Grima while the other scooped up Grunnthra. Grima couldn’t believe it. One of the ninja farted loudly as they did so, but they did it. They picked up the dragoness and all her chains. Along the way, she could hear the sounds of both messing themselves from the strain. It made her feel a little better.

Once they left the complex, the ninja smiled down at them and gave each a kiss. Grima wanted to be mad, but she felt consciousness fading from her.

When she awoke, she gasped in surprise. Cordelia was standing above her, dressed in a pure white wedding dress, pristine. She tried to get up, and realized her chains were gone. The evil dragoness had no qualms about leaping to her feet and wrapping her arms around Cordelia. “Thank god you found me! I thought I’d never see you again!”

“Its alright, I’ve got you now. You aren’t going anywhere.” Cordelia replied. “I see you’ve…had a bit of an attire change while you were away.”

Grima paused, filled with dread. She looked down. Yep, diapers. It had been real, not some figment before Cordelia rescued her. “I…he made me use them! Get this off me right now!”

Cordelia giggled. “I don’t know, it looks so good on you. How about we try it out for a bit, alright?”

“W-what!? No, you can’t!” Grima protested. Cordelia giggled again. “I’m just teasing, silly.” She kissed Grima, the dragoness eagerly meeting her lips. Suddenly, a hissing sound was audible. Cordelia stepped back, looking down with concern. The front of Grima’s diaper was yellowing rapidly with pee. “Or…maybe I wasn’t.” she said with a wide eyed look.

*045*2018-01-09 19:57

Falling Into Place

(More random heroes nonsense, somewhat advancing the plot.)

Michalis smiled as Anna entered the private meeting room. He didn’t ask how she got here without attracting suspicion from the summoner and the Askr royals. The redhead was quite capable. He motioned to the seat opposite, then took a sip of the wine in front of him. “It was good of you to join me, Commander Anna.” He said, smiling.

The redhead stared at him suspiciously. She started to reach for the drink, but thought better of it and put her hands on the table. “What do you want, Michalis? It had better be good, I’m walking into the middle of your whole damn army for this. If I disappear-“

“I would never do such a thing to a lady. Rest assured, I will not stop you from leaving.” Michalis replied evenly. So untrustworthy. He supposed it came from being a businesswoman. “Please, drink.” He flicked a gold coin across the table, the money rolling to a stop right before Anna. She raised an eyebrow, but picked up the coin, examining it before pocketing it and taking a long drink.

For a few minutes, Michalis started innocently. “it has come to our attention that Surtur, a man with forces larger than either of ours, has declared his goal of conquering the multiverse and wiping you and your friends from existence. We would like to offer our assistance in destroying them. We even have…a prisoner, one of their royals. She has told us all we could ever need to know about Surtur and his forces. “

Anna’s eyes lit up a bit at the offer. They were having…serious trouble dealing with Surtur’s forces. If Michalis sent his elite fighters to help, they could almost certainly win a war they were losing. But there was always a catch. “What is it you want in return?” she asked, suspicion still heavy in her voice. Unconsciously, she felt herself crossing her legs and squirming in her seat. She felt the strong urge to relieve herself when there had been none before. Probably the drink. But Anna was used to giving clients what they wanted.

“What I want in return? I simply want Surtur’s domain, and all he ruled over. When we win that battle, it will be mine. Because I, not Surtur am the one who will rule this multiverse.” Michalis’s fist slammed down on the table, a perhaps too excited smile on his face.

Anna bit back a cry at the impact. She felt warmth suffuse her crotch, and realized she was forcefully peeing her pants in response to the loud sound. Blushing, she tried to stop it, but to no avail. Pee puddled around her bottom on the chair, some spilling off. “I’m sorry, you started me.” She told him meekly, playing the part she thought she was supposed. “But…your offer is agreeable. We will take it.” She hated giving land away to the enemy, but they desperately needed the help.

Michalis grinned at Anna’s accident, and even more at her agreement. “Good, good. I’m glad you see some sense. I’ve got another offer for you, Anna. And only you.” Reaching into a bag beside him, Michalis pulled out a replica of Iote’s shield. Except it was made of solid gold. He set it down on the table with a resounding thud. The furniture seemed barely able to support it. “Consider this a down payment. There will be four times this much in coinage when the mission is complete. I want you to obey me without question. Once we defeat Surtur, I will have to face down the Order of Heroes. You will help me. Sabotage them, lead them into a trap, give them false information, whatever I need. I won’t ask you to strike down your friends, but I will ask you to betray them.”

Anna’s mouth nearly hit the floor as Michalis set the heaviest chunk of gold she had ever seen in her life on the table. She wondered if she could even lift it. She was sure he would give her help if she couldn’t. Running her hand along it, she smiled. It was solid gold. Her merchant senses were never wrong. She sighed, thinking of Kiran and Alfonse and Sharena…she’d have to apologize to them after. The redhead looked back at Michalis with a grin. “What would you have me do?”

Michalis rose, walking around the table. “Why don’t you get those wet clothes off, and we’ll discuss in a more comfortable setting.”

Anna nodded and rose. This was, at least, nothing new. Although…she walked up to the larger man, pressing against him and moving his hand to her bottom. Grunting, she pushed soft mess into her panties, bulging out her red pants significantly as she emptied everything she had into them. She could feel his hand squish it around as she shit herself. It was gross, but that was fine. She could feel his arousal. “That’s what you wanted, right?”

“Good girl.” He replied.

Meanwhile….

Cordelia walked into the library, Grima hiding slightly behind her. She spotted Celica, walking over to the other redhead with a purpose. “Celica…those people we rescued…one of them I know. We have a weapon now, more powerful than we could have expected. I need to show you.”

Celica looked up with interest. She peered at the girl hiding behind Cordelia. Grima seemed a powerful spellcaster, but that was all, and while she might be mighty in dark magic she wasn’t as strong as Celica or Ishtar. The redhead shot a glance at the other mage, who sat across the room quietly reading. What secrets did this girl, hiding behind Cordelia have? She didn’t seem to be diapered anymore, unlike when they found her. Still, Celica was intrigued. They had a lot of fighting ahead of them, and she and Michalis would appreciate any power they could find. Celica stood. “Alright, show me.”

“You’ll have to come with me. We need to move somewhere nothing can be destroyed, and where no one will see. Come to the basement mass combat training area with me.”

Celica nodded. “Let’s go.”

Before they left, Ishtar’s voice chimed in. “May I go with you, Lady Celica? I would like to meet our new companion.”

Celica frowned. She didn’t like Ishtar. She didn’t like how close she was getting to Michalis, or how she seemed to adore him. All kings had their concubines, and Michalis had repeatedly explained to her he had to keep dominance over the women here, keep them in line. But she didn’t like Ishtar in particular. Maybe because she was better than her. That she had so far avoided having accidents in combat when Celica was watching. It reminded her too much of bad memories, and picking continent girls over her. But…there was no reason to deny her. She could tell Ishtar was staring quite curiously at the other tall, powerfully built white haired girl. Grima peeked out from behind Cordelia, looking like a child hiding behind its mother. “Of course, Lady Ishtar.”

Ishtar smiled, approaching Cordelia and the new recruit. She seemed almost like an abandoned or abused child, finally reclaimed. That thought and her looks reminded Ishtar all too much of herself, when she was a child. Carefully reaching out, she took Grima’s hand. “What’s your name, dear?”

Grima looked Ishtar up and down. As soon as she touched her hand, she could feel the powerful holy blood pumping through Ishtar’s veins. This one was like her. Enough power to make any normal human insignificant, but confined into dealing with them just as any other. She was also beautiful. Perhaps she should tell Cordelia to include her at some point. But she shouldn’t have to ask Cordelia for anything! She was Grima! Separating from Cordelia, smiled up at Ishtar. “My name is Grima. Its wonderful to meet you, Lady Ishtar.” The four women started on their way, walking through the large complex. As they started off, Grima now clinging to Ishtar instead of Cordelia, the redhead frowned and quickly brushed Ishtar with one of her arrows as they started off. Perhaps an accident would dissuade Grima.

Ishtar didn’t seem too troubled by her now full bladder and bowels, but Grima wasn’t so lucky. She may not have been enchanted by Cordelia, but the dragoness squirmed unconsciously as she walked. She looked even more the part of a desperate child now, standing beside the towering Ishtar instead of Cordelia, who she outsized. Even the tall dragoness couldn’t outsize Ishtar. Soon enough, she was tugging on Ishtar’s shoulder. “I need to pee…” she whispered urgently. She had to prove she didn’t need those diapers.

Ishtar frowned. “Michalis doesn’t really-“ her reply was cut off as she looked down; below Grima’s armored body and skirt, her shapely legs were coated in a glistening yellow. Grima followed Ishtar’s gaze, and felt herself tearing up. “It’s alright, don’t cry.” Ishtar told her, hugging the dragoness close. Sniffling, Grima nodded. She let Ishtar continue leading her.

Eventually, the group reached the huge underground cavern. The place wasn’t furnished at all, and the whole area showed signs of battle damage. Celica turned to Cordelia. “All right, what’s so impressive you have to show us down here?” she asked.

“Me.” Grima replied. A dark aura surrounded her body, and she walked away from the others towards the center. It had been a long time since she had been allowed to transform, to flex her power. Her form shifted and grew as she walked, and turning to face the trio was a giant black dragon, the size of a ship of the line or a large building. “I am the wings of despair! I am the breath of ruin! I am Grima!” she roared, and fear washed over the trio like a tsunami.

Celica didn’t even need the fear. She remember this dragon. She and her companions had unleashed it from the bottom of the largest dungeon in the known world, the labyrinth beneath Thabes. It had never been meant to see the light of day. It had decimated their group of powerful warriors, vanishing into the night sky and never reappearing. But it was here. Just like last time, the sight of it and the sheer power was too much for her. All she could do was whimper as she pushed a massive load of soft poo into her panties, fearful release mushing inside her panties and some managing to escape, falling to the ground around her as she fell back in fear. Her bladder gushed out with similar ferocity, her white skirt rapidly soaking as a puddle formed around her. She threw her hands up in a desperate attempt to protect herself, cowering at the sight.

Ishtar looked up in awe at the sight. Was this Loptyr, come to show her she was doing what Julian would have wanted? If Michalis commanded Loptyr himself, then surely he could only be the reincarnation of her husband. Loptyr was stuck inside that poor, frightened woman. She would have to take very good care of her. As Grima’s feat washed over her, Ishtar obediently basked in it. She couldn’t stop herself as piss streamed down her legs, soaking her panties and unleashing a waterfall beneath her dress. She was already pushing as she felt a heavy weight involuntarily drop into her panties, slowly expanding and stretching the fabric too capacity.

Cordelia didn’t fare too much better, despite expecting it. She didn’t try to fight it, just let the magical fear wash over her and push a lake of pee and several solid lumps of poo into her diaper. She resisted the urge to touch herself, watching with amusement at the other two’s fearful reactions.

Grima smiled as she felt her magic channel. It was good to be back. Suddenly, she felt a heavy weight descend into her panties. And more was on its way. She couldn’t stop it while channeling power, it seemed like a byproduct…no no no! This was unacceptable! Her form shrunk to its human size again, Grima falling to her knees and sobbing as she continued to push soft mess into her panties. She could barely use her power without having an accident. Damn it all!

Ishtar quickly rose, rushing to Grima’s side. She helped her up, holding her close and letting her cry into her breasts. “We all had accidents. I did just what you wanted. Don’t feel too bad, okay. I’m here for you.” Grima sniffled, but the line just what you wanted stuck out to her. She smiled a bit, hugging Ishtar tightly.

*046*2018-01-12 11:05

A couple of random Smite stories as build up for me and Linkxs new smite rp.

Forces of Nature: The Bear

(Hopefully this does a good job of demonstrating Artio being calm and neutral in human form, and extremely emotional in bear form. I am a bit concerned this is more a story about Tyra than Artio though. Hopefully that’s not the case.)

Rana moved carefully through the forest, spear in hand. Whatever was causing a disturbance in Artio’s territory had to still be around here. Something had been hunting, hunting enough to wake the Bear Goddess. Thousands of dead creatures, corpses left across the forest that she called her home. Artio had immediately sent her druids out to investigate the matter. Kate, her sister, was somewhere above her, taking the form of a bird to scout overhead. Pushing through the relatively thick underbrush, Rana gasped as she came upon a dead bear. Rushing to its side, she set her spear down, running her hands over the beast. Focusing, she let out a sigh of relief a moment later. It wasn’t one of Artio’s druids, just a simple bear. Still, they were the goddesses favored creatures. This could not be allowed to happen. Whatever had done this had fired a single shot, its arrow ripping apart the bears head. There were traces of odd energy…

The sound of a lightning bolt was audible. Rana moved with practiced ease. She was no stranger to fighting mages, and Artio’s druids were well warded against the elements. She snatched up her staff, rolling out of the way of the incoming lightning- “Aaaaaaah!” Everything was pain. She knew she had dodged the bolt. But even proximity to the massive projectile was too much for her poor mortal body. She writhed in pain, electricity coursing through her nerves and muscles and stealing from her any control she had over her body. Her spear fell from her twitching grasp. She could feel warmth spreading in her hide pants, helplessly soaking her legs. She fell to her knees, her pants beginning to weigh down as her spasming muscles pushed a series of solid logs of shit into her primitive panties. She coughed up blood. All her wards, all her agility…none of it mattered. A moment later, an arrow ripped her apart in a burst of psionic energy.

Kate heard the crash of lightning, then Rana scream. She turned, watching in horror as the druid convulsed. She started to swoop down, her eagle’s wings tilting into a dive, but then an arrow tore Rana apart. All she could feel was cold fear seep into her bones. She was pissing herself. It wouldn’t show until she transformed back into her human form, but she knew she had soaked her breeches. Even in her transformed state, she could feel the warm sticky liquid coating her legs. At least she was alive. She spotted Rana’s killer, a woman with bright blue eyes, pure white skin, and fiery red hair. She carried a bow decorated with shooting stars. Her eagle’s eyes could even read the inscription from here: “Contrail”. It even lived up to its name, a trail of energy showing the path its arrow took from the bow to Rana.

She had to warn Artio. Flapping her wings she began to fly higher, desperate to escape. She sent a message, magically giving orders to a nearby eagle to carry her message. “Its an archer, she’s just to the south of the grove! She has blue-“ Before she could finish, she felt the magic around her fade away. Her message was cut off, and her eagle form faded away. In its place was a plain looking druid, long brown hair in a disarray from the winds and tan hide pants soaked with liquid fear. And then, she was falling. Letting out a scream, she desperately tried to transform, to cast a spell to save herself. But none of it was working. She looked down and saw the ground approaching all too quickly. She couldn’t help it. She began shamefully pushing logs of poop into her panties. What would Rana think if she saw her like this? That was her last thought before she struck the ground and joined her sister in death.

The woman lowered her hand, the glowing silver symbol in it fading to its normal hue. She slipped the medallion away, its faint light and dark blue sapphire vanishing into the darkness of her belt pouch. Looking between the two fallen druids, she shook her head. “Inferior. Neither worth my time or attention.” She shot one last glance at the retreating eagle, carrying Kate’s final message. Turning away, she didn’t even bother retrieving her arrow before she vanished into the woods.

A few minutes later, the sound of the eagle’s message reached Artio. The great Bear Mother, the personification of Ursa Major, sat in a druid’s grove, meditating as she awaited news from her druids. A blue archer? That was who was causing all of this madness? It sounded like Kate was in trouble. Hopping to her feet, Artio transformed, the shapechange as natural as putting on a new pair of shoes for a normal human. Her now massive bear body lunged forward at incredible speed, huge strides tearing her way through the forest. Whatever this hunter was doing here…she was about to become the hunted.

A short while later, Artio reached the location where Kate’s message had been sent from. For once, she felt sadness as she looked upon the two fallen druids. They were her worshippers, and they had been hunted like all the rest. Her eyes settled on the figure above them. A woman, icy in form, knelt above Rana, examining her corpse. She carried a bow across her back. Skadi. A blue archer! “You dare to hunt my beasts! You dare to hurt my followers! I will make you pay!” Artio roared, the rage of nature suffusing her. This…this…worthless woman of winter was the one causing her so much pain? The bear charged.

“What? Artio, I came to warn, not-“ Skadi’s protests were cut off by the roar of an enraged, charging bear. Its power washed over her, and it was all she could do to not be stunned by the sound. There was a loud hissing as pee trickled down her legs, soaking them as she wet uncontrollably in fear at the sound. How could she even hope to fight that thing?! She managed to call upon her powers, summoning a slick sheet of ice in Artio’s path.

Skadi and her tricks. Always so annoying, so pointless. Nothing could stand against nature’s power. Artio slid along the ice, swiping at Skadi as she came. But the icy huntress dodged to the side, narrowly avoiding the mighty bear’s claws. More pee sprayed out of her. Sliding to a stop, Artio rose up on her hind legs, roaring again. She leaped forward, but Skadi returned fire this time, and Artio had to focus her attention on deflecting the other goddess’s arrows. Rage was still pumping inside of her, and she could barely bring herself to block. She just wanted to tear this bitch to pieces for what she had done.

Suddenly, Skadi froze. A loud pbbblllrrrttt sound made it quite clear what was happening as she helplessly pushed soft mush into her underwear. “Scared?!” Artio roared, grinning with ferocious pleasure. “You should be!” She started forward, but Skadi’s face was twisted in abject terror. And more importantly, it wasn’t looking at her. “She’s here…” the huntress said quietly. She turned and ran, the bulge on her bottom growing as she fled. “Come back here!” Artio roared. The goddess went down on all four to charge after her, but before she could continue she felt the impact of a dozen arrows in her back.

Letting out a roar of pain, she tried to turn. Those arrows had hurt far more than anything she had ever felt in a long, long time. Already poison was seeping into her veins from them. Poison shouldn’t have any effect on her, but whatever this was…it was working. Pee dampened her panties. She felt sick to her stomach from the poison, and though it wasn’t noticeable in bear form, her human form let out a wet fart, spraying the inside of her panties with liquid poo. She was the greatest goddess of nature, she would not soil herself! She would destroy whoever dared to touch her hide with their pitiful arrows!”

Staggering, the great bear managed to turn herself. On the edge of the clearing stood a woman, almost human but a bit too perfect, free of blemishes and imperfections. This was the destroyed of nature, the despoiler of Artio’s land. The bear roared, sound loud enough to shake the trees. “You will die!” The archer faltered. The bear charged.

Tyra gasped in surprise as the bear’s roar washed over her. She wasn’t used to being scared. Some of these goddesses were immensely powerful, and luckily Tyra had come prepared for such an eventuality. She couldn’t show any weakness if she were to tame these women. But this bear goddess was powerful, and scary. Warmth soaked her crotch as the Godhunter peed powerfully into her panties, saturating the fabric. But it stopped before it could go any further.

All traces of fear and her accident vanished as her magic dealt with the problem. The fear and the release would return. But it would be at a later time, not in front of anyone. It wasn’t the most elegant solution, but she couldn’t afford to show weakness, and she wasn’t wearing any sort of protective garment. Especially in shorts. Besides, this fear, this release, was quite thrilling. She so rarely felt such a thing. Raising her hand, she held the medallion out, its sapphire once again lighting up as it forced her foe back into her human form.

Artioa smiled with satisfaction as she saw that this time, her foe didn’t flee. She would-suddenly, she was changing. Her fur became flesh, her claws dull fingernails, her four legs two. She came to a halt, staring at the woman in front of her in horror. How could she force her into human form!? Well, no matter. She would strike her down with magic, then. The goddess raised her staff, summoning entangling vines to wrap around Tyra and a pulse of life draining energy to sap her strength and make escape impossible. But her magic didn’t come. The poison reacted powerfully to the casting, and she doubled over, throwing up on the ground. Her bowels churned, and she felt liquid mess start to spill out.

She was a goddess, she couldn’t be soiling herself. This was impossible. But it was happening. She tried to stand, but she couldn’t. As she looked up, she saw the woman approaching her, bow slung over her shoulder and plain gray dagger in hand. She tried to call upon her magic again, but all she felt was rising sickness. Her opponents face showed confidence, and perhaps a little disdain. That was the last straw. Her bowels started fully moving, wet, sticky diarrhea staining her legs as she began to fearfully void her bowels. She tried to channel magic again, and it spurted out harder. The wet, disgusting feeling of her shit coating her legs and bottom, helplessly having an accident like a child when she was supposed to be the most powerful thing in this forest…she just wanted to curl up and cry.

Suddenly, she felt herself lifted up. The woman who had done this to her grinned, looking directly into her tearful eyes. A hand groped her bottom, not that it was possible to make the mess any worse than it already was. “It seems they don’t potty train their goddesses here. How about it, Artio? Do you think you deserve to be wielding any power here? To even be wearing those big girl panties of yours?”

Artio blushed fiercely. She would not be mocked. It was all because of that poison. “You are just a coward who uses poison. Some trick to make this happen. Your words mean nothing.” Her voice was even as she replied. But she was scared. No one had ever handled her like this before, forced her to humiliate herself. She hated it.

“Oh really?” the woman holding her replied. Raising the dagger in her hand, she pressed the tip against Artio’s neck. The goddess let out a slight gasp of fear, despite her best efforts. The wet spot on her panties doubled in size. The woman slid the knife down, cutting open Artio’s clothes and exposing her considerable breasts. The blade created a thin trail of blood down Artio’s chest, ever so slightly piercing skin. No knife, no matter how heavily enchanted, should be able to do that! Artio knew it was over. As the blade cut her flesh, she finally succumbed to fear. It all came out at once. Her diarrhea redoubled, and her bladder came pouring out full force, trails of glistening yellow urine staining her pristine white legs for the first time she could remember. Tears began to fall, the proud goddess unable to believe what was happening. “W-why are you doing this to me…” she asked weakly. All the strength, all the fight, was gone from her.

“Because you are mine. You are all mine. And I will do what I please with you until you learn to obey.” Tyra told her. Her hand moved down, caressing Artio’s now soaked crotch as she continued to pee. “You will learn to enjoy weakness.” The archer declared, and suddenly Artio felt some unseen hand caressing her exposed breasts, fondling them. She couldn’t help but let out a soft moan. She felt the hilt of the dagger press into her most private place, through the barely there fabric of her soaked panties, and there was nothing she could do but cry out with pleasure as Tyra brought her to a climax as she finished using her clothes as a toilet.

Tyra carefully set her bow down in its usual place. She looked around the room, undisturbed since she had left it. It seemed Lelina hadn’t been back since she left. She would do it now then. There were no kids left to catch her. She missed them, every one. She would need to find more. She didn’t know what she would do, cooped up in here all day. But for now…

The red-haired woman stripped out of her clothes, except for her lacy black panties. She sat down on the bed, one hand on her breast and the other reaching inside her panties. Then she let it all come back. The roar, the fear, the charging beast…she gasped aloud and instinctively threw up a hand to protect herself. The adrenaline, the fear…all of it rushed through her. It felt good. Pee gushed out of her, with all the force and panic that it had had back when Artio was actually charging her.

Her panties were soaked instantly, a puddle forming on the bed and spreading, soaking her legs. She was rubbing herself through the wet panties, moaning in pleasure…she felt her fear reach its height and her body push a soft, warm mass into her panties, staining them heavily. She cried out in pleasure, and a second liquid soaked her panties as she collapsed backwards, panting. She could barely remember the last time she had been frightened into pooping herself like that. She hadn’t even realized that was going to happen.

Lelina watched from the scrying sensor, grinning as her wife pleasured herself, relived her earlier fear. She felt a bit bad, really, using Tyra’s techniques against her. She had loved her, once. But seeing her secretly filling her panties, hiding such thoughts even from Lelina…it was quite exciting. Controlling power had always been something Lelina enjoyed, and the Godhunter was quite the prize.

Forces of Nature: The Earth

(Rape warning? Woman to woman, she’s certainly enjoying it, and this plot arch is basically all about mind rape anyway, but its still pretty weird so warnings are required.)

Terra smashed another one of the glowing purple creatures to bits. Whatever these things were, they needed to die. They had no right to be in the domain of one of her granddaughters. One of them had already vanished, snatched away by some unknown force. She could not let them take more.

Earlier, Terra had awoken to something…missing. One of her daughters had vanished. So she rose from her circle of standing stones and went to investigate. When she arrived, all that was left was a mysterious trail of magical energy and a few of these ectoplasmic…things. After smashing them to bits, she hadn’t found any trace of her daughter. Whatever had taken her had left through a means that did not require traveling over the earth. But she could feel an intrusion in Minerva’s realm. Her wisest, and perhaps strongest daughter was next.

When she arrived, she had found an army of these purple things. They had already subdued Minerva’s warriors, most of the armored women suspended in fields of purple energy. She momentarily tried to free them, but to no avail. It appeared most of them hadn’t been as brave as they claimed- the smell in the area was horrible. Reluctantly, Terra left them be. She had lots of enemies to smash.

The creatures posed little threat to Terra’s rock-hard body. She rampaged through them, ignoring their attacks. She could occasionally feel mental attacks as well, but thankfully Minerva’s domain protected her from such thing. Her daughter’s powerful will created a mighty barrier against such things.

The army of constructs seemed never ending. Even Terra was beginning to tire of the creatures. She was slowly pushing her way towards Minerva’s castle, but the going was so slow with these things underfoot. So she reared up to her full height, and brought a massive fist crashing down. The earth shook, cracks opening up from within and swallowing up hundreds of the golems. But suddenly, her attack was thrown off. She could feel threats appearing. Some in her domain, some in the domains of her other daughters. A lance of pain shot through her body, and the earth calmed. They had destroyed her outermost standing stone. Damn it! She had to go back. Minerva could handle herself. Summoning her power, she prepared to dive into the earth, but…she felt Minerva’s barrier fade. She stopped. She couldn’t leave her daughter is she was in that much trouble. With a grimace, she signaled to all of her earth elementals within her own domain to rise up and fight. They would have to be enough.

Luckily, her quake had lasted long enough to deal with a large number of the enemies. It was much faster going, cutting through the swarm towards Minerva’s sanctuary. Now, however, she could feel their mental attacks prying at her mind, and it was getting weaker, bit by bit. Still, she was almost there. As she reached the castle door, she found one last guardian standing in her way. A woman dressed in a tight-fitting bodysuit, her form as perfect as one of the gods. Like all Elan, she had bright blue eyes and red hair. Terra felt herself drawn into those eyes, unable to look away.

“You will do exactly as I say.” The Elan told her, and she found herself unable to refuse. She found herself crouching as psionic energy coursed through her, and a sudden, unbearable pain in her stomach led to her forcefully pushing. There was a series of loud and wet farts as she pushed magically conjured liquid poo into her clothes. It was warm and sticky, spreading across her bottom and falling down her legs. She grunted again, intentionally pushing out more of the disgusting mess. She couldn’t believe what was happening. She had birthed the Titans. There was nothing greater than her. She had never gone to the bathroom in her clothes before. But there was no denying the reality as she obediently cooperated with the void bowels spell. “Now follow.” The Elan commanded, and she obeyed.

Minerva panted with effort. Whoever this intruder is, she was strong. She had entered with a bow, but cast it aside in favor of a plain gray dagger when Minerva had met her in melee combat. There was no way such a weapon, unenchanted, could harm Minerva, but so far it seemed to be blocking her weapon just fine, despite the fact she was wielding a holy artifact. As she raised her spear to strike again, she was taken completely by surprise. Her opponent unleashed a dragon’s breath weapon.

A powerful bolt of lightning streaked across the battlefield. It was all Minerva could do to desperately dive out of the way. She could feel the power of it narrowly miss her. For the first time since she was a child, Minerva could feel the warmth of fear dampen her panties. That had been close. She started to pull herself to her feet, eyes still locked on the strange woman who had intruded on her domain. So she didn’t even see the second, third, and fourth lightning bolts coming at her form behind. Three copies of the mighty breath weapon struck her in the back simultaneously.

Minerva screamed. She screamed louder than she thought possible. It was the worst pain she had ever felt. None of her muscles were working. Her spear was flung away. Her pants were rapidly soaked as she uncontrollably pissed herself. She could feel a heavy weight descend into her panties, and there was absolutely nothing she could do about it. She felt a little better about this accident. It wasn’t because her will had faltered. When the pain finally stopped, she pulled herself partially up, leaning back against the wall. The woman was approaching her. She gulped. Thankfully, she was empty now…wait, she could feel her bowels filling again. Oh no.

“You’ve lost, Minerva. You are once again mine.” Tyra told her. The plain gray dagger brushed up against her neck, but Minerva ignored it. Such a thing couldn’t hurt her. She kept believing that until the weapon pricked into her skin as it cut her clothes open. She went cold. That weapon did more damage to her divine body than even that lightning bolt. It cut through her flesh as easily as tissue paper. This time, she broke. Soft mess was forced into her panties, pushing the thick white garment to its limits. She hated it, but she simply cowered and pooped herself.

Once the dagger had done its work, the woman sheathed it. Minerva felt a hand cup her breast, and the other her soaked, panty clad crotch. Both hands were tingling with lightning, and she couldn’t hold back a small moan at the feeling. Her moans became louder as the redhead’s hands went to work. Soon enough, her pants came off, and Minerva could feel the charge even stronger as Tyra had her way with her. The mess moving around inside her underwear was disgusting, but Minerva was a virgin. She had never felt anything like this before, and eagerly lost herself in it.

Terra followed obediently through the halls of Minerva’s castle. Those awful purple creatures were everywhere in here, too. Palace guards were suspended in the same purple fields, in the same soiled armor as their counterparts. Terra couldn’t feel disdainful of them anymore as she felt the liquid mess dirtying her panties and coating her legs. Her captor led her to Minerva’s bedroom. The place was massive and well furnished, as befitting of a goddess. But what Terra saw snapped her out of the obedient mind control. A red haired woman she didn’t recognize was rising to her feet, pulling her pants and panties back up. Laying on the bed, face flushed and panting, was Minerva. Terra let out a roar of rage.

Whoever this was had not only stolen a daughter away from her, but raped this one right in front of her! She leaped forward, snatching the redhead up in one of her giant hands and pulling her right up to her face. “How dare you! Who do you think you are, touching my granddaughter!” her hand squeezed her victim tightly. “I’ll make you wish you never touched-“ Terra’s anger was cut off as she felt, all at once, her standing stone shatter. It seemed her earth elementals hadn’t been enough. Tyra fell from her now weak grasp, unfazed and calmly landing on her feet. Terra fell to her knees, strength leaving her body. She felt so weak… this girl was toying with her. She had waited to destroy the stones, instead of simply breaking them as she went. She stared up at Tyra in horror, warmth now completely soaking her legs as she pissed herself, a puddle rapidly forming beneath her.

“Look at you, Mother Earth. Still just a frightened child without and potty training, just like the rest of them. Minerva, you’re grandmother’s been bad. She’s made a mess. Why don’t you punish her for all the times she punished you as a child?”

Terra stared wide eyed in horror as a smile spread across Minerva’s face. Her eyes seemed glazed over, not looking at anything. She rose, easily lifting the barely mobile Earth Mother onto her lap. “You’ve been naughty.” She scolded, her voice teasing. Then she started to spank Terra.

She couldn’t take it anymore. It was the last straw. Her power was gone, at least temporarily, her daughter’s were being taken and worse, and now Minerva was spanking her like a child in front of the woman who was taking everything from her. She broke completely. As Minerva’s hand impacted her messy bottom, she bawled like a child. “Stop, please, stop!” she cried, tears streaming down her face. With the first few hits, she farted. After that, she started messing herself at the impact, pushing a sizable lump of poo into her already dirty panties with each strike. Minerva giggled. “She’s pooping! Maybe you should put her in a diaper, Tyra.” Terra’s mind wasn’t coherent enough to listen anymore. All she could do was sob and try and hide her mind away from what was happening to her.

*048*2018-01-16 08:44

{{7 hours ago, Poowrite said:

I 'unno what Smite is, but I liked your stories of it (b^_^)b

}}

Thanks! Its some god based MOBA. I played it a long time ago but apparently all these new victims came out, so things were made.

*050*2018-01-16 18:27

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

What excellent stories these are

}}

Thanks!

