An interesting car ride

Author: Brittanybunny

*000*2017-02-26 18:42

It was a beautiful night, the sky was filled with stars, the waves were crashing along the shore, and it was nice and warm outside. Amy and Mike were having the night of their lives, watching the waves. It has been a long day running around on a hot summers day so they had been drinking quite the amount of water. Amy was cuddled into Mike's side when she noticed him fidgeting in place. Amy looked at her boyfriend with concern "Hey, are you ok?" she asked. Mike jumped a bit, he had about four large bottles of water before they got here and he needed to pee. "Y..yea I'm ok" he said.

He looked over at his girlfriend seeing her legs crossed, and remembered her drinking a ton of water too. He kinda found it hot the way she looked when she had to pee. Amy wasn't buying the false act, and decided to find a way to make him admit it.

She looked at the waves, which weren't helping her situation and smiled.

"Ya know, I love the way the waves sway back and forth, how warm the ocean was today, just splashing around everywhere, it's nice isnt it?" Mike held his crotch at the thought of that "Baby please I gotta pee, can we head on home?" Amy nodded and an urge hit her and made her feel her own desperation. " Ok, I gotta go too, lets go on home". They hurried and got into his car and began to drive. Amy soon was squirming in her seat, desperately needing to go. Mike was squirming in his own seat as he focused on driving. Amy had her hands between her legs as she squirmed. Mike began to whine and hold himself with one hand "Amy I dont know how long I can hold it, I have to pee so bad". Amy felt bad seeing her boyfriend like this "Come on baby you can hold it, we are almost home". Mike smiled and nodded, they were doing good and could be home soon.

Or so they thought....

There was a big accident on the freeway that was lead the road to be stopped and slow traffic down. Mike groaned in agony as he held his crotch tightly to prevent himself from leaking. Amy was in the passenger seat, legs crossed, holding herself tightly, looking like she was in pain. Mike couldn't bear to see her hurt. "Amy please, just let go, its ok, I dont wanna see you in pain, just pee, please pee". Hearing himself say that word made his desperation worse.

Amy shook her head " I..i can't, I wont sit here and ruin your car, ohhhh god I really have to pee". Mike saw Amy holding herself and he got a bit hard, wow she was pretty when she had to pee. Once traffic started moving they hit a bump which caused him to spurt in his pants. Amy also leaked a lot in her panties and she was on the verge of loosing it. "Oh no Mike im gonna pee my pants, I can't hold it in any longer!" She leaked again and Mike could see it. He found a place to pull over near a forest area, he had a plan. " Get out of the car, I got a plan". He got out of the car but not without holding himself tightly as he shut his door and made his way to the grass and sat down. Amy got out and shut the door, falling to her knees and holding herself.

She eventually crawled to Mike and was shocked when he lifted her onto his lap. "Listen ok? On the count of three, we let go and pee, I dont wanna see you in pain or ruin the car, I got towels in the back that we can place on the seats". Amy nodded, squirming around badly " Ok... Please hurry, I cant hold it any more!" Mike nodded " I know.... Ok, ready? 1...2...." Before he could hit three, he felt a warm bliss on his crotch, it was Amy, she was peeing her panties. "3......" His own desperation came to an end as he began to wet his pants. Pee was spraying out of both of them like a garden hose. Mike moaned softly as relief hit him and he had a beautiful girl peeing on his lap. His smile turned to a frown when he realized Amy wasn't moving, she was shaking, she was crying. He sat up and held her in his arms.

"Look at me, Im peeing like a baby in my panties, you must thing im disgusting now". Mike lifted her chin and kissed her. "You are far from disgusting, I wet myself too, we both had to go, I know you couldn't hold it, you had to pee, and you peed, you dont believe me? Can you feel my lap?" Amy blushed when she shifted and could feel his bulge. "Y..you're hard? Because of me wetting?" Mike nodded shyly and held her. Amy smiled and kissed her boyfriend deeply. "Wanna continue this at home?" She asked with a tone that showed she was up to no good. Mike smirked and nodded "You know I do..". He put the towels on the seats, they got back into the car and drove home and had a long playful night.

*002*2017-02-26 21:51

{{1 hour ago, Gemmy said:

Simple but nice, made for a lovely read.

}}

Thanks!

