"It Can't Happen Again" - A Goblin Slayer Fanfiction

Author: Bulge_Lover

*000*2019-05-21 05:32

Hello everyone. Long time, no write. This is something I was inspired to throw together after watching the anime Goblin Slayer. One character in this series canonically has a real issue with fear wetting, and as such, I simply had to put my own spin on things. Of course, as with all fanfiction, it's highly recommended that you be familiar with the series first. Just be warned: Goblin Slayer features extremely brutal violence and graphic depictions of rape and sexual assault, so if that will disturb you, best avoid this whole thing. Seriously, the fact that this series even exists is almost an affront to ethics itself. Don't say I didn't warn you. However, this particular story features none of that.

Now that that's all out of the way, I hope you enjoy the read.

*****

This story begins at the farm, after the battle of Water Town.

Part 1 of 2

*****

“We need to talk.”

The Priestess looked up from her prayers, her eyes settling on the armored man who she'd been spending so much time with lately. Goblin Slayer was standing in the doorway, dressed the same as he usually was, his shortsword on his hip and his buckler hanging from his left arm. In his right hand, he was holding a large clay pitcher. “Of course, Goblin Slayer. What is it you need?” she asked, setting her staff on the bed beside her.

“Two times now, when goblins seriously threatened you, you relieved yourself in your clothes,” Goblin Slayer said plainly. “First on the day that we met, and then after I was injured in Water Town. It can't happen again.”

The Priestess jumped to her feet, folding her hands over her face, her pale skin instantly burning bright red. “You-you-you noticed that!?” she whined as she retreated against the back wall of the room.

“Of course I did,” Goblin Slayer stated. “And the goblins did as well. We were lucky. The first time, their numbers were small enough for me to handle easily. The second time, we left soon afterwards. But if it happens early into a dangerous hunt, the scent could lead every goblin in the place straight to us. As I said, it can't happen again.”

The Priestess sat down on the floor, placing her hands on her thighs and looking at her feet. “I was just so scared,” she whispered. “And after spending time traveling and moving through the caves, I really had to, and when I thought I was going to die, I just couldn't control it.”

“None of that matters,” Goblin Slayer said. “Fear. Urgency. It's all irrelevant. You emptying your bladder in enemy territory is a threat to the whole party. It is a problem. So we are going to solve that problem.” Goblin Slayer stepped further into the room, placing the pitcher he carried on the floor in front of the Priestess. “Drink this. Every drop of it.”

The blonde girl looked between the pitcher and Goblin Slayer. “What's going to happen?” she asked tentatively.

“Isn't it obvious? You are going to learn how to hold your water, no matter the circumstances. Consider this to be training.”

The Priestess eyed the pitcher. It was very large, containing at least three liters of water. “Are you really going to make me do this?” she asked softly. “Is it really that important?”

“Yes. Drink.” He used his boot to slide the pitcher closer to the Priestess.

“This is really weird,” she muttered. However, she reached out and gripped the pitcher, struggling to lift the heavy water-filled clay. “But you haven't steered us wrong yet. If you say that I'm a danger to the party, I'll do anything to improve myself.” She raised the pitcher to her lips and began to drink.

As the Priestess sipped at her water, Goblin Slayer turned towards the door. “Finish that. I'm going to patrol the farm. Meet me outside when the pitcher is empty.”

The Priestess nodded, and he left the small bedroom.

*****

Goblin Slayer walked the fences of the farmstead, scanning the ground for any signs of disturbance. He checked every fence post, making sure they were sturdy, and he circled the outskirts of the property to ensure that no tracks could be seen. The process took just over half an hour, and as he approached the farmhouse, the Priestess stumbled out of the front door. Her eyes were hazy and she was breathing heavily.

“I've never drank that much before in my life,” she exhaled as Goblin Slayer approached her.

“You shouldn't drink that fast. It can make you sick,” he said.

“You told me to!” she complained, waving her arms in frustration.

“I never told you to drink it quickly, just to drink it,” Goblin Slayer stated. “Anyway, we're going to town. I need to purchase potions and check if any scrolls were brought in. Follow me.”

He turned towards the path out of the farm and started walking without another word. The Priestess sighed and followed after him, struggling to keep pace with her stomach so full of water. The town was about an hour's walk from the farm, and as they passed the half way mark, Goblin Slayer came to a stop as he heard the Priestess muttering under her breath.

“What is it?” he asked, turning to face her.

“Nothing,” she said with a suppressed voice. “It's just...I'm already at the point that I would normally step behind a tree.”

“Good,” Goblin Slayer said. “Don't complain about it though. Unnecessary noise attracts goblins just as well as scent does. Deal with it quietly.”

And so they walked on, until the roofs of towers and homes became visible over the treeline. Goblin Slayer turned to the Priestess, noting her condition. She gripped her staff tightly, and she took small, hurried steps with her thighs held together. Her face was sweaty and reddened, but she remained silent. Until, that is, they approached the town gate.

“Goblin Slayer,” she yelped quietly. “I...I really need to...”

“That's the point,” he interrupted. “It's going to get difficult. Really difficult. And you are going to handle yourself like the professional adventurer that you are. Could you imagine the Sword Maiden flooding her robes? The High Elf Archer darkening the dirt beneath her? No. They are strong, and you need to be strong if you are going to continue following me. I kill goblins. If you want to help me do so, fine. But you can not jeopardize my mission.”

The Priestess looked to the ground, her footing unsteady as she rocked her hips back and forth. “Yes, Goblin Slayer. I understand.”

“Stop moving like that.” Goblin Slayer stepped forwards, pointing at her constantly shifting stance. “You need to be balanced. If I shoved you now, you would go straight down. How do you think you would fare against a goblin's club? Even when you're not in combat, you should train yourself to stay steady.”

“If...if I stand straight, I'll really...”

“The day has only just begun, Priestess. This is not your limit. Toughen up and follow me, we're going to the Guild Hall.” Goblin Slayer turned and began walking again. The Priestess released a muffled whine, forcing her legs to move properly as she proceeded after him. Her knuckles were white from gripping her staff so tightly, and her whole body was sweaty and burning hot.

It's only been an hour since I finished the water, she thought to herself as she trailed Goblin Slayer through the streets. Am I really this weak, that I need relief so badly this soon? What if I wet myself in the streets...people here know me... And I don't want Goblin Slayer to see, but he probably won't let me out of his sight... The Priestess whined again and gripped the staff even tighter, holding it close to her body. Oh Merciful Earth Mother, grant me the power to hold on until I'm somewhere private...

Of course, this was not a real Miracle that she had been granted, and so the staff remained inactive as the two of them approached the Guild Hall. Goblin Slayer threw open the heavy wooden doors and held them as the Priestess slowly made her way inside. “Sit there,” he ordered, pointing to an empty chair at one of the many tables nearby. “If I see you trying to sneak towards the privy, you'll drink another liter.”

The Priestess nodded frantically, sitting on the chair and double-crossing her skinny legs. Goblin Slayer approached the counter, and the young woman sitting there turned to face him. “I need a quest-”

“To kill goblins,” the woman interrupted him with a smile. “We all know the drill by now. I actually saved two quests for you. The one I think you'd be most interested in is this. A large mansion that was invaded by goblins two days ago, about fifty kilometers to the west of here. The mansion's residents managed to escape due to guards noticing the incoming threat. Nobody is injured, but they do want their home back as soon as possible, of course.”

“How many goblins?”

The Guild Girl pursed her lips and looked down at the quest sheet. “An estimated thirty, from what the guards saw before they fled. They also spotted two that were quite larger than the others.”

“What's the other quest?”

The woman set down the sheet and picked up the other one. “An estimated six goblins took over a cave where a farmer was growing mushrooms. They have not acted hostile towards him or his family, but they're causing a huge racket and they've already killed two of his cows.”

“How far?”

“Ten kilometers.”

“We'll take that one for today.”

The Guild Girl tilted her head slightly. “Are you sure? I thought you would want the one where you could rack up more kills.”

“Normally, yes, but we can not make such a long journey today, for our own reasons. Also, nobody is in danger at the mansion, while the goblins in the cave could strike at any time.”

“Very well, Goblin Slayer. The reward is-”

“Doesn't matter. I'll be back tonight to collect whatever it is.”

He turned away from the counter and strode across the room, stopping in front of the Priestess. “We have a quest. We head out as soon as I buy the potions I need and check for scrolls. Come now.”

The Priestess looked up at him through unfocused eyes. Her knees bounced up and down frantically, and her arms were crossed tightly around her staff. Her cheeks and forehead were bright red, and her breathing was strained and loud. “I don't know if I can stand up,” she whispered. “I need relief so badly, Goblin Slayer. Please, let me go to the privy and let out even just a little bit, so I can keep walking...”

“No,” Goblin Slayer stated. “If you release even a little bit in goblin territory, it will draw them to us. That is the purpose of this training, to teach you how to hold it for as long as you need to, even if you're frightened, even if you've been waiting all day.”

“But you aren't 'teaching' me anything!” she complained. “You're just making me sit here, bursting, but I don't know how I can keep it in anymore!”

Goblin Slayer was silent for a moment, and then he exhaled deeply. “You're right. Very well. Listen to me, then. Your body is capable of holding a lot more than you think it is. What causes the intense sensations you're feeling is your brain thinking that you're able to relieve yourself at any time. In town, you use the privy at an inn or in the Guild Hall. On the road, you do it behind a tree. Holding it this long isn't something that you normally do, so you aren't mentally prepared for it. You need to overcome that. You need to suppress the part of your mind that thinks you're allowed to relieve yourself and let your body do its job. Once your body understands that you will not be able to empty your bladder any time soon, the urgency will subside.”

“You can't be right,” the Priestess mumbled. “I need it so, so badly. There's no way I could possibly hold any more. It's...it's gonna come out...”

“Feel your stomach.”

“Huh?”

“Right under your navel. Press in on it.”

The Priestess sighed and did as she was asked. She placed a hand on her stomach and pushed in on her soft skin. As she increased the pressure, she felt an immense jolt in her bladder that caused her to squeak and twist up her legs again. “Why are you making me press on my bladder, some almost just came out...”

“Your skin is still soft. I saw how far you pressed in before you felt it. When your bladder fills, and I mean really fills, the skin will stretch and tighten as your bladder expands. When you can't compress the skin even one centimeter, that is when you are truly reaching your limit. That is the point you need to reach, and you need to be able to exist at that point for an extended period of time while remaining composed and combat-ready. You have to train your body to be unable to relax unless you want it to, and that is what we are doing today. Now stand up, put it out of your mind, and follow me.”

Goblin Slayer turned and walked to the door of the Guild Hall, waiting with his gauntlet wrapped around the handle. The Priestess inhaled deeply and forced herself to her feet, fighting as hard as she could to stand steadily. She could feel the sweat between her thighs, her womanhood throbbing in desperation, her bladder contracting over and over again, knowing that there was a privy a mere ten meters across the room. However, she clenched her fists around her staff once more and followed Goblin Slayer back onto the busy street.

The Alchemist's shop was only two doors over, and they quickly entered the small showroom. Rows of multicolored potions lined the shelves behind the counter, but the Alchemist was nowhere to be seen. There was, however, a tall and very busty woman in black robes, wearing a pointed hat over her long violet hair. The Witch stood near the right side of the counter, leaning forwards to read the labels on the rows of potions. As the two adventurers entered, she stood straight and looked to them.

“Well hello there, Goblin Slayer,” she said in her usual slow, intentionally sexualized voice. “What brings you in...” she trailed off, turning her eyes to the Priestess, who was vibrating on the spot, one leg planted on the ground and the other folding up and down at a rate of twice per second. “Never mind, what's going on there?” she asked, pointing at the clearly distressed girl.

“She wet herself twice while fighting goblins,” Goblin Slayer said simply. “I'm teaching her how to hold it in so it doesn't happen again.”

“DON'T TELL PEOPLE THAT!” the Priestess shrieked, covering her face and turning around to face the wall.

The Witch released a loud, sultry laugh, then strode over to the two of them. She placed a hand on the Priestess' shoulder and spun the girl around, leaning down to match her height. “Only Goblin Slayer would come up with training so...unique,” she said. “As unorthodox as it is, I have to say...the ability to go ages without relief is truly a gift for any adventurer. Especially if you're going after creatures sensitive to smells. If there's one thing that I know about our Goblin Slayer, it's that he is no pervert. You have nothing to worry about.” She stood up and looked over the counter, making sure the Alchemist was still out of sight. “You know, you shouldn't fold up your legs like that. It creates pressure. It feels so good to curl up and hold yourself, but if you really want to push your limits, you need to stand straight and do it with willpower alone.”

“That's...that's sort of like what Goblin Slayer told me earlier...” the Priestess mumbled.

“Well, it's true,” said the Witch. “When it gets really bad, your mind is what needs to be strong, it's not only about your body. It will take some time and practice to learn how to hold it properly, how to withstand the pain and pressure, but I believe in you.”

The Priestess nodded and placed her other leg on the ground, shivering as she forced herself to stand still. “It's such a strange and powerful feeling,” she said, closing her eyes as she felt the waves of pressure between her legs. “I've never felt this before, do you really think I can keep holding it?”

“How much did you drink?” the Witch asked.

“It was... A little over three liters, I think,” the Priestess stated.

“Oh wow,” the Witch said, a bit faster than her usual manner of speech. “That is a lot, and it's certainly going to come out at some point whether you like it or not. However, looking at you, I do think you do have some time left. If I could offer a bit of...womanly advice, you could try to learn how to...enjoy the sensations. That much pressure, right where it is. One could experience it as pain, or one could experience it as a source of pleasure.”

The Priestess looked about ready to sink through the floor before Goblin Slayer intervened. “There's no place for pleasure while killing goblins. She has to learn how to deal with it while remaining focused. She'll-”

He cut himself off as the alchemist finally stepped out from the back of the shop. The man eyed Goblin Slayer and the Witch, then turned towards his shelves of potions. “The usual orders?” he asked.

“Yes,” Goblin Slayer stated, and the Witch nodded as well. The alchemist reached out and gathered up a number of small vials, then proceeded to pile them into two small sacks. He handed one to Goblin Slayer, and the other to the Witch. The two of them handed over some coin, and the alchemist thanked them and retreated back to his laboratory.

“We're leaving,” Goblin Slayer said to the Witch. “See you next time.”

“Please be careful with the girl,” the Witch said softly. “She isn't like us, she's not used to this kind of thing. If you push her too hard, she really might do it in the street. Such a thing is bad enough for a man, for a young woman it would truly be humiliating. Are you sure you won't grant her some relief before you move on?”

The Priestess stood stiffly, her legs quivering but steady, the sweat on her deeply reddened face visible from across the room. Her eyes darted towards the door to the privy behind the alchemist's counter, the slightest flicker of hope growing in her tortured soul.

Goblin Slayer turned to the Witch. He looked between her and the Priestess, and then shook his head. “Goblins will never be careful with her. Goblins aren't concerned that she isn't as experienced as us. Goblins will one day push her further than I ever could. You are right, she is not like us. But she has to become like us as soon as possible. Don't get in my way.”

The Priestess' eyes lowered to the floor as Goblin Slayer pulled the door open and ushered her back onto the busy street. I can't take it anymore, the Priestess thought as she walked past dozens of citizens and other adventurers, her bladder contracting and throbbing with every step. I need to go, I NEED to, I can't walk any further like this, it's going to come out, right here in the street, everyone will see, I'll have to leave town. It's too much, the pressure is impossible to withstand.

“GOBLIN SLAYER!” the Priestess yelped, reaching out and gripping his left gauntlet tightly. He stopped and looked down at her strained, teary face. “Goblin Slayer, I'm...I'm going to have an accident, I can't walk anymore. Please, you have to let me hide somewhere, you have to let me release some of it!”

She could not see any expression through the slits in his helmet, but she knew that his eyes were locked on her own. She knew he could see the agony in her eyes, the absolute desperation that she felt. He had to understand that she couldn't go any further.

Goblin Slayer slowly reached his right hand across his body, using it to detach her small hand from his arm. He then took his left hand and placed it gently on her shoulder, still staring straight at her. She had no idea what was going through his mind as he stood there for what had to be twenty seconds. And then he shook his head and removed his hand from her shoulder. “We're going to the blacksmith. Stay close.”

The Priestess' arms dropped limply to her sides as the man began walking again. Drops of sweat fell from her chin, landing on her chest and boots. I guess I tried, she thought helplessly as she watched him walk away. I am trying. I really am. I understand that this will help me in the future, but I'm really at my limit. I guess I'll just do it here. It's not like I have a choice.

The Priestess took a small step, separating her feet to shoulder width. As soon as she did so, she felt her bladder preparing to release itself all over her robes, boots, and the ground under her. The pressure built up, and she relaxed her muscles. Just as she felt her water preparing to burst out of her, felt that tingly and intense build up just before the release, the residual feeling of Goblin Slayer's hand on her shoulder slipped into her mind.

Wait.

Somehow, in a crime against reality itself, she held back. She realized it, just then. The reason why Goblin Slayer was doing this.

I already know that he doesn't want me to become a liability. He doesn't want me to endanger the party. That's all true. But it's more than that. He wants to keep me safe. I felt it, when he was looking at me, even though I couldn't see his face. He doesn't want to be doing this any more than I do. He's fought so hard to protect me, almost died for my sake more than once. He cares about me. He really does. He wants me to become stronger so that if he's ever not there to save me, I can save myself. He doesn't want to put me through this, but he has to, because it's just one of many things that I need to do if I'm ever going to be his equal, if he's ever going to trust me the way that I trust him.

The Priestess' hands found their strength again and gripped her staff tightly. She stood straight once more, biting her lip to restrain a shout as her bladder thundered, furious at the tease of relief it felt before being clamped shut again. And then she began to walk, step after step as her body cried out in torment, unable to comprehend why she was forcing it to endure such punishment. She pursed her lips and picked up her pace, catching up with Goblin Slayer just as he reached the door of the blacksmith's shop. As he reached for the door handle, she grasped his gauntlet again.

“Priestess-” he started, clearly ready to scold her for her repeated attempts at gaining his permission for relief.

“I understand,” she interrupted. “I get why we're doing this now, and I'll hold on as long as you want me to, no matter what. I'm sorry for doubting you. Let's go in.”

Goblin Slayer stared at her for a moment, and then nodded slowly. “That's good to hear.” He looked to the door handle again, and after a moment, he dropped his arm. “Listen, it's almost certain that no new scrolls came in since yesterday. Let's get on the road. I'll stop by tomorrow."

The Priestess blinked and her gaze turned to the road heading out of the town. "Really? We can leave already?"

Goblin Slayer nodded slowly. "Yes. I choose to believe in you, that you'll continue to hold on despite being alone on the road with me. It is unnecessary for me to parade you around town as you are. You seem to have things figured out now, that this has to be done, so we will leave the town, head towards our objective, and you will be protected when you finally do reach your true limit."

The Priestess performed some imitation of a salute, forcing her legs to stay still as her bladder's continued attempts to empty itself went without answer. "Thank you, Goblin Slayer. Now let's move."

To Be Continued.

Probably.

*003*2019-05-23 22:14

{{5 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

And without a name he just feels like a machine to me.

}}

Funnily enough, that's basically the point of the character. He's a nameless, faceless force of nature, a walking suit of armor containing a being of wrath that has no objective other than to kill every goblin he can find.

So the fact that you're saying this means I wrote the character well, so I take that as a compliment lol.

Yes though, watching the series would definitely make this story more relatable.

*007*2019-07-30 16:58

{{On 7/28/2019 at 6:19 PM, skill said:

When is part two coming out

}}

Oh damn I forgot I even wrote this. Guess I gotta finish it lol. Thanks for reminding me.

