Omo Fantasies: All it needs is a willing woman

Author: betanumeric

*000*2020-08-20 09:48

Another follow-on from a helpful suggestion that some of the loooong answers I've been giving on the 'Ultimate Omo Fantasy' thread might do better here in the Fiction section...

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/60968-ultimate-omo-fantasy/?do=embed&comment=1806464&embedComment=1806464&embedDo=findComment"

This is (I think) the first one I posted, and it's a very, very simple thing for a woman to do. Be warned, it's pretty graphic in describing the terrible effect that it had on a man nearby, the unfortunate narrator.

All it needs is a willing woman...

She just smiles, mutters a quick "Excuse me" into my ear, as if she plans to dart into the restaurant across the road and use the loo.

Of course she will, nothing out of the ordinary, and she'll be back in a moment.

She moves half a step away, as if she's about to check her sunglasses, perfectly at ease, standing with her legs apart.

Her eyes are just a little out of focus, and she pauses in her breathing.

I can't believe that I am watching this.

Piss patters down onto the paving slabs, tapping on the stone for a moment.

Then... Nothing.

I can see a little trickle, down inside her thigh and winding around her calf: a quick flash on her ankle and a glimpse, a bubbling little flicker in her sandal.

She looks me straight in the eye - a game: look down and lose! - with a polite little pucker of her lips, and a look in her eyes of filthy, filthy mischief...

But no hint, unless you can see the wet flash of sunlight on her skin and the raindrops on the pavement, that anything is happening under her skirt.

...I can hear it. The whisper and hiss of pissing, deepening to an espresso-cup roar as a hot little pool fills out the cup of her pants and rises to immerse her; and the hiss becomes a muffled rush of pissing underwater.

Not just damp, not just wet: soaked, flooding, and overflowing.

And there it is: a wavering stream of piss, falling from under her skirt and clattering on the ground: a moment, a gasp, and it's hosing straight down into a puddle, spattering her ankles with a fine spray of droplets.

She throws back her head, runs her fingers through her hair, slips her headband back on and looks over her sunglasses:

"You lose!"

And indeed I do, looking down to see a sudden patch on the front of her miniskirt, where it touches the waistband of her underwear: damp, darkening, wet, spreading-out and running to the hem, a long finger pointing to a steady run of droplets falling in the air.

The falling stream falters and wavers, disappears beneath her skirt again, becoming two bright trickles on her legs: and that accusing finger on her skirt broadens out into an unmistakable "I've wet myself" patch on her front.

A sudden pattering behind her marks out a matching handprint of "Wet myself" at the back: I watch the hem drip-dripping as she walks away, legs still wet, trickles still running, as the fabric slithers and clings between her thighs, picking up more wetness from her skin.

One dark thumbprint, then two, joining-up to draw the outline of her panties in a sharp wet vee at her backside, soaking down to the handprint at the hem.

What must it be like, as the pool drains down, combing through her little ruff of hair and slicking it down with foam, to tickle and prinkle and spring back?

Surely she gasps and shivers a little?

Not a hint of it, as she walks the bold and confident strides of a fashionable woman on a perfect day.

I cannot follow her: I cannot move, losing our 'game' in spurt after spurt, as a dark spot at my pocket glistens and flows downwards...

Breathe.

This stops, right? I can move?

I can't.

She shimmies as she walks, relishing the slick silkiness of wetted skin on skin, droplets and trickles and trails, flashing, flickering and fading.

She pauses, still facing away from me, legs slightly crossed in a 'swimsuit' pose: and new a trickle runs down the back of her leg, bubbling at the heel of of her sandal, joining one wet footprint to another, and another, and another.

What, more?

Could she be standing like that to squeeze out her underwear? It must be sopping wet!

I compose myself, and start to catch up: just as I get to her, she sets her feet apart again, breathes out slowly, and a long, thin, stream of piss falls down again, pitter-pattering between her sandals again, faltering and wavering.

Not the cascade of a minute ago: but unmistakably, a woman letting herself piss until she has the satisfaction of relieving herself completely.

In her pants, to patter on the pavement, without embarrassment or hesitation.

I am frozen to the spot, losing again, and it seems like every shot of it is bigger than the last: I can feel it dribbling on my skin and I can't bring myself to care...

Her skirt is drying already, faintly stained but you just wouldn't know, until you saw her sprinkling, oh-so-very-delicately, onto the ground and onto her sandals, and onto those prettily-lacquered toenails.

A spurt, a sudden rush of droplets, a wet line on the pavement and a little flicker of a trickle on her ankle.

And off we go. Her, striding out, drying out, loving the feel of sunlight on her skin, knowing that the trail of wet footprints is fading to nothing as the last of the trickles run out of her sandal: walking away from the scene.

And me, wondering if anyone will see how awkwardly I'm walking - still painfully erect, for I know that she's walking in wet knickers - and trying not to draw attention to a wet patch in my trousers which will still be visible for quite a while.

It doesn't go away: she spends the afternoon releasing sudden spurts, every few minutes, drawing a line on the ground below her with a sharp little patter; or pausing in her walk to let a discreet little trickle flash and glisten down her leg, and disappear.

Sometimes she teases me with a glance, sometimes I am left to wonder whether I should lose another game of sweety-sweet smiles and puckering invitations to a kiss, while her eyes meet mine in a wordless mischief of slick and liquid sin.

And if you miss the moment when she did it?

We're out for a walk on a sunny afternoon, just another casually-fashionable couple taking the air.

.

.

.

