Urgency, With a Side of Romance

Author: BladderBuster

*000*2016-05-12 02:31

Chapter 1

Beep!

Kieran honked the horn, signaling Jessica to hurry up. Taking the clue, she grabbed her purse and ran out the door.

"Finally, I've grown a beard waiting for you!" Kieran remarked.

Blushing, Jessica stammered an excuse. Kieran gave her a teasing glance, and started backing out of the driveway.

Kieran and Jessica have been good friends, and they enjoyed each other's company. What Kieran didn't know is that Jessica wanted to take their relationship a bit further. Kieran, being an arrogant and patriotic leader, had invited Jessica to spend the day at Great America. Jessica gladly accepted.

As Kieran tried to strike up a conversation, Jessica felt a small disturbance. Her bladder was slightly full.

"I can hold it for awhile. I don't want to embarrass Kieran this early." Jessica thought.

"Are you alright?" Kieran inquired. "You haven't responded to anything I said."

"Huh? Oh, sorry! I kinda dozed off."

Jessica immediately regretted those words, as a flash of hurt crossed Kieran's face. Quickly hiding it, Kieran attempted another conversation, which succeeded.

Finally, Kieran pulled into the parking lot. As Jessica climbed out, her bladder reminded her of its situation. Promptly ignoring it, Jessica walked over to Kieran and started chatting.

"I love Great America, but the lines to everything are so long!"

As they walked towards the entrance, Kieran reached inside his rucksack. Jessica gasped as Kieran handed her a Flash Pass. With a twinkle in his eye, Kieran guided her to the entrance. After passing through security and such, Kieran headed to a locker area, where he deposited his bag.

"If you need the restroom, they're next to the lost and found."

Noticing the long line for the woman's room, Jessica declined. Her bladder longed for the toilet, but Jessica had other plans. On no account will she leave Kieran to use the bathroom.

"What ride do you want to go on first?"

"Uh, how about the Twizzler?"

"Fine by me!"

As they strolled to the roller coaster, Kieran noticed that Jessica was walked stiffer than usual. Not mentioning it, the duo marched on. Speeding through the VIP line, a growing weight settled in Jessica's stomach. Finally, Kieran and Jessica crawled into a car. An employee pushed down the safety harness, and Jessica gasped. A warm spot settled right in front of her vagina. Embarrased, she wiggled around to see if the wet spot was visible. Then, the coaster was off.

Trembling in fear, Jessica grasped the harness with one hand, and her crotch with the other. As the coaster crested the top, Jessica strained her muscles. A sudden free-fall sensation engulfed her. Time seemed to slow down, as the car started to pull up. An extreme force pushed on her abdomen, and a jet of urine streamed outwards. As the coaster started falling down, an erotic feeling filled Jessica's mind. She wondered why...

As Kieran stumbled down the walkway, Jessica grabbed his hand and pulled him to the closest bathroom.

"I gotta pee, I gotta pee, I gotta pee!" muttered Jessica.

Kieran, not questioning the likes of Jessica, followed along hesitantly. Finally the bathrooms loomed ahead, and two and two clicked in Kieran's head. Lagging behind, he watched as Jessica dashed into the doorway. Taking this opportunity, Kieran entered the Men's room.

Jessica slammed the stall door shut, and frantically yanked down her shorts and panties. Her curvy ass was tense, her anus a wrinkled star. Jessica relaxed, and immediately a flood poured out of her uthera. Moaning in pleasure, Jessica kept track of her bladder. Suddenly, the flow stopped. A sizeable amount of urine still lingered in her bladder, but Jessica pulled up her panties.

"I don't want to ruin ALL the fun."

