Water Bed

Author: BabyJordan

*000*2019-09-22 04:30

Jenny and Tom were having a lovely evening having a little dinner date. It was by no means fancy, but not a McDonalds either. They spent their time lovingly chatting about their lives. Jenny deeply loved Tom, and had been dating him for a few months now. She decided tonight would be the night she would give her virginity to him. Jenny had a lot to drink that night, some of it being alcohol to calm her nerves. She wanted tonight to be perfect, as did Tom. Tom was prepared with his favorite ultra thin Trojan condoms both flavored and not, ones with ridges to better pleasure Jenny.

Jenny was a busty blonde with G cup breasts, standing at 5’4’’ She had long blonde hair and bright blue eyes, in contrast to Tom’s jet black hair and dark green hair. And against the stereotype, Jenny was actually a very smart girl. She had done a lot of personal research into sex and pleasure which was not simply just masturbating, but actual research. And in that research she had found that the pleasure of sex could be intensified by having a full bladder during the act. Strange, she thought but she had practiced while masturbating a few times and found it to be true. It was much more pleasurable with a full bladder so she practiced holding while being pleasured to make sure she wouldn’t pee on her partner.

Fast forward back to present day, the two wasted no time in getting close and hands-y. They kissed gently at first, but it grew more passionate as time when on. Jenny tried to keep her squirming subtle, not wanting Tom to notice it. Which thankfully seemed to work as Tom unsnapped Jenny’s bra with one hand behind her back and pulled it out from under her shirt to feel her breasts. “So soft and big, all for me babe? You shouldn’t have” he said in a sexy gruff voice as he also in one swift motion pulled Jenny’s light pink shirt over her head and cast it aside for the night. He started by feeling up her chest, making sure to give it lots of attention, especially her erect nipples. He smiled as he felt them, then slowly, as if to build suspense, took one nipple in his mouth and licked it for Jenny to see.

Jenny whimpered in pleasure at Tom’s actions and it was music to his ears. As he let go of the nipple in his mouth with a small pop, Jenny started tugging at Tom’s formal white shirt. Tom chuckled and took it off. “Did you like that baby, Want more of daddy?” He asked as her eyes and hands roamed over his tanned washboard abs. He let this go on until she laid her hands down and whimpered needily again. “Don’t feel like using your words tonight do you? Fine then, you are no longer allowed. If you say a word it had better be your safeword. But your moans are like a symphony, so I expect plenty of those” He said in a harsh, dominant voice.

Jenny nodded, she knew her safeword by heart, but she didn’t plan on using it tonight unless she might pee on Tom. She hoped that wouldn’t happen, because she did sometimes pee once she came still.

Tom put a gag on Jenny to make sure she wouldn’t accidentally disobey, he had come prepared. He didn’t want to punish Jenny during their first play together after all. After playing with her breast for a few more minutes before getting up off the bed completely, causing Jenny to look at him questioningly. He went over to his dresser drawer and pulled out some handcuffs and a spreader bar. He turned Jenny on her stomach (much to her bladder’s displeasure and her excitement) and handcuffed her hands behind her back. She could tap the cuffs three times to safeword, which she knew. And the spreader bar kept her legs spread and imobile.

Though Jenny could see nothing but the pillow she lay on, she could clearly hear the distinct, purposeful sound of Tom undoing his belt and pulling down his zipper and the small thud of his pants hitting the floor. After a final sound, what can only be Tom ripping open a condom wrapper with his teeth and putting it on, then, silence. Several seconds passed of nothing, no movements or sound. And right when Jenny had thought that Tom was never to penetrate her, she felt him on top of her. His 6 inch, fully hard dick brushed up against the lips of her pussy ever so gently and he gently started to go inside of them and her inner lips, the tip of his penis, brushing up against her hole. He leaned down carefully “Are you ready for daddy, baby? I’m gonna go in now” He said as he slowly penetrated her, not wanting to hurt her.

He slowly inched his way halfway before he paused and spoke again “So tight for daddy, baby. I barely fit, you’re such a good girl, saving yourself for daddy. I’m gonna go in more now” He breathed huskily as he inched himself the rest of the way. He waited for her to adjust to his size before slowly beginning to thrust inside of his lover and hear her little noises of pleasure behind the gag and feeling her try to squirm under him. It was a slow build, but soon enough he was thrusting inside of her roughly.

Jenny was in heaven, her insides were tingly and alive with pleasure. She didn’t know how long she could last. A query which Tom picked up on. “You gonna cum for me baby? Cum nice and hard with daddy’s hard cock in your amazing pussy?” And that threw Jenny over the edge as she came with a shrill scream around the gag. Tom kept thrusting through her orgasm and came soon after in the condom as well.

After a few minutes of recovery, Tom kissed Jenny’s cheek, got up and got her out of the gag and all of her bindings “How was it babe?” He asked as he got out her favorite cuddle blanket to snuggle in. Jenny ran to the bathroom without answering, causing Tom to laugh. “That good huh?” he asked.

Jenny came back with a blush, but decided not to explain “It was magical, just as I knew it would be. We must do that again sometime. I love you Tom.” She sighed dreamily, knowing she would have to do holds a lot more often to make sure she would be desperate if Tom sprung on her, but for now she just wanted to rest, she felt worn after that experience. She had enjoyed it, but it was tiring. Tom wrapped her up in the blanket after changing into his pajamas and climbed into the bed. “I am so glad babe, I love you too.” he said and turned on a movie before giving one final kiss to the top of her head and they both drifted off to sleep together with the movie in the background so they could wake up in the morning to go about their adult lives again. But in their minds and hearts, both knew that they would be doing this again, very very soon if they could help it. It was like a dream. A dream they both wanted to have again. Maybe Jenny would have to tell Tom her secret. Maybe.

End

And this was another paid commission. If you want to commission me for your own story, just dm me and we can talk about the possibility.

