To Curse a Sceptic

Author: BedwetterAlexi

*000*2023-05-27 00:29

A hypnosis based story focusing on heavy humiliation/degredation/emasculation, with lots of bedwetting and fear/stress/submissive wetting based on an adoptable i bought a while ago. The kind of hypnosis focused on repetition. Very little introduction, just straight into it.

This is my first time posting anything I've written, i hope you like it ðŸ‘‰ðŸ‘ˆ

Please excuse any spelling mistakes, I'm not a native english speaker.

###

Part 1.

When he'd said yes to this, Travis had been sure it was fake. He'd maybe been a bit mean, poking fun at his new roommate for believing so sincerely in something like hypnosis, not to mentioned he believed he could actually do it himself, too. He had laughed when Joss challanged him to let himself be hypnotize, agreeing immiditaly, feeling totally secure and not afraid to put his money where his mouth was.

He wasn't laughing now, however. His eyes followed the mesmerizing swing of the eccentric looking pocketwatch joss was swaying infront of him. He distantly heard Joss's voice, saying something about relaxing, about focusing on the watch. He'd been saying that for a while, atleast that's what Travis thought. How much time had passed actually? He didn't know, and he couldn't bring himself to worry about it. His mind was far to full of a distant voice belonging to someone he no longer remembered, and the side to side swinging of the pocket watch. Maybe it was no one elses voice at all, but merely his own thoughts.

"You", said the voice. "Are a bedwetter".

Shock ran through him. No, that wasn't true, why would would anyone think that?

"Thats right. You are a bedwetter. You just don't wake up when you have to pee at night. No, you simply pee in your bed, sleeping peacefully and undisturbed. Yes..

And it happens every night. Every night you brush your teeth, put on your pjamas, get in bed, and drift off to sleep. Then, when you wake up in the morning, your bed is wet. You... are a bedwetter"

A deep embarrassment filled him at the tought of it. It was not true. Ok, the part about brushing his teeth was true, and the part about putting on his pj's... but he didn't wet the bed!

"You're embarrassed, arn't you? Yes, of course. Wetting the bed at your age? Of course you're embarrassed. Most people stop wetting the bed by the time they are 5 years old, and here you are, a fully grown adult, still peeing yourself every night"

Shame burned inside him. Just as the voice said, he was embarrassed. A distant memory from when he was a child floated across his mind. A memory of waking up in soaked sheets, the feeling of devistation when he realized he'd had another accident, knowing he was too old for this. That was so long ago...wait, was it long ago? Was he even a child in that memory?

"That's right. You're a bedwetter. And you know what that means, don't you? You will wet the bed again. When you go to sleep tonight, you will wake up wet. And the night after that, and the night after that. Every night, for the rest of your life. It doesn't matter that you're embarrassed, it doesn't matter how much you dont want it to happen. You're just a helpless bedwetter, you have no control"

He felt that feeling of wrongness, of resistance. He didn't want to wet his bed... but that didn't matter, he realized. He couldn't choose whether or not he wet the bed... he had no controll.

"That's right, you have no choice. What you want doesn't matter, you can't help it. When you fall asleep, you wake up wet, it's inevitable. You're too pathetic to do anything about it. You have no control"

That memory wafted through his mind again, and indeed, he was no child. He was an adult, waking up in a wet bed. He unconciously swallowed around the lump in his throat. How could he still be wetting his bed, even at 22 years old? He felt so humiluated, coming to the realization that it would always be like this. There was nothing he could do... he couldn't do anything about it.

"You know what else is embarrassing? You pee yourself when you're nervous"

Another wave of shock shot through him. That defenetly wasn't true. He did not wet himself while he was awake.

"Yes, yes you do. You feel it right now, don't you? When you're stressed it's like your bladder shrinks to half it's size. You're a weak little man, you can't defend yourself, you can't handle stressful situations... all you can do is pee your pants to show how pathetic you are, and hope someone takes pity on you"

That thought was terrifying. Being forced to humiliate himself like that because he was weak and helpless...

His bladder felt full, but for the life of him there was nothing he could do to focus on it. The swaying of the watch was all he could really register.

"You don't want that, do you? You don't want to piss your pants. But that doesn't matter. You're weak, you're pathetic, you have no way to defend yourself from anyone. It doesn't matter how much you don't want to, you have no control. You're too scared, too insecure, too nervous. You wet yourself when you're nervous, you know you do".

If he had been more concious, maybe he would have noticed his seat grow warm and wet, or heard the splattering on the floor, but he didn't. There was only an eccentric looking pocket watch, swinging soothingly from side to side.

"Well now.... you see? You've wet yourself", the voice pointed out for him.

Any doubts in his mind got drowned out by shame when he realized the voice was right. Despite his blank expression in real life, his inner consciousness was writhing in shame. When had it happened? Why?

'because you're a weakling, because you have no control', his subconscious whispered back at him.

"It's to be expected. You're a bedwetter, it's not so strange you would wet yourself while awake too. Stressful situations are just too much for you. You have no control"

It did make sense. He didn't like it, but it did make sense.

"Good" the voice praised him, drawn out and pleased. "You understand. Now you say it"

He didn't really understand. Say it? He wasn't sure he remebered how to speak.

"Say it. You're a bedwetter. Even though you're an adult, you wet the bed every night"

"Im... a bedwetter" he mumbled out, surpring himself. "Even though I'm an adult... i wet the bed... every night"

"That's right" it praised again. "And you wet your pants when you're nervous. Stressful feelings are too much for a bedwetter like you, and it makes you piss yourself. Come on, say it"

"I wet my pants... when I'm nenervous", He repeated carefully. The voice was quiet, waiting patiently for him to continue. The puddle he was sitting in reminded him it was all true.

"It's overwhelming...and it makes me... pee myself..."

"Very good. That's right. And how do you feel about that?"

"...it's embarrassing..." he awnsered, his voice thin and fragile. He didn't want to wet himself. He was 22 years old!

"But there's nothing you can do, is there?"

"...no, there's nothing i can do"

There it was. The deal was sealed. He had admitted it himself, and it would now be reality.

To be continued.

###

If anyone reads this, please tell me what you think... this is purely self indulgent, but i hope it scratches the itch for some of you, too.

*002*2023-05-27 05:25

{{4 hours ago, EmeraldWaters said:

Gosh, this is so hot. I'm so hooked! Gosh, how he was trying to fight it, but his memories warped it into realty was just *chef's kiss* (heck, it was so great that I went back and read it a second time!)

I will say though, maybe not call Travis TV. In English, that's an abbreviation for television.

}}

Thank you so much, im glad you enjoyed it as well. I like very spesific things about hypnosis, and i find it a bit difficult to find exactly what I'm looking for sometimes.

I do know that, hahaha. I bought this femboy bunny adoptable, and he looked pretty special so i gave him a weird name, but decided to not write anything abnormal about his anatomy for this story. Maybe i can scrap the name, and make him more of a regular guy for this. That might be a good idea actually, thank you.

*003*2023-05-27 08:44

I have to travel for 8 hours today, and have nothing to do while stuck on the train exept work on this, it's really stuck in my mind.

###

Part 2

"Very good boy" the distant voice said, and for some reason it was so soothing. Travis had never really hunted for the approval of others, but for some reason... he felt like he needed it from this voice.

"When i wake you up, you're not going to remember this. You'll know what you've learned. You're a bedwetter. You pee your pants when you're nervous. There's nothing you can do about it. You have no control"

This time the words caused no big volitile reaction in him, just a passive feeling that this information was correct.

"You won't remember that you know, but you'll know. Now, on the count of three..."

The voice was fading almost completely away by the end, as Travis was almost fully asleep. For a while, he had no idea how long, there was only a peacefull silence and all black around him.

The sound of Joss's fingers snapping jolted him back to reality. He blinked, feeling surprisingly stale. He didn't think he'd been sitting here for that long. Other then that, and the fact he was a bit sleepy, he didn't feel any different though.

"So?" He yawned. "Any luck hypnotizing me or whatever?"

"I'd say so, you were out for a while. It's been like 2 hours", Joss responded with a smug smile.

Travis blinked. "2 hours? Well damn, you sure lulled me asleep, ill give you that"

"You're crying, by the way"

The comment took a moment to register, but when he brought a hand to his eyes he felt wetness streaked down his face. "What the hell?" He mumbled, confused. He glanced at the other man, who looked strangly exited, like he was anticipating something.

"Uuuh.." he said, feeling weirdly vulnerable under his expectant gaze. "Ok, weird. You clearly did something i guess. Probably not real hypnosis though" he blushed, guessing the anticipation was for him to admit he had been wrong. He wouldn't fold that easily.

The hypnotist gave a knowing smile. "You'll see"

"Alright, well..." Travis chuckled, feeling a bit embarrassed, starting to stand up from his wooden chair. As soon as he stood, a splattering was heard from the floor.

"Oh my" Joss said, probably not as surprised as he should've been. But Travis didn't notice, he simply stared down at his soaked pants in shock.

"Looks like you wet yourself"

A small panic sprung out in him, his face going beet red from the blunt observation. How could this have happened? Was this actually happening? He looked rapidly between his wet crotch and his new roommate, pure humiliation on his face. The hypnotist had an expression of mild surprise, but looked more like he was holding back a laugh. Oh no.

"I-i-i...i mean-! You! You did this??" He questioned frantically, uselessly covering his wet spot with his hands, drops still dripping down his thighs from the wet fabric, into the small puddle on the floor. Oh god, he was standing in a puddle of his own piss infront of this loser he just made fun off.

"No... you must have gotten too relaxed during the session. You should have told me you're a bedwetter and i would have put a towel down or something"

"I am NOT a bedwetter!" He exclaimed, scandalized.

"Riiight..." he said, eyeing the wet tracks dripping lazily down the other mans thighs with a smug smile. Travis had never been more humiliated in his life.

"This never happens ok!? I-i-ive never been Hypnotized before, maybe this can happen? Yes, yeah that's probably it... h-hey, people wet themsleves sometimes when they get hypnotized, right?" He begged, face burning.

"Hm...not really. Well sometimes, but usually just people who wet the bed a lot. Because a hypnotic trans is kind of like being asleep" he shrugged in response.

"Oh god... im not a bedwetter, i swear"

"Yeah, yeah, i heard you the first time. Anyway, i have to head out. Make sure to clean up after yourself", he dissmissed.

Travis was too stunned and embarrassed to respond, and just sort of stood there trying to wrap his mind around what just happened as Joss stuffed a few things into his backpack, threw on his jacket and left to go wherever he had to be. Travis did not have the mental capacity to even think about that right now.

He put a trying and careful hand on his crotch, feeling the wet fabric. He couldn't believe that just happened. Though it pained him to admit it, even quietly in his own mind, maybe he shouldn't be messing with this hypnosis stuff afterall.

When he finally got over his shock enough, he gingerly started cleaning up. He did his best to not think about how badly he'd embarrassed himself as he wiped up the puddle with a towel, threw his pissed pants and underwear in the washing machine, and scrubbed himself clean in the shower. By the time he was done, he felt a bit better, less panicked for sure. He just didn't understand why this had happened to him. He wasn't lying to Joss, he hadn't wet the bed since he was maybe 4 or 5 years old. He cringed inwardly as he remembered Joss rolling his eyes when he had denied being a bedwetter, he clearly didn't believe him. God, this was so embarrassing. Travis tried to swallow his pride. He gambled on what he thought was a safe bet and lost, and he got a bit embarrassed as a result. That wasn't so bad, not the end of the world. He would just laugh it off, take the jokes, and eventually it would just be a distant memory of a bizzare experience.

This thought calmed him down, and he took a deep breath. It was late aftertoon, he had nowhere to be today other then throw the laundry in the drier when it was done... he elected to play some video games until bed time, a common thing he did to destress.

By nightfall he felt much better, infact he was a bit embarrassed that he had reacted like he did earlier. He acknowledged he'd been a little shitty to Joss, mocking him like he had, but he'd gotten his justideserts. He'd get back on good terms with him, he thought as he pulled his clothes off and got into his pj's, consisting of a comfortable oversized shirt and some plush, blue pjamas pants.

It didn't take him too long to fall asleep once he layed down, but he hadn't been alseep for long before his new programming began to kick into effect.

Bedwetter... that's right, he was a bedwetter. He was supposed to pee when he was asleep, of course. His bladder muscles completely relaxed, and slowly, warm urine began to leak out of him, dripping into his underwear. He sleapt soundly, completely unaware as it went from a little drip, to a small stream, to a freeflowing river. A wet spot rapidly expanded from his crotch as he wet himself, to the bed underneath him, soaking into his mattress and sheets. The stream eventually trickled out, leaving Travis sleeping peacefully in an eclosed cocoon of wetness. It was warm and comforting, and his subconscious felt at peace. It felt right to sleep in a wet bed. He was a bedwetter, afterall.

To be continued.

###

More dialoge this chapter... i hope it's ok ðŸ˜³

*006*2023-05-28 11:02

I loved writing this part. Whenever i have a bedwetting accident, the humiliation when i wake up and having to do the cleanup is so arousing for me. I hope you enjoy.

###

Part 3

Travis woke up slowly, the world blinking into focus around him. He let himself enjoy floating inbetween unconsciousness and the land of the living for a good, long while, since he didn't have any classes until the afternoon, and he could sleep in guilt free. The sounds of the world outside slowly woke him up more and more, until he begrudgingly had to admit to himself that he was awake. He curved his back and lifted his arms, feeling a satesfying stretching in his muscles, before turning over to grab his phone off his nightstand.

As soon as he moved, he noticed something was wrong. He felt weirdly sticky, and the sheets seemed to be clinging to him? Almost like he was...

Travis's stomach dropped. He was being stupid, no, there was no way. He lay paralyzed, not knowing what to do for a what felt like an eternity. Slowly, as if it would suddently become sentient and bite him if he moved any faster, he reached for his comforter. He hesitated for a drawn out moment before lifting it just as carefully, holding his breath with anticipation.

It was *soaked*.

It was almost like hed just gotten out of a pool and imiditaly layed down in bed. A giant dark blue spot originating from his groin, covering his entire lap and continuing down his leg almost down to his knees. The huge wet spot that encircled him on his otherwise white sheet, had a yellow tint to it, and the underside of his duvet was thoroughly soaked. A strong scent of urine hit him in the face as soon as he lifted his duvet, confirming the already obvious conclusion.

He'd wet his bed.

His face went ruby red all the way down to his chest as he stared at himself, unable to year his eyes away. How could he have wet the bed, he was 22 years old! He was in college! He hadn't drank or anything yesterday, why was this happening?

He quickly covered himself up again with the duvet, whipping his head to the other bed in the room, and he had never been more releved in his life when he found it empty. He sat up, his legs and stomach still covered, and cringed as cold air hit his back. He was wet there too, almost up to the lower edge of his shoulderblades. In a quick motion, Travis got out of bed, standing turned away from it as he looked over himself in the long mirror attached to his dorm room's closet.

The huge spot covering his lap was so much darker then the rest of the fabric, and it was uncomfortably chilly now that he had gotten up. He gingerly turned around to get a look at his back, swallowing thickly as he saw his white shirt had gone slightly seethrough where it stuck to his skin, and the wet spot on his pants enveloping his entire ass and the back of his thighs.

He looked back to his bed, seeing the damage from a birds eye view. It was really bad. The underside of his comforter was completely soaked along with his mattress and, of course, the sheets. Anxiety filled him as he stood at the edge of the bed. What was he going to do? To wash his sheets he would have to carry them through several large common areas down to the basement, where the communal laundry room was. And what if Joss came back and saw the big wet spot on his mattress? Oh god, Joss already thought he was a bedwetter. He couldn't know about this, he would never live it down. And after he somehow wet himself infront of him yesterday by being hypnotized, too...

While he grew more and more anxious, lost in his train of thought, he didn't notice his bladder give out. There wasn't much in there, having emptied itself in his bed overnight, but a little gush came out, rewetting the already wet fabric, and trailing down his right leg. It pooled ever so slightly around his foot.

Travis shook his head violently, rudding his hands hard over his face. He couldn't be thinking of how humiliated he'd been yesterday, or how humiliated he was right now, he had to focus on not humiliating himself again, later. As he went to start working, he noticed his right foot was wet. He looked down, and found to his confusion he was standing in a small puddle about half the size of the foot itself. There also seemed to be a small streak down from the larger wet spot on his pants.

"Oh shit, it must be dripping..." he mumbled outloud to himself, starting to strip out if his urine soaked garments. Second time in two days he's had to put his pissed pants to wash, an intrusive thought reminded him. Travis tried to stand the wave of shame, focusing on the task at hand while his face heated up again.

He worked fast, and soon his bed was stripped, the window was open, and the comforter layed out across the floor with the wet side up. It would be too big to fit in the washingmachine or the dryer, he would just have to dry it with a hairdryer the way he was doing with the matress. He dried up the acsess wetness with a towel first, and then got to work with the hairdrier on the hottest and strongest setting. He hated having to sit there, unable to put his childish accident out of his mind as he had to make direct eyecontact with the evidence.

It seemed to take forever, but eventually both the mattress and comforter were dry, though both were sporting big, beyond embarrassing, yellow stains now. Anyone who saw this would know he'd peed the bed in his sleep like a child. The embarrassment burned in him while he put on his spare sheets and picked up the laundry basket with the soaked once to head down to the laundry room.

He luckily managed to get his laundry done without being stopped by anyone, and he began to calm down again. He came to the conclution the bedwetting must have been the lingering effect of the hypnosis. It had obviously relaxed him so deeply it made him pee, so maybe it had just made him sleep super deeply last night. He pointedly ignored the part where Joss had said it was, in fact, not normal to wet yourself during hypnosis.

His morning was pretty much entierly lost to the cleanup, but he spent the time he had left earing breakfast, having some tea and reviewing the material for his afternoon class. He tried not to think about the fact that Joss was also in that class, remembering the last time they'd spoken. Travis shook his head, focusing back on his work.

To be continued.

###

Joss of course noticed his hypnosis had worked, he's just letting Travis believe nobody knows his little secret...ðŸ˜³

*010*2023-05-29 21:36

I came while writing this... hope you do the same...ðŸ˜³

###

Part 4

Eventually, inevitably, the time for class came, and Travis dragged his feet all the way there, hoping to put it off as long as possible. All too soon he was walking through the door, eyes scanning quickly over the lecture hall. Sure enough, he spotted Joss a bit in the back, textbook, notebook and a large bottle of ice tea infront of him. Travis felt a small blush creep on to his face. He knew Joss had no idea about his...accident last night, but for some reason he felt like he knew. He was going to pretend he hadn't seen him, but then Joss noticed him looking. The other man waved casually, and Travis crused under his breath. Now he had to go sit beside him, anything else would be extremely awkward and weird, concidering he wasn't really friends with anyone else in this class. He waved in return, sitting down in the seat next to Joss's. He steeled himself. Better to grab the bull by the horns, he thought to himself.

"Hey man" Travis tested, somewhat nervously. Unbeknownst to himself, his rappidly filling bladder weakened slightly.

"Hey. Sorry i had to hurry out yesterday, had to get to my part time job. Was going to appologize when i got back but you were already asleep" Joss explained casually.

Travis's entire face went beet red at the mention of yesterday. He unconciously dribbled a little in his underwear while he tried to regain his composure.

"It's uh... it's fine. Sorry about all that, that was litterally the craziest thing I've ever experienced" Travis responded, bashful.

A sly smile spread across Joss's face.

"So...still believe hypnosis is, as you said, stupid bullshit?"

"...ok, maybe that was a little mean" he chuckled in response, feeling awkward. "No, i think you pretty throughly proved me wrong. Still don't understand how it works, really, but clearly there's something to it"

"...huh"

Travis looked up at Joss, finding his sly smile gone, replaced by a more innocent, surprised expression.

"What?"

"No, nothing. Just didn't think you'd actually admit it" Joss shrugged.

"Hey, when im wrong, im worng" Travis shrugged in return, giving a crocked smile.

With that the air seemed to get lighter between them, and the knot in Travis's stomch loosened a bit. Class started and they focused away from eatchother and onto the teacher, taking lazy notes as the class went on. Travis didn't entierly understand alot of the subject, so he had pretty sparse notes, but Joss's seemed more fleshed out. Maybe he was really smart or something.

About halfway through the class, Joss leaned into his space. Travis looked up, currious what had led him to break the comfortable peace between them.

"By the way, Travis..." he said in a light but noticably very quiet voice.

"What?"

"I was wondering..." he paused a little, darting his eyes around Travis's face, almost like he was studying him. "Did you end up wetting your bed last night?"

Travis's anxiety immiditaly spiked thought the roof, and suddently his bladder felt about 3 sizes smaller. But there was no focus to spare on that though, he needed to awnser this question. Time to lie, and pray to god he lied well.

"H-huh?"

Travis internally slapped himself when his voice cracked.

"Did you have another bedwetting accident last night" Joss clearified.

"Agai-...! Dude, i told you, i-i dont-... i don't pee the bed" Travis mumbled, bearly audible while staring holes into his notebook. He couldn't feel it, but his poor bladder was bearly holding on, muscles weakening by the second.

"Hey, no judgement, it's not your fault. You can't help it, there's nothing you can do about it"

The phrase was a trigger, and any chance his subconscious had of fighting back went flying out the window. He was right, there was nothing he could do about it. He had wet his bed last night, just like a bedwetter like him was meant to, and while it had been extremely embarrassing, that didn't matter. He couldn't help peeing his bed, he was, and always would be, a bedwetter, and there was nothing he could do about it. He was so embarrassed Joss knew about his little bedwetting problem, embarrassed and nervous and scared. It was far too intense for him, he was just a weak and pathetic little man. What was he supposed to do? He couldn't do anything... anything exept... show Joss how pathetic he was and hope for sympathy.

All this thought process happened lightning fast in the back of Travis's brain, but all he conciously noticed was the sudden heat. A hot wetness spread around his crotch at a somewhat slow but unstoppable pace. In a panic, Travis looked down, only to see his pants darkening infront of his very eyes. Was he wetting himself? Was he actually pissing his pants in the middle of this cowded classroom right now? This couldn't be happening, it just couldn't be. Every muscle in his body tensed immiditaly, and he squeezed his thighs together as hard as he could, but it was no use.

No matter how hard he tried to contract his bladder muscles, they wouldn't budge. He held his breath to avoid crying out in distress, feeling tears well up in his eyes as he helplessly watched a puddle pool around him on the bench. Oh god, he was in public, there were people all around him, everyone was going to see. Joss was looking directly at him, he knew, but he didn't dare even glance in his direction. He couldnt do anything other then stare down at his own lap as he wet himself, fully awake in broad daylight.

His puddle expanded at an unforgiving pace, and Travis felt a helpless dread as it was about to spill over the edge of the bench. Everyone was going to hear it, and they would all turn to look at him, and they'd all see-

Suddently his lap was doused in cold liquid. The temperature shift made him jump in shock, and for a moment he was disoriented.

"Oh fuck, sorry, sorry" hissed Joss from beside him.

Confused, on the verge of tears, and still uncontrollably peeing, Travis looked from Joss, to his lap, to the rest of the room, most of whom had turned to look at him. He sat paralyzed as his crotch rapidly heated up again, his bladder fully emptying itself under the weight of everyone's stares.

Eventually, his brain caught up. Joss had tipped his bottle of ice tea over, spilling it all over Travis's lap, disguising the fact he was peeing himself right infront of everyone.

"Shit shit shit" Joss pretend fussed. "I'm so sorry, fuck, let me help you"

He grabbed Travis by the arm, hoisting him up despite his paralyzed state. The teacher said something or other, scolding Joss in some way, and he appologized more as he led Travis out of the classroom.

The way back to the dorm room was a blurr, one moment he was somewhere else, and then the next he was there. When he manage to get out of his state of shock and into his own head again, he noticed Joss was strangely quiet, deep in thought. Shame sat heavy like a boulder of lead in his stomach. He may have avoided the whole class witnessing his accidents, but Joss had seen. He'd been right beside him, seeing him loose control over his bladder out of nowhere, like a toddler who was failing his potty training. Pathetic, he was so pathetic.

After standing there quietly in his wet pants for far to long, he finally realized he should be changing. He scampered into the bathroom with a pair of clean boxers and a new shirt, avoiding looking at Joss, changed out of his pee and tea soaked clothes and took a quick, body-only shower. When he stepped out, he felt better, but still a bit dazed. He looked at the soaked pants on the floor and felt shame wash over him, knowing it was the 3rd time he'd wet himself in less then 48 hours. What was happening to him? First he pees himself during the hypnosis, then he wets the bed for the first time since he was a child, and now he wets himself fully awake with no warning? This was so humiliating, and what if something was seriously wrong with him. Did he need to go to a doctor? He cringedat the thought of going to a doctor and having to explain he's been wetting himself.

He walked without much confidence back into their shared bedroom, more then a little surprised to see Joss was still there, sitting on the edge of his own bed.

"So...what was that?" He asked, blunt, but with a certain softness that hadn't been there before.

Travis sniffled and coughed, looking down at Joss's shoes and fiddeling with his own hands. His bladder, although empty, remained completely relaxed and loose, letting pee dripp right out of him as soon as it was formed inside him. Too distracted by his own embarrassment and fear, not to mention Joss's eyes looking right at him, he didn't notice a small wet spot bloom on his fresh, gray boxers.

Joss noticed, but didn't say anything.

###

I was concidering maybe making a shorter chapter of Joss's POV where it's mostly him being aroused by humiliating Travis... im not sure, please tell me what you think of that idea if you enjoy this story... anyway, i hope you enjoyed Travis's first daytime accident (tecnically).

*013*2023-05-31 09:50

I just finnished this chapter, and i woke up in a wet bed today... maybe bedwetting gave me the power to finnish it ðŸ˜³

###

JOSS POV, PART 4.5

As soon as Joss woke up, he knew his hypnosis had worked. There had been very little doubt in the first place, concidering how easily moldable Travis had been to been to begin with. His mind was like soft, kneaded clay, easy to work with and gave great results. It was quite laughable really, for a sceptic to be so susceptible. It was obvious from the smell in the air, that Travis had wet the bed.

Joss got out of bed, streching until his back popped. He rubbed his hands over his face to wake himself up, walking quietly to Travis's side of the room. He knew he was right, but he just needed to see it for himself. He lifted the covers carefully off the sleeping man, and sure enough, the entire bed was soaked in urine. High and mighty, arrogant little Travis had helplessly peed himself in his sleep as a full adult, all because of the hypnosis he had thought himself too smart to believe in. Joss felt his dick twich at the sight, knowing how ashamed Travis would be when he woke up to find his bed wet. He wanted to stay, witness his reaction when he realized. He would play dumb, pretend he hadn't noticed, ask him why he wouldn't get up, anything to watch him squirm. He wanted to do that so badly, but he needed to get to his morning class. Not that there was any hurry. Joss had made quite sure Travis would never have a dry night again.

He rubbed his cock from the outside of his shorts while he grabbed his phone from his nightstand, snapping a quick photo before gently pulling the covers over his roommate again, and heading into the bathroom to take a shower before class. Only when safely under the warm water, did he let himself start jerking off in earnest. He really wanted to post that photo he'd taken online, expose Travis's little secret before he even knew about it. The itch was intense, but he couldn't. It would take away the best part. Getting to watch him try to hide it, stammering and stuttering for excuses, see his thinly veiled embarrassment as he tried to hide his pissy sheets. Not to mention, the trap he had intentionally set with his carefully chosen hypnotic conditioning.

Travis would wet his bed every night, which would slowly chip away at his confidence, until he was rendered a shy and insecure person, which would make him generally more nervous, which in turn would have him wetting himself while awake, too. He would go from his apathetic, arrogant self to a submissive little bedwetter, unable to get through even a single day without pissing his pants, likely several times. He would break Travis, and he'd have done it all single handedly.

That thought brought him over the edge, making him cum in his own hand, quickly being cleaned by the running water. He breathed a relieved sigh, and finnished his shower in peace.

He didn't think much more about Travis that day until his afternoon class, when the man himself walked in to the lecture hall just short of late. He had forgotten Travis also took this class, but immidiatly felt exited at the realization. He noticed the other mans eyes land on him, and he made sure to wave before he could look away. Travis got an uncomfortable look on his face, but to Joss's mild surprise, actually came to sit next to him.

"Hey man"

He could hear the insecurity in the his voice. Exelent.

"Hey. Sorry i had to hurry out yesterday, had to get to my part time job. Was going to appologize when i got back but you were already asleep" Joss responded, intentionally choosing to bring up last night, wanting to remind him about his accident. It seemed to have worked, as his face went red.

"It's uh... it's fine. Sorry about all that, that was litterally the craziest thing I've ever experienced" Travis shuddered.

"So...still believe hypnosis is, as you said, stupid bullshit?" Joss smiled. Atleast the guy had the decency to look sheepish.

"...ok, maybe that was a little mean" Travis admitted, looking away "No, i think you pretty throughly proved me wrong. Still don't understand how it works, really, but clearly there's something to it"

Joss hadn't expected that response. From what he knew about Travis, he was as obnoxiously stubborn as he was rude. He hadn't expected him to addmit his fault like that.

"...huh" he pondered out loud.

"What?"

"No, nothing. Just didn't think you'd actually admit it" he shrugged

"Hey, when im wrong, im worng" Travis said, giving a crooked, humbled smile.

While a comfortable silence sank between them, Joss's brain was working away, but not necessarily on the class material. He took some lazy notes to seem like he was concentrating, but in reality his mind was elsewhere. It seemed his initial assumption that Travis would be overconfident was inncorrect. Maybe it had all been a front... maybe he'd always been a little insecure. Or maybe he was actually confident, but not as stubborn as he used to be?

Well, there was a way to know for sure, if Travis had insecurity issues or not. He glanced at him in the corner of his eye. He seemed more relaxed then when he came in, trying to write some notes as well. Exitement bubbled in his stomach as he thought of what this ment. If Travis already wasn't as confident as he'd assumed... maybe he could make him nervous enough to make him pee right now.

"By the way, Travis..." Joss started, oh so casually.

"What?" He awnsered, looking up from his book.

"I was wondering...Did you end up wetting your bed last night?" He whispered to the other man, wathing him like a hawk for his reaction.

Travis stiffened immidiatly, face heating up. He suddently got very interested in taking notes, trying to burn holes in the page with his eyes alone.

"H-huh?" He said as his voice cracked. It was so pathetic it was adorable

"Did you have another bedwetting accident last night?" Joss reiterated, making sure to specify "again" to continue with the lie that he believed Travis was already a bedwetter before, and he had nothing at all to do with it.

"Agai-...! Dude, i told you, i-i dont-... i don't pee the bed" Travis halfways squeeled, looking like he wanted to sink into the ground.

"Hey, no judgement, it's not your fault. You can't help it, there's nothing you can do about it" Joss whispered, maybe a bit too intimately, intentionally plucking at one of his carefully implanted triggers.

For a moment, it was like Travis's eyes glaced over. Joss's eyes immiditaly went to Travis's crotch, watching to see if this was actually going to work already. The wait seemed to last forever, but in reality was only a few seconds, before a dark spot appeared on his jeans, silently spreading right infront of his eyes. Travis tensed up, uselessly trying to squeeze his thighs together, but he keapt helplessly peeing in his pants. Joss bit his lip, utterly entranced by Travis's despare and lack of controll. To think he'd only been hypnotised yesterday, and he was already so easy to trigger an accident for. He was actually pissing himself in the middle of his college class, unable to regain control no matter how much he wanted to. Oh, this was going to be so, so fun.

He noticed tears in Travis eyes, and actually felt a little bad. Fine, he would bust him out of this one. He swiped his arm across his desk, "accidentally" knoking his bottle of ice tea all over Travis.

He said some appologies to both him and the teacher, and hurried getting Travis back to their shared dorm room. He looked dazed for a while, just kind of standing there, which was all well and good for Joss who got a little more time to look at his roommates damp crotch. He eventually seemed to snap out of it, hurrying into the bathroom to take a shower with his head hung low.

Joss sat down on his bed and waited. When Travis came back out, he was wearing just a shirt and some underwear. Joss first tried to avoid looking at the bulge in his boxers, but quickly noticed Travis was looking anywhere but at him, so he let himself glace libraly at it. The size looked pretty avrage, which dissapointed him a bit. He would have prefered his favorite humiliation victim be small down there. Maybe he could still make him feel small if his own dick was a lot bigger in comparison...

He snapped his thoughts away from that train of thought, focusing on the situation at hand.

"So...what was that about?" He asked, playing dumb.

Joss watched as a dark patch appeared and slowly expaned to cover just the tip of the bulge in Travis's freshly changed boxers, seemingly unnoticed by the man himself. His bladder must simply not be holding anything in, just leaking right out of him. Joss was honestly shocked he had so little control already, he really must have not had much confidence to begin with. While Travis avoided his eye at all costs, grabbing nervously at his own hands, Joss subtly crossed his legs to hide his growing erection.

###

I hope you enjoyed this, i will continue with Travis's pov next chapter... now i need to wash my sheets...

*015*2023-06-01 08:55

Lots more Travis humiliation and Joss getting a little cozy with him... a little hint of small penis humiliation.

###

Part 5

"I-i don't know what happened... im so sorry, nothing like that has ever happened before" Travis mumbled, his voice shaky and weak. "...thanks. for helping me. You didnt have to do that" he added on.

Joss was quiet for a long moment, studying him closely. Travis had an incessant lump in his throat and an inability to make eyecontact with the taller man right now, which was probably making him look dishonest. What if Joss thought he wa-

"It's whatever. Maybe you're just stressed or something" Joss said with conviction, as if he had just made a decission. "But maybe you should go see a doctor. I don't think it's that normal to suddently start wetting yourself so much"

Travis's face was already bright red and as hot as the sun, but it somehow seemed to get worse.

"I-i-ive only... only once" he mumbled weakly. "Yesterday doesn't count"

Joss raised an eyebrow, giving him a skeptical look. Travis still looked away, feeling weak in the knees. Were his legs shaking?

"Travis....look down at yourself, love" joss said with a click of his tounge and a pitying tone.

Travis, confused, looked up to meet his eye for the first time since the classroom, seeing a patronizing look on Joss's face. He then looked down at himself.

His heart dropped into his stomach when he saw his dampening groin. He'd just changed his underwear, what was happening? Why hadnt he noticed? As he was looking in shocked horror, a small dripp started running down his leg.

"No!" He yelped, shoving both his hands between his legs and squeezing with his thighs. If his legs hadn't been shaking before, they defently were now, and it was making it hard to stand. He slowly sank onto the floor with a deathgrip on his penis, which was effective in stopping the dribbeling as there was no pressure in his bladder. He didn't move his hands, afraid that of he did he would wet more. He heard Joss take a deep breath.

"You didn't even notice? Yeah, you should defenetly go see someone" he said, his words weirdly breathy. "Maybe you should take a few sick days, just incase. And dont worry, i won't tell anyone"

Travis dared to look up at his roommate, feeling humiliated and pathetic, but infinitely greatful for Joss's kindness. He was pretty sure it was just the heat in his own face, or maybe the tears welling in his eyes again, but he almost thought Joss's face looked a bit red too.

"T-....thank you" he sniffled.

"Don't mention it" Joss replied before clearing his throat awkwardly. "I have plans with some friends soon, so i have to go, but... take care of yourself"

Travis nodded, and Joss left the room in a hurry, forgetting his jacket behind. The plans with friends was probably a lie, but he appriciated being given some privacy. He experimentally unknitted his legs, testing to see if he could safely let go. On his first try, another dribble escaped, making him tighten his grip in horror again, but the next one was more sucsessful. He hauled himself back to the bathroom with his head down, throwing yet another pissed pair of underwear in the wash. He sat on the toilet for what must have been an hour, too scared to get off it incase he peed again.

After he finally felt secure that his bladder was empty, he got off the toilet, rinsing himself off and putting on his pjamas. It wasn't time to go to sleep yet, but he defentely wouldn't be going out again today. He wondered briefly if he would wet his bed again, and if he should put down a towel, but immiditaly pushed that thought away. He wasn't a bedwetter, it was only one time! Plenty of people accidentally wet their beds just one time! putting a towel on his bed as if it was a garantee he would wet again was way to embarrassing. Joss was probably right, todays... accidents... were probably becaude of stress or something. There had been a couple of big essays and presentations back to back, and another one on the horrizon, it would make perfect sense if it was a stress thing. He felt a bit pathetic for wetting himself from the stress that everyone else also had, but atleast it was an explanation for what had happened today.

He decided to follow Joss's advice. He spent the evening making a doctors appointment, though the first available one was in about 4 days, and sending a notice that he was feeling sick and wouldn't be attending classes this week to his professors. With that done, he already felt alot lighter. He guessed he didn't really notice the stress he had been under until he took some off. He grabbed his crotch, checking just in case if he was still dry, and breathed a sight of realief to find he was. He felt alot more confident now, but just to be sure, he made sure to pee before bed. Even that made him blush, as it made him remember being a little kid and his mom ordering him to pee before bed so he wouldn't wet himself. He pushed the embarrassing thought away, brushing his teeth and giving himself a little peptalk in the mirror. This was nothing to be worried about, not at all.

Unfortunately, the effects of hypnosis, especially on the weak willed, could not be undone so easily. His subconscious started churning again, finding it very strange and uncomfortable that his sheets were dry. Travis sleapt restlessly, feeling a sense of wrongness, all the way until the early morning when his bladder had finally filled itself back up. A soft hissing could be heard in the quiet bedroom as Travis's sheets dampened, the restless feeling finally leaving him and letting him sleep peacefully. The warmth and the wetness was soothing, making his bed far more comfortable, to his subconcious atleast. He was sleeping, so if course he should wet himself, that's what bedwetters like him did.

###

It had been 4 days, and just as many wet beds. At this point, Travis was distrught. He didn't understand why he was suddenly wetting his bed every night, not to mention his daytime accidents. He hadn't had any since the classroom, having stayed in his dorm and taken more bathroom breaks then necessary out of paranoia, but he was terrefied it would happen again once he left to go outside. Today was the day of his appointment, and he was once again sitting on the floor with a hairdryer pointed at a big damp spot on his bed. There were now several overlapping stains, 5 to be exact, all different shapes and sizes, but all yellowed and embarrassing. His comforter wasn't doing much better, also sporting large, obvious bedwetting stains.

Joss somehow hadn't noticed yet, which was a miracle in itself, though he had on one occation had to pretend to be asleep for a very long time until he left the room. Or maybe he had noticed, but just hadn't said anything. He immidiatly stopped thinking of that possibility, he could not handle that. He quickly grabbed his laundry basket of wet sheets, hurrying down to the laundry room.

Just before he got to the door, his worst nightmare came to life as one of his classmates stepped infront of him.

"Hey, Travis" she greeted with a big smile.

Travis's heart shot into his throat, trying to angle his body in a way to hide the laundry from view without making it obvious that's what he was doing.

"How are you, Trav? You haven't been to class for a couple of days, we were worried" the girl, who's name he knew was Hanna, said.

"O-oh, yeah i've been a bit sick. Nothing to worry about"

A small leak sprung in his pants, silently forming a wet spot about the size of a softball. Travis, to focused on hoping what was in his laundry wasn't discovered, didn't notice.

"Oh no! I hope you feel better soon, i can see you're a bit feverish" Hanna exclaimed, blissfully unaware of her classmates distress. "Do you need to go see a doctor?"

"Probably not, but i booked an appointment anyway. I have to hurry up with this actually, have to do a load of laundry before i go" he responded, trying to sound casual.

This turned out to have been a mistake, because Hanna then looked directly down at his laundry basket. A small leak ran down his leg, and this time, he did notice. A fullbown panic broke out in him, and he kitted his legs together tight, trying to stop the leak.

"Oh, sheet washing day? Yeah, i really need to wash mine too, i keep procrastinating, haha" Hanna laughed sweetly. "Wait, why are they wet?"

Travis hoped to any god that might be listening there wern't tears in his eyes despite the fact that the heat of his face could be compared to molten lava at this point. His mind reeled, trying to come up with an excuse and get out of here before she noticed he was peeing himself, just bearly hidden by the laundry basket. The wetness was soaking around his thighs now, the plush fabric of his gray sweatpants luckily keeping it from dripping on the floor just yet.

"Did you spill a drink?" She asked, innocent as could be.

"Yes! Yes, i spilled soda all over my bed, real bummer. Super sticky, really need to get these washed! Anyway, it was nice to chat, Hanna, but i really have to get this done, I'll be back to class soon, hopefully" Travis rambled, walking around her so his front was always facing her, backing into the laundry room. The girl looked a little confused, but smiled and lifted her hand to wave goodbye.

"Okay, get well soo-"

The door closed, and Travis leaned his back heavily against it, blocking it incase anyone tried to open it. He put his hands over his mouth, trying to control his breathing and avoid making noise, as piss continued to stream unpreturbed from him. It finally gave out entierly, soaking his pants to saturation, and splattering loudly on the floor around him. His breath came out unsteady, and his legs shook slightly. What if she'd seen? What if she'd noticed he was wetting himself right infront of her? His life would be ruined! Or what if she'd been a bit less trusting, and seen right through his excuses? He gave a low wimper at the thought.

"Again?" A familiar voice said.

Travis wipped his head up, spotting Joss sitting on the floor infront of one of the machines. He had an unimpressed look on his face. Travis wanted to sink into the floor and never return. He couldn't even bring himself to awnser, just sank onto the floor into his little puddle with a soft splash.

Joss sighed, which sounded awfully like a huffed laugh, got of the floor and walked over to him.

"You're washing these, right? We'll use it to mop up the mess" he said, grabbing one of the bedsheets from Travis's laundry basket.

"N-no, wai-"

That was all he got out before Joss lifted it up, spreading it out with two hands. The large, circular wet patch was on full display for both of them. It was obviously pee, there was nothing else it could possibly be. Travis hid his face in his hands, bending over in absolute shame.

Joss touched the wet spot, seemingly facinated, before walking infront of Travis and blatantly showing off the wetness on it.

"What was that about not being a bedwetter?" He teased, making Travis squirm where he sat in his puddle of shame.

"Come on, stand up and get out of the puddle" Joss led him with a surprisingly gentle hand, and he found he couldn't help but obey. He took his outstreched hand, letting him hoist him to his feet and lead him out of the way before dopping his pissy sheets on the floor, mopping up the puddle. Travis felt weird, he was so ashamed he bearly dared to move. While he was absolutely humiliated to be seen like this, he felt desperately happy Joss was here. He was smart and competent, he would know what to do.

"There, not so bad" Joss soothed, as he picked up the now even more soaked sheets and threw them in the nearest washer. "Now let's get you out of these pants, hm?"

Travis *should* have felt patronized, talked down to, but he just couldn't bring himself to be offended by it. He deserved to be talked down to. How could he ever say he deserved respect when he wet his bed for almost a week straight and got so scared talking to a girl that he pissed his pants? This was pathetic. Joss was being much nicer then he deserved.

A ping from one of the driers sounded, but Travis didn't really register it. Joss was helping him out of his pants, reveling his equally wet red boxers underneath. He jumped a little when the other man also pulled those down, exposing his wet penis to the air, but kept his mouth shut and simply stepped out of them. The pants and underwear were also thrown into the washer. Travis pulled his shirt down to cover his exposed genitals. He knew he was a bit on the small side.

Joss opened one of the driers, picking out a pair of his own pants and boxers, which he then causally walked back over and made Travis step into. He tried not to think about how roomey the crotch was of Joss's underwear was, nor the fact that he was letting him dress him.

The pants were a bit big, but that was easily solved by folding up the legs and tying the waistband string. He felt a bit ridiculous, but overall greatful. He had no idea how he would have gotten back to the dorm if Joss hadn't been here.

Suddently, he noticed Joss was standing awfully close. Travis avoided his eye, bowing his head. He couldn't think of anything to say, too embarrassed to utter a word. He startled a little when the edges of his (Joss's) pants were grabbed, and Joss pulled him close.

"Try not to piss in these ones before you get back to the room, ok?" He half whispered into his ear, making Travis go beat red again. This energy felt a bit... well it didn't quite feel innocent. Wait, did Joss have a crush on him or something? Was that why he was always helping?

Travis decided he didn't have enough intelligence at the moment to process that. He just swallowed thickly and gave a weak nod in response.

"Good boy" Joss praised, and for some reason that praise felt *so* good. Joss held him close for a little longer then necessary, and gave him a rub across his lower back, which Travis defenetly didnt have the mental capaity to process right now. When he let go, Joss looked like he wanted to say something more, but didn't. He got his laundry, and headed back to the dorm, leaving Travis alone with his thoughts.

###

Poor Travis doesn't undertand feeling submissive...

*019*2023-06-03 06:26

{{4 hours ago, Skid2010 said:

Absolutely loving this story. Could you include like pull ups or something possibly?

}}

It's in the plans for future chapters ðŸ™‚

*020*2023-06-04 15:29

This chapter has some more intense feelings and very extreme public humiliation that results in disstress and crying, incase that's a turn off for anyone. Also buying diapers. Beware â¤ï¸

###

Part 6

Travis had finally made it to the doctors office, the too-big sweatpants around his waist a painful reminder of why he was here. His voice shook with embarrassment as he explained to the doctor that he had been wetting his bed for the past 5 days and had 3 daytime accidents. The doctor seemed to be worried about diabetes, but ruled it our after some tests. They did more and more tests, some of which Travis didn't see the utility of, but he complied.by the end, the doctor scratched his head, seemingly puzzled. That can't be good.

"Well... it doesn't seem anything is physically wrong with you" the man explained. "It might go away on it's own after a while...or it could be psychological"

Travis gulped.

"What does that mean...?"

"It means the reason for your accidents could be in psychosomatic. Emotional, or perhaps spme kind of coping mechanism. For example, it could be truama related, or it could be because of stress. In cases like this there's not much to do other then go to a therapist and wait it out"

Travis felt like he'd been hit by a landslide. No way, this couldn't continue! He couldn't just keep waking up in a soaked bed for an undefined amount of time, someone was bound to find out eventually. Hell, it had been less then a week and Joss had already found out. As if to intentionally make things worse for him, a nurse walked into the room with some documents at that moment, starting to sort them out by the doctors desk desk. She was a tall, blonde woman, very pretty, with pink lipstick and a ponytail. Why did people have to be here for this? While he was silently freaking out, his scared and overwhelmed feelings caused him to leak, wetting the seat of his borrowed pants.

"B-but..." he stammered. There had to be something he could do.

"There are medications we could try for the bedwetting spesifically, but if the cause is indeed psychological, they likely wouldn't be of much help, nor would they have much effect on your daytime accidents. All i can do for you is give you a perscription for adult diapers, to cover the cost" the doctor said, with a tone of finality.

Travis stared at the doctor in slackjawed horror. All it took was a little muffled giggle from the nurse, and his already slipping control gave out entierly.

"O-oh god" he yelped, squeezing his hands between his things. It did very little, his piss still gushing out from between his legs. This couldn't be happening, it was simply too humiliating to be real.

The doctor looked mildly surprised, making another note on his clipboard, while the nurse looked on in absolte shock.

"P-please sto-stop staring..." the distraught man stammered, face burning and voice growing thick.

The hissing sound of his accident was impossibly loud in the otherwise quiet office, soon followed by equally loud splattering all over the floor. He could feel the beautiful nurses big eyes on him, no doubt unbelieving that she was witnessing a grown man wet his pants at the doctors office like a scared little kid.

The doctor cleared his throat, commanding the nurses attention.

"Right. Nurse, please bring me a towel to clean up the mess, and print a perscription for adult incontinence briefs while you're out. Thank you"

The nurse started heading out of the room, but very clearly stared at where Travis was sitting in his accident the whole time. The seat of his pants were soaked, and piss was streaming off the chair like a waterfall, still, even though his baldder had emptied. He didn't dare move.

"Stand up, if you will. Don't worry, we'll get this taken care off"

Travis remaind quiet for the entier rest of his time there, not daring to even look up at the nurse when she returned with the towel and perscription. He was handed the perscription and shooed out the door, and he all he could do was run out of the building, trying his hardest not to cry. He tied his jacket around his waist, covering up the wetness on his pants, atleast from the back. Luckily, the pants were black, so the patch wasn't super obvious, but he felt like it was all everyone could see. He knew himself, and knew there was no way he would exit the house again today if he went home, so he decided to bite the bullet and get the perscription on his way home, despite his pissy pants. He told himself over and over that people couldn't tell he'd pissed himself. He knew that, logically, but it still felt like there might aswell have been a neon pink light up sign floating above his head the read "I PEE MY PANTS"

He shuffled nervously into the drug store, stalking closer and closer to the relevant Isle, trying to will himself to just go to it. He knew he was making himself much more noticeable and suspicious by lingering the way he was, but he couldn't help it. Every time someone walked past him, he jumped away from the incontinence products, earning himself weird looks and knowing glances. When he finally got up to the shelves, stacked full of adult diapers, his face beat red, he was so nervous he could bearly focus on trying to read the packaging on any of them. His still completely relaxed bladder leaked liberaly into his underwear and reheated his now cold pants, making him hurry up. If he had an accident in here, he would never show his face in public ever again.

He grabbed a bag of adult-sized pull-ups, guessing at the size, and headed to the counter right away. This was where he realized he should have ignored the perscription and just gone to the regular store instead of to the apothecary. Here, he would have to go through a cashier, no self chekout options here. He cursed himself. He would have to remember next time. No, wait. Not next time, he was going to get better, he wasn't going to be in diapers forever! There wouldn't be a next time, he couldn't think like that. Another dipp trailed down his leg as if to mock him.

By the time he got to the front of the line, he had a consistent slow drip of urine running down his legs, and a look on his face like he was about to cry.

The cashier looked concerned, but by the blessing of some benevolent god, did not ask. She simply scanned his pack of pull-ups and handed it to him, letting him flee from the premises as soon as possible.

Soon, he was sitting on the buss trying to collect himself, when he realized he really should have gotten a bag for this. He was now sitting with a big pack of adult diapers fully visible on his lap. He tried turning it around, to atleast hide the illustration clearly depicting a diaper on the front, but it was still fairly obvious what the package was. He focused his eyes out the window and prayed no one would notice, all the while unconciously leaking, soaking his buss seat little by little.

His prayer was not awnsered, as not far away from his stop, a high, brash voice rang though the entire buss.

"Mommy, is that big boy wearing diapers?" Asked some snotfaced brat Travis was determined not to acknowlage, simply sinking further and further into himself.

"Hush George, not so loud" the kids mother scolded. "Don't snoop"

"But he has a big bag of nappies!"

"Maybe he wets the bed just like you George, you wouldn't like it if i yelled that so loudly to everybody, would you?"

"But he's a big kid! I thought big kids didn't wet their beds?!"

The buss mercifully stopped outside the collage campus, and Travis wasted no time sprinting out of his seat and off the buss.

He heard the kid loudly gasp on his way out.

"Mommy! Mommy! He peed on the seat! He peed on the seat, mommy! That's not allowed!"

Pure devistation shot through Travis's veins, and he channeled it into running away as fast as he could. Fuck, he'd wet his seat on the buss, and he hadn't even noticed. How could nothing be physically wrong with him, this didn't make any sense! Fuck that horrible kid, he'd always thought of himself as child-neutral, but he had now decided he fucking hated kids. A mix of embarrassed and angry tears ran down his face as he ran to his dorm room, blatantly ignoring everyone who called his name on the way. He couldn't stop, could let them see what he was holding in his arms, couldn't let them notice his damp pants.

He got to his room in record time, slamming the door behind him and locking it. He choked back a sob, half-heartedly kicking the door as he vigorusly tried to scrub the tears from his face.

"Ah...didn't go well?"

Joss was sat at his desk on his side of the room, of-fucking-course, and looking silently at him.

"Sh-shut up" he sniffled, but all the bite of his anger was gone. There was only the ugly, vunerable sorrow and humiliation left. Was he really crying right infront of another man, because he pissed his pants if all things? He felt so pathetic.

Joss seemed to soften a bit, standing up from his desk. Travis honestly thought the last thing in the world he wanted right now was to be touched, but when Joss gave him a comforting rub of the shoulder, he honestly felt like he would do anything for him if it ment he would continue. Joss pulled him into a hug, and they stood like that for a while, while Travis tried to gain control of his breathing.

"...I'm sorry" the shorter man eventually mumbled into the others shoulder.

"What do you have to be sorry about?" Joss brushed him off.

"I peed in your pants"

That seem to trip Joss up a bit, before he snorted out a laugh.

"Yeah, i noticed"

That made them both laugh as they seperated, Travis still keeping his head down in embarrassment.

"I really am sorry... I'll wash them..."

"No worries" Joss insisted again, glancing at the bag of pull-ups on the floor. "So... diapers?"

"Ok, well, i have to go shower" Travis cringed, quickly grabbing the bag of the floor and hiding it under his covers. While his face burned with shame, it was atleast nice to know Joss didn't judge him.

The man in question raised his hands above his head in surrender, letting it go, turning back to his work as Travis barreled out of the conversation and into the bathroom. As he went through the ever normalizing ritual of peeling his wet clothes off, throwing them in the laundry, and getting in the shower to rinse off, his thoughts were pulled between how much he wished the worst on that kid that had humiliated him so badly, and how weird it was that Joss always seemed to make him feel so much better.

###

A little toxic romance â¤ï¸

I'm trying to decide between making Joss use hypnosis to make Travis attracted to men (him, specifically), or if that's too far and would be a big turnoff for the majority of people, and i should just have it happen naturally. Then again, their relationship is pretty toxic either way, and this story is just fetish fuel, so maybe I'm overcomplicating it. Please give me some input on this if you have any. Thank you â¤ï¸

*023*2023-06-08 22:30

A little short, some more distinctly sexual content this time. Also, long awaited diapers.

###

Part 7

After his shower, Travis timidly stepped out of the bathroom, only a towel around his waist, and was only half surprised that Joss had once again left. He knew by now that his convenient leaving was most likely to give him some privacy, which warmed his heart a bit if he was being honest. He did find his previously conceled pack of pull-ups uncovered and sat politely on top of his bed, however.

He blushed deeply looking at the package, knowing he was about to put on a diaper for the first time since he was bearly old enough to remember. He didn't want to, he really hated it, but he knew there was nothing he could do. All day he had been leaking non stop, wetting himself several times and embarrassing himself in public. The diapers were a humiliating admission of defeat, but they couldn't be worse then the day he'd had.

He gingerly opened the plastic packaging, pulling out a white, fluffy pull-up, immidiatly noticing the crinkling sound and the texture. He held his breath as he stepped into one, pulling it over his thighs and hips, tucking it up and around his butt and penis. It was a bit tight, and felt so, so weird. He looked himself in the mirror on the wall. He looked ridiculous, what kind of collage student wore diapers? He studied his diapered reflection in shame for a couple of moments, before tearing his eyes away from his own pitiful state.

He got a clean pair of pants from his dresser, hiding the embarrassing garment underneath them. It did very little, as he was still hyperaware of the forgin feeling around his seat and genitals. He decided to play some videogames to take him mind of it.

It helped. A few hours of playing some competative online games, and he had just about gotten used enough to the feeling to put it out of his mind. He found that when he moved he was still reminded of it, and it squeesed him a bit uncomfortably, but atleast it wasn't the only thing he could sense anymore. When it was time for bed, he was almost happy, getting to put an end to this overall quite shitty day, even if he was nervous about having another bedwetting accident. He went to bed with the same pullup on, not having noticed it growing a little damp over the course of the evening.

It was difficult to fall asleep in the pull-up, but he eventually managed. Of course, not long after loosing conciousness, his bladder released fully, as it was becoming more and more used to doing. The padding between his legs swelled, and it wasn't long before it leaked all over the bed, Travis peeing far too freely for it to have any hope of holding it. Soaking his bed yet again, despite the protection, Travis slept on peacefully.

When he woke up the next morning, Travis instinctively lifted his sheet to check for wetness, as had become a habit over the past week. When he first saw himself lying in yet another set of soaked sheet, he first just felt dissapointed and embarrassed as usual, but then very confused when he remembered he'd gone to bed in a diaper.

"How'd it go?" Asked Joss, who Travis just now noticed was sitting on his own bed with his laptop on his stomach, watching Travis inspect the damages from his bedwetting.

"...fine" Travis mumbled, not convincing anyone.

"You're wet arn't you?"

"N-no"

Joss rolled his eyes, putting his laptop aside.

"Stand up then. I'll help you clean up"

Travis was about to protest, but found he was already doing as he was told. Somehow he just... wanted to do as Joss told him. He felt the pullup weigh heavily between his legs as he stood up.

He stood beside his bed, his soaking wet bed and peed night pants on full display for his roommate. Joss whistled, coming closer to see the damage.

"You had a really big accident, huh? Looks like your pull-ups didn't do anything"

Travis blushed, embarrassed his wearing diapers was being acknowledged.

"I... don't know why... I thought they would atleast keep the bed dry"

"Because they're just pullups, love, they're just ment for small accidents. You need some really thick propper bedwetting diapers" Joss explained, making Travis want to die of shame.

"S-shut up! How was i supposed to know? i don't know anything about... about... And how do you know anyway? Something you're not telling us?" He snapped back.

"About diapers, you mean? Well, you better learn fast, you clearly need them" Joss responded, unimpressed, looking over the poor abused mattress one more time.

Travis whined, ashamed, uncomfortable in his heavy night-time padding. Joss stepped up close, looking down at the shorter man in a way that made his heart beat sound in his ears. He felt so pathetically inferior, standing there in a soaked night diaper and wet pants infront of his yet to be stripped bed, with his smarter, taller, and (he would argue) handsomer roommate looking down at his pitiful state.

"How about you stop giving me sutch and attitude? Huh, little bedwetter?"

Travis cringed at the name, but couldn't tear his eyes from Joss's. There was something dark and lustful in them. Something strong and superior, something that complimented how small and weak Travis felt infront of him.

"Oh, you don't like that name? But its true isn't it?" Joss continued, his voice slowly transitioning into a low whisper that could only be described as sensual.

"I was going to help you with your pissy sheets, but that was before you decided to be mean to me. How about you strip your bed here, right in front of me, and maybe ill let you change your diaper before you go wash them. Again"

Though his words were cruel and harsh, Travis didn't feel hurt. He felt deeply ashamed and embarrassed, but his body reacted in a strange way to the commands. There was an eagerness to obey, one that reminded him of a puppy wagging his tale while waiting for his masters orders. The degrading comments somehow felt right, almost good. Travis didn't have the word to describe it, but he felt submissive.

"O-okay..." he replied meekly, staring as if hypnotized into Joss eyes. He was so close now, and had at some point placed a hand on his lower back.

"Good boy" Joss smiled, making Travis almost jump in surprise as his cock jerked in his wet diapers. Did his dick just twitch from a simple compliment? From another man? What was wrong with him?

All his thoughts were quieted by Joss's voice yet again.

"Get to it then".

Travis, feeling a bit weak in the knees, slowly seperated from Joss, starting to strip his bed as he had many times before at this point. When his mattress cover came off, revealing the layers of obscene, yellow stains overlapping eatchother, Joss chuckled in a low, breathy voice.

"Anyone who sees that will know you're a bedwetter... that's so embarrassing"

Travis cast him a glance, his cheeks already rosey and hot, seeing Joss looked... exited? He glanced a bit downwards, seeing a distinct bulge in his pants. Oh.

He stripped the rest of his sheets in silence, soaking up the humiliation of Joss seeing him like this. When he was done, he didn't break out the hairdrier or put on new sheets immidiatly as he usually did, rather let the wet patch and the stained matress lay exposed. He wasn't sure he could fully unpack why he made that decision, if he were asked.

He inched closer to Joss, looking up at him through his eyelashes.

"So...can i?"

"Can you what?" Said Joss with a crooked smile.

"Can i.... can i change... my d-diaper?"

###

We are finally getting somewhere with Travis and Joss... anyway, should Joss let him change his diaper or not? Help me decide please â¤ï¸

