Kakegurui short stories - (V) Sayaka and the Momobami twins

Author: BB88

*000*2019-07-24 19:25

As I messed up with the forums last time, I think this will be better.

Summary: Sayaka being desperate on a ride back to the Momobami's estate after an important night out.

The limousine proceeded steady and confident on the uneven road. The mountains outside of its tinted windows were giants shrouded in shadows. With their dark cloaks, they towered against the brightness of the few lucky stars which had managed to escape the loud screaming of the city lights. Aside from the road slithering around the cliff and a few tired lampposts, there was no sign of human presence.

The car was a beast: it devoured the asphalt and its scars, the headlights were as powerful as the spotlights of a theater and they cut the darkness before the gargantuan yet elegant bulk like yellowish blades. Its V8 Twin Turbo roared in the silence of the night. But inside, nothing was heard, aside from the few asperities of the road.

A pinch: Igarashi Sayaka found no better word for her situation.

Her hands were grasping each other on her crossed thights. In the dark, she couldn't see the knuckles growing white, but she could feel that the effort had made them numb. Underneath her elgant blue tailleur, she was sweating, a little. Not enough to ruin her make-up, but enough to cover her forehead with a thin patina. A few mintues earlier she had noticed she was gritting her teeth too hard, it was giving her a headache. Now she switched to biting the corner of her lip. Not enough to bleed, but enough to try and distract herself.

A pinch.

Maybe she could have found something more suitable, more poetic or assertive. Right now, she was too concentrated on trying to keep the content of her bladder in its place to care. The icing on the cake was, she couldn't even claim the relief- "God, the irony. "- of being alone.

Sitting across from each other, the President and the Vice-President were the worst possible audience for such a disgraceful show.

It was impossible to hide that something was off. In the first place because even if the Momobami's limousine- well, one of the limousines- was as big as one could dream of, they were still in sight of each other. And in the second place because Kirari had understood at once what was going.

"I can ask the chauffeur to go faster. ", she said. The old lights outside kissed her face for a moment: her blue eyes were fixated on Sayaka.

She was unreadable. And she looked absolutely stunning in her crimson italian suit.

"Those clothes cost more than the lives of six or seven of our poorest students. ", had though Sayaka, as soon as she had recovered from that beauty's sight.

She dismissed the memory as she replied: "No, thank you ma'am. I appreciate your concern, but I can't allow any of you to run any unnecessary risk on my behalf. These roads are in awful conditions and-… "

A sudden jolt made her forget the rest of her sentence: she whined as pangs of pain stabbed her lower abdomen.

She felt Kirari's eyes on her face. Her blood raced to her cheeks.

"I-… "

Kirari didn't take notice of her. Her hand rose to knock on the partitioning glass of the driving side. An apology was murmured from the speakers, but she didn't mind it. She said: "I don't need to tell you that it is your own foolish attitude that caused this situation. ".

It wasn't a question. "Yes. ", said Sayaka anyways. It was almost a whisper. She lowered her head and stared at the white knuckles she couldn't see.

Her cheeks were burning. And her bladder was spasming, she was so full she could swear she heard the liquid sloshing in her tummy with every curve of the road.

"Three-hundred and fifty milliliters. ", she thought. "A can of coke: that's the avarage capacity of the bladder in adult males. But I'm not a male, and I can't say I'm an adult. How much did I drink? It was only water. A glass must've been-… "

Another jolt. Her bladder warned her that this wasn't the best time to make this sort of calculations. Sayaka drew in a shaky breath and tried to distract herself. She couldn't look outside, not right now, at least. If she raised her eyes she would meet the President's gaze. She didn't have the heart to.

She couldn't even begin to imagine how disappointed she must've been.

And yet, she thought , tears burning at the corners of her eyes, the dinner had gone so well, even more than expected.

The formal party they had attendend that night had taken place in a private estate lost among the mountains. It took two hours to get there from the Academy. With the elicopter it would have taken much less, but the hosts were a peculiar couple: they were frightened by outsiders. The manor they chose to live in was as secluded and safe as a medieval monastery and the mounts which sourrounded it would have made it impossible for the elicopter to fly safely. Kirari had talked about buying a new, better one, but Sayaka had reminded her that there was no time to.

Aside from their fear of the world and the wealth they wished to protect from it, Sayaka knew nothing else of their hosts.

Which was the main reason why she hadn't found the courage to ask for the restroom. The two were so paranoid that they kept no waiters nor maids, so there was no one else she could ask.

And anyways, she had had more important matter to take care of: she stood by the Momobami twins, diligent and flawless, to take note of what one said while filling in the silences that were so frequent with the other. The weight of the teaser in her pocket had reminded her that she wasn't acting only as Secretary. Everything had gone well, anyways. She wouldn't have changed anything.

But she had drank every time she was offered a glass, and she had eaten more than usual. The added pressure was becoming more and more painful.

In order to relieve some of it, she uncrossed her legs and kept her thighs as far apart from each other as her good manners would allow. Then she started waiting for the next wave of pain and urgency.

The President's voice attracted her attention.

"I trust you won't do something so unnecessary again in the future. ", said Kirari. "But you did well tonight. Maybe too well, if you forgot to take care of yourself. "

Sayaka found the courage to raise her eyes: Kirari didn't look angry or disappointed. But she was hard to read, and Sayaka couldn't bring herself to accept the praise. Then the President said something else.

"Rest at ease: it won't take long before we get to the estate. "

It took a moment for Sayaka to elaborate.

"The… the estate? ", she repeated.

"Yes. ", said Kirari. "The Family's estate is closer than the Academy. Time is essential, as I can see, so I figured that changing our destination would be the best choice. "

"President, you didn't have to! ", said Sayaka. Deep down though, she couldn't help feeling a spark of joy in her chest. Maybe in her tummy too, but in that area there was so much going on that she couldn't be sure whether it was butterflies or the signal that she was about to burst.

"It's not a problem. Soon we will be home. "

"Home! The President is taking care of me! She wants to bring me home with her! ", thought Sayaka, and for a moment, the pain, the stress, the embarassment all seemed to disappear from her mind.

Then the car jolted again. Horrified, she felt her panties growing wet. The leak had been small, but she could feel its disgusting warmth on the drenched fabric. Her mind started racing: would the President and the Vice-President notice the smell? It was cold outside, could she find an excuse to open one of the windows? How long would it be before…

God, her face felt so warm. She passed one of her hands on her sweaty forhead.

She couldn't be sure, but she thought the Vice-President was looking at her. Her face was turned in her direction.

Sayaka tried to figure out what was going on behind the bottomless holes of the mask, but gave up soon.

Trying not to soak the elgant and expensive- and provided by the President herself- tailleur was taking all of her energies. She remembered that the limousine costed as much as a flat, and something more too, perhaps. But covering the costs of clothes and car would have been the least of her problems.

Wetting herself in front of the Momobami twins was unthinkable, unacceptable, she refused to consider it a possibility.

Rather than force them to witness such an ungly show, she would have asked to stop the car and…

"Pee on the side of the road. Like an old man or a toddler! ".

She didn't have many options after all: wetting herself and offend the dignity of the President and of the Vice-President, or asking to stop and lose all respect for herself.

At this point she was starting to think she wouldn't make it back. The need to relieve herself had assaulted her abdomen for so long, it was so painful and she was so painfully conscious of it that she was starting to lose all hope. Her legs were fidgetting and there was no stopping them.

The drenched fabric of her underwear was starting to bother her. At the same time it was such a lure…

"I have to hold it in at all costs! ", she thought, "If only I could add some pressure with my hand... I'd give three-quarters of the funds in my bank account, I swear! "

But there was no way she could. The Vice-President was back at staring outside but Kirari's eyes were glued to her like they had never been. Their glimmer in the darkness was haunting. With a mix of emotions, Sayaka felt their burning presence on her face.

It was quite uncomfortable.

"Should I ask her to stop…? Do I have the courage to…? "

She noticed it had been a while since she met the other's eyes.

Was that weird?

After all this time, she was more or less used to the President's quirks, the Vice-President would have known them better than her too, but she, Sayaka… Was she being too weird?

"First they notice I'm about to wet myself like a child, now I'm avoiding the President's beautiful face like a plague… what did I do to deserve this?! "

Her eyes filled with tears. The softest of whines escaped her lips.

"Sayaka. ", called Kirari. "We're almost there. Just hold on a little longer. "

"She's… comforting me… ? "

"…Yes ma'am. Thank you. ", murmured Sayaka as soon as the knot in her throat let her.

Kirari's blue lipstick glimmered as she smiled. Sayaka thought she saw her mouth moving. 'Silly girl', she thought she heard. But she must've been mistaken. Another wave of desperation hit her abdomen like an hammer: she clenched her knees and hoped with all her heart it would pass without damage. Her breath shook between her lips. She closed her eyes and waited.

It lasted for a few seconds. The struggle covered Sayaka's face in sweat. She had dug her nails in her palms with such strenght that she could feel the waning moons they engraved.

"That was bad… that was unbelievably bad. "

Her legs wouldn't stop bouncing. The Vice-President was back at staring at her and Sayaka's cheeks were becoming as red as the President's suit.

"This is embarassing… but between this and wetting myself… ! "

She was hoping she could find a way to push her hands between her thights. But with both of the twins watching her it would have been too gross, too rude. In order to feel a little less under pressure, Sayaka waited at least for the Vice-President to move her head away like before.

She waited in vain.

"What is up with both of them?! ", she thought disquieted, " The President is curious by nature, but Ririka? Why is she watching me like that?! "

Maybe she was grossed out. Maybe she wanted to see the exact moment in which Sayaka lost all control on her body, and the respect of the President with it. Or perhaps she was just curious, like her sister.

It was impossible to say what was going on behind the mask.

Sayaka took a sharp breath and clenched her muscles.

She didn't care.

As long as she had a chance to use the bathroom they could stare at her all night long.

The car stopped, and her bladder spasmed, at its limit. Sayaka exchanged a panicked look with the President.

"We're at the estate. ", said Kirari. "As soon as the gate opens it's only a matter of minutes. "

Sayaka thought she was smiling again.

"Oh President! ", she pleaded in her mind as the car went on. "I can't believe you're enjoying this-… this shit-show! "

It wasn't that bad. She was fidgetty and a little sweaty, sure, her panties were a little wet.

But the truth was, that Sayaka couldn't accept to show her umanity like that. Which, on one hand made sense: of the three, she had always considered herself as the weakest. On the other hand, though, she had always been the most 'normal' ; even in the eyes of the other students.

It felt natural that Ririka hid everything about herself behind her mask; Sayaka was almost susprised, at times, to see the President eating and drinking something else aside from the tea the Secretary prepared. They would never show a need like the one they were witnessing with so much attention.

Sayaka had no obligation to act like them, she didn't have to keep up a cool façade like they did. And even if she did feel somehow the need to, she knew she wouldn't have been able to.

She was only human.

But she couldn't wet herself in front of them, she wouldn't and she couldn't!

Everythingw was going to be okay, she wasn't going to disgrace herself in the eyes of the President. She kept repeating it to herself, over and over again.

The time that passed from the moment they left the gate seemed endless.

Sayaka bit her lips almost to the point of bleeding. By the time they reached the front of the estate, she was bent in two. She squirmed in her seat: it was over. Tears crowded in her eyes. The pain, the necessity, the embarassment, the frustration… If she didn't wet herself, she would have made a fool of herself by starting to cry like an idiot.

The President's voice interrupted her agitated thoughts.

"We're here. "

"Ah, y-yes ma'am… "

The gargantuan estate was before them. Sayaka shot it a mere glance before giving in: she grabbed her crotch. Her knees were trembling so much she could barely get out of the car.

Kirari and Ririka remained behind her. Whether it was because they wanted to be polite or because they wanted to look at her some more, Sayaka didn't know. The only moment the President was in front of her was when she told a maid to guide Sayaka to the closest bathroom.

Bathroom.

Sayaka's whole body seemed to react at the word, and this time for sure she would lose control. She scrunched up her face in a grimace: a spurt, two.

"The President is right here… I can't… I won't! "

Her willpower was the only thing preventing a disaster. She could feel thick, warm droplets sliding down her thights as she followed the maid.

"Close… I'm so close… ! "

She got in the bathroom, ignored its splendour and rushed for the toilet. There was only one problem…

"I… I can't walk! If I open my legs a little more… "

"Oh, please, please! ", she pleaded.

Her hands shook. She was just four steps away, three steps away…

Her bladder released itself.

"No! ", cried Sayaka.

In one last effort, she yanked up the skirt of her tailleur and pulled down her panties. She had the time to be horrified by the sight of the golden trickle escaping her labia, then she sat on the toilet.

Her relief was so great she started crying. She couldn't help herself, really: the pain was leaving with seven hours of liquids. It was making such a noise hitting the water that she started to fear someone could hear it. But she didn't care, she didn't care.

Her crying subsided. As she waited for her bladder to be done, she reviewed the damage: her skirt was dry, God bless, but her panties and pantyhose were soaked. Their smell and the wetness that ran all the way down to her knees were quite bothersome.

With the corner of her eye she also noticed the yellowish trail she had left on the floor. There was a carpet in front of the opulent sink. She could see she had left a dark spot on it.

"God, what a mess… but still, it could have been much worse. "

After what felt like an eternity, she was done. She cleaned herself up and flushed. Her face was sticky with the remainings of her make-up. She wondered whether she should remove her pantyhose. It would have been mortifing to know that the President knew why she had taken them off, but the fabric was too wet. With a pang of shame, she removed them and hid them in her pocket. The President had said she could keep the tailleur, so she didn't have to worry about someone finding them.

Her panties were something different.

"I should throw them away. They're gonna reek. But I can't go around with a skirt, no panties and no tights… ! "

She struggled with herself.

"If the President knew, what would she think about this? That I'm a pervert, no doubts. She wouldn't keep me at her side… "

But she couldn't keep her white panties on. They were soaked to the point of being see-through, and again, the smell would have been hard to hide. Her skin wouldn't have appreciated the contact with something so wet all the way back to the Academy. And talking about perverts, if the President kept Midari in the Council, at the end Sayaka was confident she could forgive her this one time.

With a sigh, she took her underwear off and put it with her tights.

"Now, let's clean up this mess. I'll pretend the carpet got wet while I washed my hands… ugh. But there's no choice. "

\\ \\ \\

Upon leaving the bathroom, Sayaka found the same maid waiting for her.

She was led throught the labirinthine hallways of the house, and this time she had all the time and the presence of mind to admire its old-fashioned architecture. The estate must have been as ancient as the President's family. And it had her same kind of misterious beauty.

The opulence was stunning, but without being excessive. She had expected to see some more of the President's eccentricity.

The twins were waiting for her in a lounge: Ririka and Kirari were sitting on two leather couches, across from each other. They had had the time to change themselves into two identical traditional kimono; both black and white, both as expensive-looking as they could be.

Ririka had taken off her mask and Sayaka had to make an effort to stop staring: the resemblance to the President was breath-taking. The only thing in which they differed was the hairstyle. Intrigued, Sayaka wondered whether she would have been able to recognise one from the other if there were no differences.

The President attracted her attention: she was smiling. On the bulky wooden coffee table before her, a tea set was waiting.

"You look better, now, Sayaka. ", she said.

"Yes, ma'am. I apologise for the detour and I am most grateful for allowing me to… u-use your restroom… "

"Now, now, Sayaka. ", said the President, "After all, you're always looking after me. If for once the tables have turned, I can only be glad. "

Sayaka felt her face growing warmer. Her chest was ablaze. A smile tugged at the corner of her mouth as she murmured her thanks.

"Care to join us for a cup of tea before going to bed? "

"Ah, yes ma'am. It would be my pleasure. "

Remembering the disgraceful things she was keeping in her pocket, Sayaka stood as far as possible from her hosts.

"What's wrong? ", said Kirari. "I don't bite I promise. "

She chuckled. There was a sparkle in her blue eyes. Mirth, or maybe something else.

"Come. I won't allow a guest to stand like that. "

Fighting her concern, Sayaka got closer. She intended to serve the President like usual before sitting.

"Oh, leave that be. ", said Kirari. "You're a guest, I told you. Forget about being Secretary for once. Let me spoil you. "

In front of her smile, Sayaka felt like a dozen fires were burning in her. 'Let me spoil you', she had said.

Could she really allow herself to?

"President-… "

"There you go. "

The maid filled everyone's cup. Ririka didn't touch hers. Her expression was unreadable even without the mask. She followed uninterested what was going on around her, as if she wasn't really a part of it.

Sayaka sat by Kirari's side, keeping her knees clenched. She waited for the President to take a sip before doing the same.

"Mmh. ", said Kirari.

"W-What's wrong? "

"As I thought. "

"What do you mean, if I may ask? ", asked Sayaka confused.

"These tea leaves are supposed to be the same we keep at the Academy. Yet, they seem different to me. What do you think, Ririka? "

The Vice-President didn't change her expression. She took her cup, drank from it and put it back in the same manner.

"Mmh. ", was all she offered.

"Indeed. ", replied her sister.

Sayaka observed the exchange with curiosity. She knew that siblings- and especially twins- were said to have a special bound. She wondered if the two of them always communicated like that. At school they never exchanged more than a few gestures.

"What do you think, Sayaka? "

"Ah, well… " Sayaka took a sip and fell quiet. Then she said: "Well, as far as I know there's a number of reasons why the taste seems different, from the temperature to the brewing time. For example-… "

"That's odd. ", said Kirari. "Rather, I was starting to think it was because you weren't the one who made it. "

It took a moment for Sayaka to elaborate. Then she grew as red as a tomato.

"I- well, I-… "

The President laughed.

"I like the face you're making. "

Sayaka was so taken aback that all she could say was: "Right… right… "

Kirari was back at staring at her. She was undeniably amused, but her secretary didn't have it in her heart to resent her. Rather, Sayaka felt like she had never loved someone as much as she loved Kirari.

She was aglow. She was so glad that she feared it would show, so she hid her face in the cup and drank the tea- which was good, sure, but not as much as the one she herself made for the President.

"Well, then. ", said Kirari setting down her own cup. "I think it's time to say goodnight. It has been quite the long evening for all of us and tomorrow is a school day. "

As much as the thought of leaving saddened her, Sayaka could only agree.

"You'll find some night supplies, along with some fresh clothes, in the room that is being prepared for you. "

At first, Sayaka didn't think she was talking with her. When Ririka too glanced at her expecting a reply, she blinked.

"You mean… ", she said. Her heart was pounding like a bull in her ears. Could she really allow herself to sleep here, under the same roof of the President?

"I mean. ", said Kirari touching her bare knee. Sayaka flinched and held back a squeal. "That I'd like you to be my guest tonight. It's too late to go back to the Academy, after all. The detour was quite long, as I'm sure you know. "

Yes, Sayaka knew, and she was mortified to be reminded.

"B-But President, are you sure? "

Kirari's easy-going attitude lost some of its calm. She grew silent as her eyes stared into Sayaka's.

The Secretary fumbled with her words.

"I'm sure you don't want to offend our ospitality. ", interrupted her Kirari.

"No! Of course not… "

"Good. Then it's all settled. "

Kirari stood. The smile was back on her lips. Her hand left Sayaka's skin, leaving behind five burning, invisible traces.

Ririka followed her and the two of them lingered for a moment.

"Good night, my dear Sayaka. "

"Good… night. "

One last smile.

By the time they were gone, Sayaka's eyes were as bright as stars.

Notes: 4242 words. I don't know what's gotten into me. Hope you enjoyed.

*002*2019-07-26 06:50

It is an honor to receive a comment like this from someone like you.

I always found you under every Fanfic that I read here ahah

Thank you, really.

