Fanfic Exerpt

Author: boxes

*000*2017-02-26 02:25

This is an excerpt from one of my fanfictions, Gooey Ashes. Fandom is Hetalia. It's a zombie apocalypse thing, and the zombies are only active at night. Feliciano/Lovino has DID, and Ludwig is super polite and doesn't know how best to be polite about it.

Since this part contains omorashi and subsequent wetting the 'bed' (it's a pile of clothes they're all sleeping on), I figured you guys would appreciate reading it. As a warning, the full story isn't focused on omo, so I tried to keep this part 'soft' on the kink side. (actually, there's a few points in the story where characters complain about needing the bathroom, but this was a part that focused on it the most).

It must have been hours he lied there, staring up at the ceiling through the inky darkness. On his right side, he assumed that was Lovino/Feliciano, hands still tangled together. Antonio would be on the other side of that, no doubt still cuddling the Italian close.

He felt the Italian’s hand pull away from his own, the body connected to it shifting. Reflexively, Ludwig tried to hold on tighter, to return the hand to his grip.

Noise, the Italian moving around on the pile of clothes, price tags crushed underneath. Too much noise for Ludwig’s liking. It didn’t seem to bother the other two, but the creatures outside might have have more sensitive ears. But he bit his tongue. He had no idea what to call the Italian. Lovino? Feliciano? Or did he go with the awkward address of calling him/them Vargas?

Taking a gamble, Ludwig whispered, “Lovino?” He rolled away from his brother, Gilbert too deep in sleep to notice the sudden absence of warmth beside him. “We have to be quiet.” There was no correction on the name, so that risk paid off.

“Shut up.” Although it was quiet, it was still snapped at him, and he almost flinched at the sharpness. Lovino huffed immediately after, and Ludwig frowned.

“Go back to sleep.”

“I should be telling you that,” Ludwig stated, his voice muffled in the clothes.

“I know,” Lovino sighed, annoyance clear in his whisper. He didn’t offer anything else, and Ludwig hesitated a moment before moving over. Clothes bunches under and shifted under him, and he kept slow, as long as it didn’t make much noise.

Clumsily, he found Lovino, coming to lie next to him, feeling the Italian tense. They both stilled for a moment, Ludwig blushing up to his ears, until Lovino shivered, and curled up on himself.

Fear got to everyone, Ludwig supposed. Even those who showed the world nothing but anger. Lovino wasn’t any different from any of the rest of them, in that regard. “As long as we stay quiet, we’ll be safe.”

“Shut up,” Lovino insisted again, groaning. “Shut up, I just have to go.”

Ludwig blinked in the darkness, wondering where in the world Lovino would need to go in the middle of the night. It would be a death sentence to even walk out of this room and go downstairs. The real meaning hit him soon enough. “Oh,” he said, rather lame and belated.

He heard Lovino huff. “Fuckin’ bastard.” Hidden in the dark he would never get his eyes used to, Ludwig blushed deeper. “Hold it,” he mumbled in reply, settling down again now that he knew the cause behind the worry. “We can’t risk turning on a loight or making too much noise.”

“I know that,” Lovino snapped, a little too loud. He seemed to pick up on that, and lowered his volume again. “No shit, what do you think I’m trying to do?”

Ludwig shrugged at that. He belatedly realized Lovino couldn’t see him. “Go back to sleep,” he offered, at a loss. “You can go in the morning.”

“I can’t.”

“...can’t sleep?” Ludwig clarified. Lovino offered too little information and expected too much in return.

“Can’t hold it. Can’t hold it if I fall asleep.” Lovino’s voice edged on panic, rushing out of his mouth.

At least it he’d found out the reason for Lovino’s squirming? Ludwig was at a loss otherwise. “I don’t know how to help you,” he admitted.

No response.

“Just...go to sleep. Whatever happens, we’ll deal with it in the morning.”

He didn’t hear anything else from Lovino for the rest of the night. Maybe exhaustion finally hit Ludwig.

###

The smell of ammonia woke them.

Not a pleasant smell in the least, especially first thing in the morning, but none of them volunteered to do anything about it. They all stared at the stain in a tired, confused daze. Silence. Early morning. The lack of sound outside should have been a relief, but it felt like a reminder of the nightmares that had been there before it. It made their stares weigh all the harder

Antonio cracked the silence first. “Does anyone know how to clean this up?” He glanced between them all, but no one raised their hand. Lovino had refused any comforting hugs, and just sat there, wiping away tears each time they sprouted up in his eyes.

“I usually put them in the washing machine,” Lovino mumbled, voice raw.

No power to run a washing machine now. In the mended silence that followed, they all assumed, from the lack of speaking up, that none of them knew how to wash clothes without electricity.

Ludwig gave a long sigh. “We can...” He gestured vaguely at the wet spot. “...always throw the clothes out. There’s more clothes, since this is a clothes store.” Always more boxes stuffed with clothes in the corner.

Antonio shrugged. Gilbert didn’t offer any protest. Lovino took that as his cue, collecting the soiled fabrics in a ball without delay, taking it away from the community pile. He disappeared behind a display shelf, likely for privacy to change.

Gilbert broke the silence after that. “I.... Are we going to burn that?” he asked, talking about the soiled clothes. Ludwig wrinkled his nose at the idea. Burning urine? Yuech. “I mean, that’s got fresh human scent on it. It’ll bring the zombies straight here.”

Ludwig shook his head. “Gilbert, he’s embarrassed enough. Don’t make this harder on him.”

Gilbert reared back as if slapped, and hissed, “Did you forget he almost got us killed yesterday? That kid’s a psychopath, I could care less about his feelings.”

“Gil-” Antonio reached over, putting a hand on his best friend’s shoulder, but it was slapped away. Gilbert had no desire to calm down.

“You’re just a bleeding heart, aren’t you?” he growled at Antonio, voice already rising. “You might be trying to help the little guy here, but I’m trying to save all of us from being eaten!”

Both Antonio and Ludwig started to protest, alarmed, but froze at a knock at the door. In their heated discussion, they’d missed hearing someone climb the steps.

They glanced to each other for a moment before Ludwig called out, “Come in?” It ended in a questioning tone, his voice almost cracking. He might have just doomed them, his mind raced. One of the sick, tormented people had come inside during the night and tried to knock on their door, and now he’d just told them to come inside and infect all of them--

Click. The door cracked as it pushed open, and a cascade of platinum hair peeked in.

“I brought bananas.”

Ludwig vaguely felt his jaw drop, but did nothing about it.

Natalya's wide eyes took in the bedhead, unkempt teens, and stepped inside. She closed the door, and stepped forward. She walked like her legs were handmade by a someone who made dolls instead of humans for a living, her steps mismatched and clumsy, making her way over in a delicate balancing act.

Luydwig tensed as she appeared to go limp, collapsing into his arms, but it looked like he needn’t have worried. She looked up at his face, and repeated, “Bananas?”

###

Since this is an excerpt, I don't intend to update this thread. Just found myself signed in for once and decided to post this.

