A Desperate Girl in Urinal Land

Author: bibibibi

*000*2018-09-10 21:24

I found this on https://desperatejill.livejournal.com/

As Jill sat on the bus her bladder was ready to explode. She really wished that the tour buses had bathrooms like advertised, but unfortunately it was false advertising, as that was only the premium trip package and they had gotten the basic one.

"Oh my God I have to pee so bad," Jill said as she crossed her legs tightly.

"Cool," said Mike and Jim simultaneously as they could see Jill grabbing herself and tapping her feet in agitation.

"Are we going to get to a bathroom anytime soon?" Jill asked, having not peed in nearly 3 or four hours.

"We are almost at our stop and then we will be free to tour the city at our leisure," Mike said. "I could sure go for a pee myself."

"If I don't get to a bathroom soon I'm going to pee myself!" Jill said.

"Hold your horses," Jim said.

"I'm holding more than that!" Jill said as the bus hit a bump in the road causing extreme bladder pain to everyone on board.

"Okay everybody off!" the bus driver said.

"Finally!" Jill shouted, pretty much jumping out of her seat and still bobbing up and down as she stood there waiting. "Come on everyone, get off the bus already!"

"Calm down Jill," Mike said.

"I can't calm down I have to pee!" Jill said as she crossed her legs and looked impatiently at the people in the bus getting off ahead of her.

Finally everyone piled out of the bus to find that they were in a really nice-looking town.

"Where are the freaking bathrooms?!" Jill screamed as she started looking around.

"Don't worry there are plenty of urinals everywhere all around town," someone said as they pointed over to a bunch of urinals on the side of the road.

"But what am I supposed to use?!" Jill shouted as she danced in place.

The man shrugged his shoulders. "You know I hadn't considered that, I guess they really don't have any facilities for women around here. I mean I suppose you can use the urinal yourself, I don't know how you would do that, but I guess it's not impossible."

"How could they have urinals but nothing for the women to pee in?!" Jill said as she paced back and forth. "That's totally not fair!"

"I actually heard something about this online," Mike said. "Apparently they had a big problem with public urination because the men were just peeing all over the place, so they installed outdoor urinals all throughout the city to control the problem."

"But what about the women having to pee?!" Jill shouted as she tugged on her hair.

"I guess they didn't consider that to be a problem," Jim said.

"Well it's a problem for me!" Jill said as she was becoming increasingly frantic.

"Well we will worry about that in a minute, but right now I think that we both need to use the bathroom," Mike said as he motioned for Jim as they walked over towards the urinals.

Jill stood there pacing back and forth as Mike and Jim went to use the urinals. Although there was a big line up the line moved relatively quickly and within a few minutes Jim and Mike were completely done.

"Wow did I ever piss a lot!" Jim shouted. "That really felt so much better."

"You're telling me!" Mike said.

"Guys I still have to pee!" Jill shouted. "I've been holding it all freaking day."

"You shouldn't have drank so much," Mike said.

"Well I was under the impression that there were going to be bathrooms on the bus and that there would be something other than outdoor urinals when we got here." Jill knocked her knees together and started bobbing up and down again.

"I guess that that was a wrong assumption," Jim said with a laugh.

"It's not funny I really have to go!" Jill shouted.

"Well let's walk around, I am sure that we will find some type of bathroom nearby," Mike said.

"We'd better, I'm absolutely dying here!" Jill said. She couldn't remember the last time she so desperately needed a bathroom.

The three of them began walking across a couple of blocks but nothing seemed to be open at this time of day. Every couple of blocks they passed a bunch of street urinals but that was about it.

"Guys we really have to find a bathroom," Jill said. "I really thought we would have found one by now."

"I guess we'll just have to keep looking," Mike said.

"Well look faster!" Jill shouted.

"Hey look there is a kiosk selling drinks over there," Jim said as the three of them started going over there.

"I'll have two beers," Mike said.

"You have any Diet Coke?" Jim asked.

"Nothing for me thanks," Jill said. "But do you happen to know where there is a bathroom around here?"

"No bathroom, just some urinals over there," the kiosk guy said pointing to the urinals.

"But is there any place that women could go to the bathroom?" Jill said as she stood there dancing in place.

The kiosk guy shrugged his shoulders. "You know it's never been an issue for me."

"Of course not!" Jill shouted. "Doesn't anyone else in this whole world acknowledge the fact that women have to go to the bathroom as well?"

"I guess not," said Mike as he began guzzling his beer.

"Maybe we should go sit down," Jim said as he motioned to a bunch of tables outside of a café that was not yet open.

Jill sat down very slowly so as not to put too much pressure on her bladder, but just the act of sitting down made her really uncomfortable. Fortunately when she was sitting down it helped to take some pressure off of her bladder but she still had her legs crossed tightly under the table, and when she noticed that nobody was looking she put her hands between her legs.

After about 15 or 20 minutes of resting Jill was getting increasingly antsy and they could actually feel that the table was shaking.

"What's causing the table to shake so much?" Jim asked.

"Jill can't stop shaking her legs," Mike said causing Jill to blush.

"I still have to pee!" Jill said with her legs still crossed tight. "We can't sit around dillydallying, I need to find a bathroom, seriously."

"Speaking of the bathroom I think that that beer went right through me," Mike said. "I'm going to go over to the urinals."

"Me too," Jim said as the two of them walked towards the urinal.

"Well hurry up!" Jill shouted as she sat there at the table tapping her fingers anxiously.

"Excuse me but do you know where there is a ladies room around here?" a woman said as she tapped Jill on the shoulder.

"I was really hoping that you would know!" Jill said with a laugh as the two of them laughed awkwardly. "I'm not joking though, I seriously need to pee like you can't imagine."

"Me too," the woman said. "But it seems like all they have around here is urinals."

"I know, what's the deal with that?!"

"I guess they just expect us to hold it."

"I don't think I can hold it much longer, I feel like I'm going to explode!"

That was when Mike and Jim came back from using the urinal.

"Hi Jill, who is this?" Jim asked.

"I'm sorry I didn't catch your name," Jill said.

"Katie," the woman said as she shook Jill's hand. "I was hoping someone around here would know where there was some type of bathroom available."

"Damn it seems like all the women always have to pee all the time," Mike said as he gave Jim an elbow to the side.

"That's because they never give us God damned bathrooms!" Jill shouted. "You guys have already peed twice I should point out."

Katie was clearly doing a pee dance which only made Jill more frantic. "Well forget this," Katie said.

"Forget what, that we have to pee?" Jill asked. "I don't think I can do that!"

"I think I know a place where we can pee," Katie said as she waved the others forward.

"I sure hope so!" Jill said as she very slowly and carefully got up and felt all the pressure flowing down to her bladder.

Katie led them to an alleyway. "Is the coast clear?"

"Yeah I think so," Mike said.

Katie looked both ways, pulled up her skirt, squatted and began peeing a large stream of urine down the alleyway as she moaned and sighed with relief. It was a very thick and powerful stream and seeing that made Jill practically want to cry.

"That's much better," Katie said as she pulled up her skirt.

"I can't take it anymore!" Jill shouted. "I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go right now!"

"But there are no bathrooms, unless you want to pop a squat as well," Mike said.

"I don't have the balance for it, I'd pee all over myself," Jill said as she continued dancing in place.

"Then what are you going to do?" Jim asked.

"Screw it I'm going to use the urinal!" Jill said as she walked a few blocks to the nearest urinal. "It looks like the coast is clear."

Jill ran over to the urinal, closed the privacy screen, turned to face backwards, moved her skirt out of the way and squatted and peed in the urinal for what seemed like a minute or more.

As Jill emerged from the urinal there was a small audience waiting outside clapping as she turned red with embarrassment. "Take a picture!" Jill shouted. "It will last longer."

And much to Jill's dismay, they did exactly that!

"Next time we are getting a bus with bathrooms," Jill said as they got back on the bus.

