Golden Shakedown

Author: Biku

*000*2021-06-27 23:17

(thanks to @AuthorFaust for proofreading and helping me come up with a title)

Chapter 1-Luck is a harsh mistress

“Shit, shit...”

Jill’s contract was supposed to be from 9 to 5, yet it was 8 pm and she had just finished her shift a few minutes ago. “Workplace ethics, we can’t be slacking off, leave no pending task!” was the justification for unpaid overtime. The store had been short on staff for the past few weeks after a particularly bad fit from one of the managers, so they were making sure that every worker was milked for all they were worth, something the staff reluctantly agreed to, lest they were left without a job. She was sure she could sue them if she put some effort into making a labor board complaint, Jill had read that once somewhere.

“Who knows how long that’d take, and no one listens to what cashiers have to say anyways. It’s easier to just do the extra time anyways.”, she said to herself whenever the idea came to her. Some would call it cowardice, she'd call it not losing her job.

Her long braided brown hair swayed up and down from her hurried walking, her work shoes tapping loudly on the pavement for each step given. She then readjusted her big round glasses, which were slightly sliding down her nose, and the big green eyes behind them started inspecting the buildings around her, before Jill resumed her tense walk.

She usually only had to stay over ten, fifteen...twenty minutes or so tops, no big deal. But today things at the store had been more hectic than usual. Right before closing, an angry customer hurled a milk carton at her, slightly dirtying Jill's khaki pants and some of her blue shirt, shouting that she was taking too long at check-out. Someone had to clean that. Then, her supervisor told her to help with some boxes that hadn’t been unloaded yet. She wasn't even properly trained, even picking up a regular box would already put some strain on her back. But after feeling like her soul and savings were being ripped out of her from sheer glaring, she wasn't able to say no.

After loading and unloading several boxes, the sun set and Jill was finally able to finish her shift. She had just missed the bus, so she thought she could wait until the next one arrived. After an hour, she was told by a municipal worker that there weren't going to be any more buses until the next day. Jill was forced to walk back home, since there was no way she would pay of a cab with her current salary. The walks back home were never pleasant, since her feet were usually hurting from all the time she had spent standing up. Sure, she had a chair, but they weren't allowed to use it a lot because according to management it was "unprofessional". Coupled with the pain of her thighs, there was also a heavy pulsing sensation in her lower abdomen.

In between all the angry customers, heavy bags, rushed lunches and coworkers in need of help, she hadn't found time to let go of all the coffee she had been drinking in order to keep up with work, which grew heavier as the hours went by. By the time she got asked to move boxes, she was already feeling pretty full, but just let it sink into the back of her mind, hoping she wouldn't have to squat much. Jill was usually pretty good at keeping her bodily needs at bay, after all, admitting she needed to go to the bathroom had always been a great source of anxiety in her; it was as if they were looking at her on the toilet.

"What if people outside can hear me? What if someone looks under the stall? What if there's a camera installed somewhere?"

But this same frame of mind had her bursting at the seams in the middle of the street, with no restrooms available. The bars already had enough full bladdered women in them, so they weren't willing to allow relief so freely. Stores were already closing down, public restrooms required spare change (which she didn't have at the moment), and all of the other buildings were residential.

After a few minutes, Jill could hardly keep walking without each step causing her slushing agony, coffee screaming to be released. Her posture was stiff, trying not to lean too much forwards to minimize the pressure of her belt. Cold sweat was running down her forehead from all the stress and embarrasment. She would apply some pressure whenever she was out of sight from prying eyes, but eventually, even that stopped working. At this point, it was going to happen soon regardless of what she had to say, so she had to think, and fast.

At this point restrooms were out of the question. There weren't even any bushes to hide in, urbanization had gotten the best out of the city. But...

"Alleyway...yes, alleyway should be safe..."

After clumsily running to and leaning back on a dumpster large enough to hide her from the city's watchful populace, Jill rushed to undo the belt and pants that had been squeezing the composure out of her. She then hooked her thumbs to the waistband of her green checkered panties. She had always wanted a fancier pair; but these were the fanciest her budget could affort. They would do the job well enough if anyone ever got to see them besides a customer peeping into a careless crouching stance while placing stuff on shelves. After feeling the breeze hit her bare nethers, she quickly squatted down, slightly spread her legs and...

Drip...drip...HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS...

“Ohhhh...”

Relieving herself was always a relaxing process for Jill. There was no one around to demand petty things or to shout at her for messing something up. She was almost angry from having being denied this for so long. All the customers unwilling to wait a single second, all the coworkers only thinking about not getting fired, all the superiors who only saw her as an automaton. For a couple of minutes every few hours, she could allow herself to let her guard down and unwind. She could feel the daily stress gushing fiercely from between her lower lips, dribbling down to her butt and into the pavement, hitting it like a firehose.

Jill worried the stream was too loud, but she was too exhausted and too full to empty at any speed that wasn’t full force, so she just let herself get lost in the flowing rivers below her, letting her back slide down the side of the dumpster, her butt almost hitting the ground. The stream then began to wane in intensity, and became only a slight...

Drip... drip...

“...Did I bring any TP?”

Jill wasn’t used to these kinds of situations, she never thought to take precautions in case they would happen. She didn't think of it consciously, but she saw the act of relieving oneself outdoors something only a sexual worker or a homeless person would do. But as she had just experienced herself, it only takes a couple of not optimal choices to invite trouble. She had no choice but to drip dry, hoping it wouldn’t leave anything behind when she pulled her clothes back up. In any case, washing would probably suffice but it was still a worrisome thought.

Then, all of a sudden, she felt a blinding light being aimed at her face, making her almost fall on her own puddle.

”You do know public urination is a crime, right?”

After readjusting her eyesight, she was able to tell what was going on. In front of her there was a tall curvy blonde, hair flowing down her shoulders and exposing her forehead. Her lips were shifting as if she was chewing gum and her eyes were covered by huge black sunglasses that didn't allow to tell much from her expression apart from a certain degree of disgust.

She was wearing a police outfit, a shirt with tons of different tags on them, among which was one that had "S. Pinback" engraved on it. Her hand were covered in leather gloves. Her belt carried many different gadgets, and Jill had no idea what any of they did. Funny enough she couldn't find a gun among them. Below the belt, she was wearing a black combo of pencil skirt, stockings, and high heels.

Were police officers allowed to wear that kind of stuff? Jill had never paid much attention to that kind of thing, so she couldn't really tell. But the woman had such a strong aura to where she didn't feel comfortable to do anything but comply. How she could have such bad luck was beyond her. She then hastily pulled her pants up, trying to keep some semblance of solemnity in front of the law.

”S-so sorry, I swear this doesn’t happen frequently. In fact, it doesn’t at all! Not since I was like, five. But I swear I’m an exemplary citizen, check my tax record if you wi-“

”You have a right to remain silent, not to be annoying.”

Jill then went silent in an instant.

”Listen, I don’t want to make a fuss over this, some dude has been hit with a trash bag like, five blocks away from here; we’re a busy bunch. If you make things easy for me, I can make things easy for you.”

Jill felt relieved to hear she could avoid trouble if she cooperated. She didn't want the incident to have any social or judicial repercussions and hoped she could forget about it eventually.

"Oh, thank you so much!”

”Just pay the fine upfront and we’re good.”

”F-fine?”

Jill had never been involved in any sort of penal matter, let alone paid a fine. But she figured that if she just paid, then all would be good, all the issues would evaporate like the puddle right next to her.

“How much do fines even cost anyways? It can’t be that bad...”, she thought to herself, trying not to think about her worryingly light wallet.

The officer then pulled a notebook from her waist, and began to write.

“That‘ll be one million dollars, honey.”

“...

Ok, one...”

”Million. It’s like billion but for poor people.”

”There’s no way!”

“I’m not going to be told how to do my job by some brat that hasn’t seen a prison outside of Law and Order”

"Actually, I'm not that much of a live action fan..."

"You're making me not much of a "you" fan...Anyways, pay up and we all good, we take credit cards."

Jill had already resigned to a humble life. To have a stable retail job for long enough to where she could retire and then carefully live her golden years away. The thought of more than 5 numbers in her bank account doubled her heartrate, a million dollars felt like her heart was being squeezed by a strong, leathery hand.

"I...don't have that kind of money..."

"Oh, no money..."

The officer put the notebook back in her belt.

"With parasites like you, it's no wonder the economy is in such a rut! Lazy scum that couldn't get the juice out of a lemon even with a squeezer. Pathetic."

Jill could've sworn her boss had said something like that to her once. Then, the cop reached for the bottom of her right glove.

"Any human being could be worth a million dollars if they really set their mind to it..."

Both gloves were then removed, revealing two soft looking hands with long fingers and very sharp, metallic looking fingernails.

"Sure, it's not exactly pleasant, but..."

From behind the glass, Jill could slightly tell two large blue eyes, coldly staring at her, as if she was a cow in a slaughterhouse.

"Luck is a harsh mistress, isn't it?" An unknown voice retorted, to the surprise of both the officer and Jill.

The officer then felt a hand grip her shoulder, which made her jump back. To think someone would so brazenly try to sneak on her. She quickly went into a fighting stance, guard up except with her palms open in a claw, as if she was thinking of using her fingernails as weapons.

"Alright, what is going on?! If any of my clothes touched that puddle, you're fucking done!"

In front of Jill and the cop stood a girl with red wavy short hair, covering the back of her neck. She was wearing a slightly unbuttoned cream colored shirt and ripped black pants with ankle boots to match. Her figure was more modest than the cop's, but still imposing in her own way, like a tennis player, but with sharp hazel eyes that would make you think she'd hit you with the tennis racket.

"You do know it's illegal to assault a cop right?" The officer sneered at the redhead.

"I'll take it into account when I see one."

"Hah?"

"Do you have any mobile card readers on you? You were demanding payment on the spot after all..."

The cop didn't even bother to answer, but just kept her guard up. Jill then got closer to the redhead, who herself turned towards Jill.

"Wait, what's going on?"

The redhead then turned towards Jill.

"Listen, I know shakedowns are scary, but one million dollars? For taking a piss in public? Don't you think something's a bit off there?"

Ms. Pinback then spit the gum she had been chewing for the last few minutes, drew a cigarette from her chest pocket, lit it with a golden lighter, which she then put back into her pocket without averting her gaze from the myserious redhead, not before Jill noticing it was decorated with a cross motif. The redhead met the menacing glare with her own.

"This woman isn't a cop."

*005*2021-06-28 14:32

{{14 minutes ago, Big Boss said:

Great stuff, a great artist and now a writer! We'll be watching with great interest

}}

Thanks boss

*007*2021-07-01 05:25

{{40 minutes ago, Drip said:

Amazing set up, at first I was so sorry for Jill, she has such a hard life and you really drove it home and made me empathize with her. So I really felt it when she got in trouble. Then you introduce all those characters and potential abilities and motivations and now I'm hooked and can't wait to see what you write next!

It seems you're not just an exceptional artist but an amazing writer as well!

}}

Thanks, I hope people take a liking to the characters as the story goes on

The next chapter should be up soon, so be ready for that I guess

*008*2021-07-03 01:22

Chapter 2: So Much More

“I should’ve went back at the store...”

An unfortunate piss had gotten Jill caught in a dangerous situation, feeling herself pressed by the auras of the mysterious redhead and the fake policewoman, who in her stance and metallic fingernails, resembled a cryptid more than a regular officer. Before the fake officer could do anything, the redhead quickly took out a red cat case phone from her white leather handbag and aimed the front camera at the three of them, as if to take a selfie.

“Put on a nice smile, girls! Don’t want the crowd to catch you looking rough!”

The fake officer took advantage of the darkness of the alleyway to swiftly put her gloves back on. She was livid at the situation. Did this random woman find out she had to keep her operations secret? How much did she know? The fake officer certainly couldn’t do much about it for as long as the live feed was on. Sure, she could slice that phone to pieces afterwards, but not an instant earlier. The fact a random woman would intervene so brazenly had been enough to catch her off guard for a couple of seconds. But it’s not like the redhead could do much either. After all, she couldn’t throw any accusations if nothing was being done, and fighting after the feed was cut was certainly out of the question for her. And she was sure the redhead was aware of this. A stalemate had just been reached.

“Why are you looking so tense? It’s movie night, let’s go!”

It took Jill an instant and a nod from the redhead to know she was talking to her. Why a stranger would risk so much just to help a random retail worker was beyond her, but she definitely wasn’t going to complain.

“S-sure!”

Jill then rushed to the redhead’s side, away from the blonde imposter.

“Have a good night, officer!” The redhead smugly declared.

If the fake officer wasn’t being recorded right now, she would scratch that look off her face, but secrecy is key to the operations. So she had to play along.

“Y-yeah, stay safe girls!”

She then left the alleyway, a “Bitch!” could be heard in the distance.

“The police doesn’t have any respect left these days... Alright, let’s go!”

As the livestream ended, the redhead began to walk at a brisk pace, Jill following along as best as she could. As soon as the redhead put her phone back into her handbag, she ran a hand through her hair, as if to align any stray strands.

“Wow, that was closer than I would’ve liked!”

Jill looked at the woman that had just saved her from whatever was going to happen. She was a bit nervous around the redhead, but after seeing that she was friendly, Jill decided it was fine to talk.

“Thanks for saving me...I have no idea what would have happened to me if you hadn’t arrived back then. My organs would probably be in some warehouse by now...”

The redhead laughed until she realized Jill really meant what she had said.

“Organs? Oh, you mean the million dollar thing! Nah, it’s...a bit more complicated than that.”

Jill was somewhat shocked. If it wasn’t by selling her organs or something similar, then how would someone like her be worth a million dollars?

“I did say it was movie night, right? Come and I’ll give you the 411.”

“The what?”

“The details of what’s going on. Well, at least as much as I know.”

It hadn't been long, but Jill felt she could trust this woman by now, at least enough to hear her out on whatever was going on. But she still didn’t know something as simple as-

“Hey, what’s your name? Mine’s Jill.”

“Oh right, names. Domino. Just don’t say it out loud if we’re somewhere dangerous, I don’t want to be headshot in the shower or something.”

“That’s a pretty cool name! Unlike Jill. It’s so plain...”

Domino found it interesting that someone could walk properly while having their head tilted 90 degrees downwards, but Jill was used to it.

“They’re names, not trading cards, it’s not that big of a deal. As long as people remember you when hearing it, it works. Whether they run away afterwards, that’s up to you.”

As the two women kept walking, they entered a wealthy neighborhood, filled with three-story houses and lots of greenery. There were many expensive cars parked inside the private gardens laying outside the ample entryways. Jill had always seen the place from afar while going to work, but she had never actually went to it. She didn't have any friends that lived there, and the opulence of the place scared her.

“Does she really live in a place like this?” Jill thought to herself.

After walking for a few blocks, they found themselves in front of a wrecked mansion. The large metal doors seemed like the ones one would see in a graveyard, and behind them, foliage growing unchecked. It looked like it would’ve been just as luxurious as the other houses in the neighborhood a few decades ago.

“Here you go, chez Domino!” The redhead proudly stated in front of the rundown property.

“I-it has a lot of...attitude...”

“People have no sense of aesthetics, I swear... Come inside!”

Jill followed Domino through the tall, metal gates and into a bushy, unkempt garden. Then, Jill saw a wooden building about the size of a hut.

“That’s where I hang out. Clean your shoes before entering.”

“Oh, I thought the rest of your house would look like, you know...”

“It’s the garden, why would the rest of my house look like the garden? Besides, this building is the only part I care about, the rest was just a freebie.”

Jill stopped walking for a second.

“Just a freebie?”

“An old hag gambled the whole thing. It was a bit of overkill, I don’t really need this much space. It looks metal from the outside though, that’s cool.”

Jill wasn’t sure if she had heard that right. Did she really win a whole house in a gamble? Who even makes gambles like that?

“Some people just aren’t made to have nice things, they get a bit loopy.”

Domino opened the door, and behind it, Jill could see a very cozy interior, like a house in the middle of the woods (which, given what was outdoors, it basically was). As they walked past the entrance and into the living room, Jill felt a bit of a pang below her belly. Had they walked for that long? Also, hadn’t she gotten rid of all the coffee back in the alleyway? Jill figured that as long as she could take care of the business with Domino quickly, it shouldn’t matter that much. Her house was about 10 minutes on foot from where they were. While Jill was pondering bladder matters, Domino pointed to one of the three couches. They were covered in a red and white flowery mantle, and looked very sturdy.

“Take a seat, I’ll go grab something.”

“O-okay!”

Jill sat on the flowery couch, while Domino showed up with a metal tray that had a teapot with two cups and some crackers.

“The set came with the house. I wasn’t a tea gal back in the day, but after giving it a try, it’s actually pretty good.”

Jill grabbed the cup and drank gentle sips, she didn't want to push her luck too much. Domino stretched her arms for a bit before sitting down and grabbing a cup herself, munching on a cracker.

“Ok so, I don’t have the full intel on this biz, so it’s subject to change. But it’s still damn good intel, so listen up.”

Domino took a long sip before continuing.

“The wannabe officer wasn’t after your organs or anything. She was after you.”

“Me!? But what did I do?”

“Well, not you specifically, but someone like you. There’s been a bit of scouting going on for a certain kind of young woman.”

“Ah?”

“They must've thought your little incident made for a good show. Taking a piss in public is basically a job interview for these people.”

“These people? Who?”

“I dunno, someone. Again, I don’t know the full details, but they seem to be interested in that sorta stuff.”

“What, peeing?”

“Yeah, I don’t get it either. But it’s on demand. And the people behind it certainly are able to get their supplies. The blonde bitch is only one of their workers after all, and she would’ve sliced us to pieces if I hadn’t played our cards right.”

Just thinking of people like the blonde woman earlier was enough to give Jill shivers. And thinking about how being in such a vulnerable state enticed these people made the shivers worse. What could they want from her besides the obvious thing?. But this also made her curious as to what Domino had to do with it.

“Miss Domino, sorry if I’m asking too much, but how do you know all of this?”

“Don’t call me Miss, we have the same age! Probably.”

“I’m 26.”

“25. See, Miss?”

“...”

“Well, anyways...”

Domino took another sip from the cup before resuming the conversation, Jill decided not to drink any further.

“I’ve gotten caught up in their business before. Once, to be exact. I don’t want to go into the details of how that went right now...”

Domino stared into her cup.

“But they are twisted. And I’ll make sure to dismantle whatever they got going on.”

Jill had her eyes fixed on Domino as she was saying that. For the short time she had met her, she looked like an unstoppable force, and yet something had gotten the best of her to the point of revenge.

“Right now, I’ve been doing research on these people. Keeping an eye on the city and such to see where those bastards pop up. I just wasn’t expecting someone else to be popping right next to them as well.”

Jill stared into the ground. Domino then slumped back into the couch.

“I just wish I had gotten more info. Knowing what one of their goons looks like isn’t of much use. I need something else.”

Jill then remembered something.

“I-I don’t know how useful this might be...But back in the alleyway, I saw the fake officer’s lighter had a golden cross thing going on. Maybe that means something.”

Domino stared into the ceiling.

“Hmm...I can’t say it rings any bells from what I’ve gathered so far. But it sounds like it could be a membership thing. It’s a good lead, if anything.”

Jill nodded as she crossed her legs. It made her happy to know that despite her not-very-glamorous show back at the alleyway, she could still bring some good intel to the table. Meanwhile, Domino looked to the ceiling.

“Hey, it wouldn’t hurt me to have extra eyes in this biz. Mind I keep tabs on you?”

“Eh?!”

“Oh, don’t worry, I’m not going to have you do today’s thing on repeat or anything. Just wanted you to let me know if you see anything.”

Jill felt odd hearing that. To think that the redhead could see some use in her. Even if it was for something so trivial, it still felt very daunting. It’s not like she was getting too deep or anything, but still...But by now there was another concern that Jill could ignore less and less, as she was shifting on her seat a fair bit, raising Domino’s attention.

“Uh, you okay?”

“Y-yeah!”

“Really?”

“Ok, so I drank a lot of coffee all day and I thi-“

“First door to the left, don’t get anything dirty.”

“T-thanks!”

Jill tried to get up smoothly, failing somewhat in the process as she staggered a bit due to gravity being unkind to her current condition. She then took off towards the door Domino had pointed to. The bathroom floor was wooden, with walls to match. To the right, there was a tub, various creams, some clothes thrown over the shower rail and a basket for laundry. To the left, there was a sink with a brush, toothpaste and a hairdryer. And in the middle of both...

“Ohh...”

Jill lifted the lid of the pink toilet, swiftly undid her belt and buttons of her pants, which fell on their own weight to around Jill’s knees. Then, she pulled her green panties down her thighs and rested her butt on the seat below her.

Psh...pshpshHISSSSSSSSSSS...

“Hahhhh...”

Jill was able to let the recently processed coffee gush from between her legs and hit the water below. She was glad neither this time nor the prior one had stained her underwear, she had been cutting it too close, especially back then. It felt more peaceful to relieve herself without the dangers of being spotted or being extorted by shady people. She could make waters safely in the comfort of the four wooden walls. As her bladder began to feel less distended, Jill began to think about everything Domino had told her. People hunting down women just for doing the very thing she couldn’t help but do that very second. Just for giving in to their bodily needs.

There was some fear in her heart from dwelling too much on that thought. Just peeing in a place that wasn’t her house was enough to make her anxious. But now there was this. Jill had heard that lots of women had some sort of concern in regards to voiding outdoors, but to think it could be like this made Jill a bit scared to have so little control about something as simple as peeing. It seemed like there wasn't a safe place anywhere.

Just as her stream dwindled to a dribble, she took a glance at the clothes on the tub’s rail. She could tell apart a sleeveless shirt and a pair of black leggings, but the thing that caught her attention the most was a pair of lacy fuchsia panties, with frills on the leg openings and a floral mesh everywhere except for the crotch area. Jill would die of embarrassment if she ever were to wear something like that. And yet Domino did. Jill couldn't get but question herself in front of that sight. How little she fought back against everything, against everyone that took advantage of her. It made her feel like a coward, like she didn’t have the boldness of the woman past the bathroom door, like how something as simple as clothes made that distance painfully evident. Maybe one day she could wear a pair like that. Maybe, one day, she could be brave enough for that.

Jill pondered these things as she cleaned herself and pulled her panties back up. Is being demure all there is to life?

Domino kept munching on the crackers as Jill threw the door open, and shocked her off her seat.

“Woah! Hey, what happened?! Could've sworn there still was toilet paper...”

“I can help you.”

*012*2021-07-10 02:39

Chapter 3-Sneak

Packing bags felt duller than usual to Jill after the events of that night a week ago. She remembered the things Domino told her before leaving the eccentric, undergrowth-covered house.

“There are two ways you can get into these people’s games. The first is to get nabbed on the street, you already know that one. But you’d be starting on the back foot, since the bastards are already giving you an amount to pay. Political corruption is all reaching and all." Domino told Jill, while picking up the empty tea cups on the table.

"Now, the second way is the spicy one. You find one of their staff members in a not fucked up context, and you voluntarily join. They want the show, and with stuff being as sketchy as it is, they don’t really turn off volunteers, unless you're a cop or something. And even then, sometimes even cops get into these things.”

“Wouldn’t it be illegal to be involved in mafia business?” Jill answered, looking at Domino entering the kitchen.

“Well, they make it look like an abduction, so there isn’t an implication of voluntary involvement. And if you’re a regular citizen, they hand it to you in the form of a NGO they have. At that point, the cash is pretty clean. But legality should be the least of your concerns in this kind of thing..." she explained while going back to her couch, sitting down and staring at the ceiling.

"I want the cash. I want to make them bleed.”

She looked pretty cold while saying those words. On the other hand, Jill couldn’t help but be interested. The bagging job she had right now didn’t pay much, and she certainly wasn’t in it for the love of the craft. But a million dollars...maybe she could turn her life around... Domino had given Jill her phone number in case anything interesting popped up or if she needed help...

Needed help...

She pondered these things while pulling her pants up for the umpteenth time that day. Two days ago, she had bought a red thong to wear while working and she still felt anxious that it might be riding up or that her pants might be too low. Lace was too expensive, but sheer ones were cheaper than she thought. It wasn’t much, but she felt satisfied with it as a step into the assertiveness that had dazzled her before. Every step counts, as odd feeling as it might be.

As the sun set, and as she did extra time to clean the baby mush that some woman’s child had thrown to the ground, Jill was finally able to leave home. Fortunately, the bus hadn’t left her behind this time, so she could save herself the trouble of walking back home. She sat on one of the rear seats and waited to arrive at her destination.

But moments after she had gotten her phone out of her pocket, she saw a woman oddly fidgeting in her seat. Her eyes and long, wavy hair were hazel. She was wearing a yellow blouse, a brown dress with a belt to match, a yellow purse and white shoes.

Jill saw a bit of herself in that woman, someone who had been a victim of unfortunate circumstances, forced to fight their bodily needs for who knows how long. And seeing that she reminded Jill of herself, she couldn’t help but wonder...

Jill ran her eyes through everyone on the bus, trying to see if there was anyone suspicious, only to find that no one was acting out of the ordinary.

But then she noticed something.

A woman in a blue raincoat and a white shirt. Her black hair was long, her eyes an icy blue, paired with striking red lips like her high heels. Jill could see from an opening in the woman’s teal crocodile skin purse...

“Is that...a golden lighter?”

As soon as Jill noticed that, she messaged Domino.

“Miss Domino, I think I found one of the golden lighter women!”

“Don’t call me miss! You didn’t take any pics, right?”

“I don’t think she would take kindly to that.”

“Good, she’d probably spot you anyways. Send me your location and keep it on, I’ll be there soon.”

Jill sent her location to Domino as soon as she saw the message and focused on the two women. Was the same thing that happened to her last week going to happen again? As she had those thoughts, the bus made one of its stops and the hazel haired woman quickly jumped out of it. There didn’t seem to be any houses around the stop, just parks and greenery. As the woman left, the bus took off again. Jill wondered if maybe she had overreacted with messaging Domino, after all, shouldn’t the raincoat woman be tailing the other one?

But then the raincoat woman left at the next bus stop. Jill decided to get off the bus as well, trying to not call too much attention, blending in with the other people leaving, following the raincoat woman with as much stealth as a retail worker could. As they walked, a public bathroom was in sight, and they could see the hazel haired woman knocking at each of the stalls.

KNOCK KNOCK

“Anyone there?! Ohhhh...”

The woman was visibly squirming, probably figured she wasn’t going to make it home. But what would happen now? There weren’t any other public restrooms nearby. Would the woman test her luck and move on...? Or perhaps...?

She then hunched over and stood in place, looking as if a wave had just struck her. As soon as she regained some control, she ran out of the restrooms and went behind the building. By now, Jill could tell what the plan was. Should she act now? If the raincoat woman was anything like the fake officer, one wrong step could mean the end of her. Jill messaged Domino again.

“Where u at???”

She didn’t get a reply, but she could her a sound nearby. The sound of an engine on full throttle. Jill could see a person on a motorcycle wearing a dark helmet getting closer to her.

“Ahhh!” Jill raised her guard as if she could do anything against a motorcycle coming at her.

“Shut up, it’s me!”

The motorcycle stopped next to Jill, and the driver took off their helmet, revealing themselves to be Domino. She was wearing golden earrings and bracelets, a sleeveless black shirt, tight black leather pants held up by matching set of leather belt with a golden cat buckle, boots and gloves.

“I thought it would be a good idea to bring some speed!”

Domino stopped next to Jill, checking the surroundings.

“It’s a safe distance, alright, good job. Now, let’s show up before the cork pops, otherwise we’ll be getting a Jill 2. Quick, camera on!”

Jill froze for a bit, but managed to take out a phone in a rainbow case to record the situation.

Domino and Jill got near the raincoat woman, who herself was close to the hazel haired woman, who by now had her hands pulling the sides of her dress up and bunching them in front of her. One could see the damp bottom of a pair of satin pink panties.

“My, my, I thought this would be a solo show...”

The raincoat woman turned her head to look at them. Piercing, condescending blue eyes were aimed at Jill and Domino.

“One million was the base bet, right?”

The raincoat woman and Domino stared at each other, with Jill standing behind the latter. Then, a gush and a moan could be heard from the open legged woman in the distance, panties down to her knees and steam rising up to her face...

HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSS...

“Oh, heavens...”

The raincoat woman did not avert her gaze from the women in front of her.

“Pity...They would’ve loved her...

So...a million dollar bet, right?”

*015*2021-09-06 18:56

Chapter 4-Challenge

As the hazel haired woman vigorously emptied herself on the pavement below her, Domino and Jill stood in front of the raincoat woman.

Having had a peculiar encounter with the brazen madwoman Domino, retail worker Jill found out about an organization abducting young women as players for some sort of dangerous game where money was involved, and that somehow they had done something to Domino, for which the redhead wanted revenge. Jill had been saved from falling a victim to these abductions a week ago, but the idea of being able to earn money and turn her life around became more and more enticing, wanting to enter one of these games properly. Both women decided to cooperate in participating, and the raincoat woman in front of them was their entrance ticket.

"Hmm?"

"Ah?"

The raincoat woman began eyeing Domino from head to toe, as if inspecting her.

"Your face seems familiar..."

She then raised her hand to her mouth, grinning widely.

"Oh were you the one who challenged Miss Dice?"

Domino gave a dead look to her, as if just mentioning that name was a challenge.

"I'm surprised a no-name got to watch the game."

She walked to the raincoat woman, got close to her face and gave her a piercing look. If these were any two people, one would think they were about to fight; but a cold aura oozed from them, like a frozen beast.

"What made you think I wasn't going to come back?"

The raincoat woman was set aback for an instant, soon regaining her composure and giving a wry smile while walking away from the redhead.

"Well, this might be a tad troublesome..."

The raincoat woman looked at Jill, standing behind Domino.

"And who might that be?" She asked, somewhat confused.

"She'll be entering as well." Domino answered while placing a hand on Jill's shoulder.

The raincoat woman walked towards Jill, standing tall over her. She had not noticed it from afar, but despite what the the elegant looks had led her to believe, the raincoat woman was very physically imposing. Jill wanted to step back from fear of having her head squished, instead forcing herself to stand her ground.

"Y-yes, I'll be playing too!" Jill said, forcing herself to say those words confidently enough to stand the challenge that the woman's cold eyes brought on her.

The raincoat woman inspected Jill as well, raising her eyebrows and half closing her eyes before turning back.

"Well, you have heard too much to just be left to run wild anyways... But, Miss Domino, is this really the caliber of your people?" The raincoat woman said, seeming somewhat disappointed.

Both women stared at each other.

"Are the judges intellectuals now? If you really think you can make better choices than me, then maybe you should try the games yourself for once." She said while giving a wry smile.

"Hah, as you wish then."

She then started walking away from them, heels clicking on the pavement, not before turning behind her one last time.

"Tomorrow will be the day. Be ready. Do not disappoint."

Domino and Jill were left alone as she resumed her walk.

"Well, that's that. How are you feeling?"

Domino looked at Jill, who was shaking on her feet to the point where one wondered if the nightly winds would topple her.

"Hey!" Domino exclaimed at Jill, trying to get her to calm down.

"Ah!" Jill exclaimed while slightly jumping back.

"Don't go chicken, nothing has happened yet"

"Yes!

...

Yes..."

Jill was feeling the weight of her choices. She really wanted to do this, but now that she couldn't turn back was when her mind began to soak in the possibilities. Retail work was a cruel fate, she could agree to that much; but at least it was safe. Now, she felt as if she was being grabbed by the neck, being at the mercy of something unknown. This had been one of the few times in her life where she felt that she had any agency in her life. Regardless, she still felt as if her will was a plaything to destiny, as if she was standing on top of a void...

"Hey, wanna grab some pizza? There's a really cheap place nearby" Domino told Jill, who snapped back to reality.

"Ah, s-sure..." Jill answered, as she began to follow Domino.

