Peeing Yourself...Forever?

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2020-10-29 06:10

“What are you doing, it’s time to get up!” My mom yells out loudly, making me get up out of bed. I check the time on my phone.

Oh shit. I think to myself. It’s 7:34. The bus comes in six minutes. Classic Monday moment.

I jump up and throw on a pair of jeans, a sweatshirt and black vans. As I pull up my jeans I realize I have to piss. I squeeze my dick a little and run out to the bathroom. Perhaps it’s fate my younger sister happens to be showering.

I gave up hope on relieving myself at home and ran to the bus as soon as possible. I managed to make it to the stop just as the bus arrived, climbing on after the girl from my grade who also got on at my stop. Coincidentally we happened to be the only seniors on the bus.

I sat down next to some freshman. I wonder if he had any clue the eighteen-year old next to him was on the brink of pudding right there.

Thankfully I happened to be one of the last bus stops of the morning route, meaning my ride to school was quite short. Not thankfully the bus managed to get caught in traffic and show up to school five minutes late. Now I’m stuck running to first period without emptying my bladder, how fun!

I sat down in first period English class right next to Eva. Eva has been my best friend as far back as I can remember but also my crush since the start of high school. I never had to courage to say how I really felt, and usually just had to lie and brush it off as “we’re just friends” whenever someone proposes the idea of us dating.

Nonetheless, she greeted me with a smile as always, her cute dimples glowing. She pushed back her wavy blonde hair and looked to the front of the class. The teacher was droning on about some book we were assigned over the weekend that I totally never read.

After about fifteen minutes I notice Eva jiggling in her seat and crossing her legs. Maybe she had to go too? She crosses her legs again. She’s in a skirt, fishnet leggings and ankle boots. I can’t deny it’s a pretty hot combination, especially for her to be desperate in, but I would enjoy it more if I wasn’t beyond desperate myself.

After a couple minutes of jiggling she leans over to me. “I really have to pee.” She confirms my suspicions.

“Go to the bathroom then.” If I wasn’t desperate myself I would’ve made a waterfall joke but I didn’t want to get myself thinking about waterfalls. Well, too late. I bite my lip and try to forget about it as my bladder makes itself known again. I jiggle my legs a bit but the pain is getting worse and worse.

“You don’t look too comfortable yourself.” Eva nods with a smile.

“N-no I’m good.” I deny it as I get red in the face.

“Nooo, you definitely gotta tinkle.” She insists.

“Hey you been dancing this whole class you definitely got it worse.”

“I can make you have it worse though.” She reaches over and prods my bladder with two fingers. I accidentally groan out land and draw the attention of the class for a few moments before they look away.

“Damn you for that.” I chuckle a bit as I regained my composure. I waited about ninety seconds or so for her to stop paying attention to me before reaching over and tickling her side.

She grabs her crotch with her left hand as she used her right hand to push mine away.

“I think I just leaked a little cause of you.” She said as she tried to reach for me again. This time I ready able to swat her hand away. Here we were, two grown eighteen year olds trying to get each other to pee their pants.

After another ten minutes class finally ended. Me and Eva both stood up from our seats rather quickly, both planning to dash to the restroom. My hopes were dashed when the teacher decided to call me over. Eva jokingly smiled at me as she walked out the room, relishing in the relief she would soon find while I would not.

“I noticed book summary homework wasn’t in the pile mister.”

“Yeah, I’m sorry Mr. A I was busy this weekend. Look I’m sorry but I really have to go to the bathroom can I go real quick and then come back and we can talk about it.”

“No, you can wait. You not turning in homework is starting to become a chronic problem and-“

I could barely pay attention to what he was saying. I bit my lip and squeezed my thighs together as subtlety as I could. My bladder demanded to be emptied ASAP.

After a minute or two he finished and said I could go. I ran down the hall, hands in both my jean pockets to subtlety hold myself as I went as fast as I could.

Just to my luck both the boys and girls toilets for this wing of the school were under maintenance. It seemed almost cliche. At least I could take solace in the fact that Eva probably got delayed further on her relief as well.

I had no chance of making it across the school to the other bathroom, but I could run to the nurse’s office and use the bathroom in there.

“Come on come on come on.” I muttered to myself as I rushed to the door of the nurse’s office.

“Honey are you okay?” The nurse asked as I rushed to the bathroom.

“No- I’m sick!” I yelled out as an excuse as I went straight for the bathroom.

“Occupied!” The voice of Eva came from within, her must’ve having the same idea I had before heading for the bathroom.

“No, no!” I grab myself with both hands. The pain is basically unbearable. I hear Eva’s stream hitting the toilet from within. I barely cling on to hope as my bladder pushes outwards with all its might.

Suddenly, a voice comes over the intercom loudly. “Lockdown drill!”

The sudden sound frightened me enough that the seal broke. The school nurse looked on in horror as the front of my jeans starting turning dark blue. Tears filled my eyes as embarrassment mounted...

Suddenly, I appeared in my bed at home.

“What the hell?”

“What are you doing, it’s time to get up!”

I feel a sense of relief. It must’ve been a dream. It had felt so real though...

I look at my phone. The bus comes in five minutes. It’s the same time I got up in my dream. I open my drawer quickly to see the same exact clothes I had in my dream ready...

“What?” I ask myself. I don’t have time to ponder. I get dressed with my pair of jeans and a sweatshirt and rush to the bus. The same girl is standing there in the same clothes. Almost on queue I notice my bladder again.

Then I realized it. I was repeating the day again.

Too be continued...

