2 long time friends

Author: Bravestone

*000*2018-12-03 16:48

I was encouraged by a friend here to post this. A first foray into fiction. I was reluctant at first. Nervousness. I enjoy writing but not sure I have a talent for it.

Anyhow. I hope she's right

....Story begins here ....

Jack awoke in a semi panic. He really had to pee. He must have slept for a couple hours. He was on a bus ride back from a college sponsored trip to a museum. Anne was fast asleep next to him in the aisle seat of the bus. Jack had a window seat. They were close friends. Grew up together after Jacks family moved next door to Anne's when Jack was 4. They at times flirted with romance but after such a long and meaningful friendship that next step felt too risky. They had been there for eachother so many times over the years. Being able to attend college together was comforting for Jack. Hopefully Anne as well.

"Holy crap I have to pee" Jack thought to himself "how much longer is this busride? How long was I asleep."

"If I get up to pee I might wake Anne. I'll hold it a little longer"

He grabbed himself under his jacket and rocked back and forth while looking out the window. It was late and dark. By road signs he could tell they still had about two hours to go. Maybe a little less. How much had he drank he wondered as the urge to pee intensified. "Oh this was bad" he thought as he got to his feet.

He looked down at his sleeping friend and couldn't wake her. Not yet. He sat back down and began rocking. Relief was 50 feet away in the bus bathroom but seemed so far. He crossed his legs and bounced them a little. Anne shifted in her seat. He got excited at the thought of her waking. But she just turned and stayed asleep.

20 minutes later his face went flush as the first spurt of pee escaped into his boxers and jeans. Panic set in. He had to get up. He stood up and a little more pee escaped. He danced side to side trying to figure out how to wake Anne to sneak by. As he did two people went to the bathroom and a line formed. Another spurt of pee escaped. Now he had a baseball sized wetspot he pulled his jacket down to hide.

He gently rubbed Anne's shoulder. "I um uh need to sneak by to hit the mens room." He whispered in her ear.

"Mmm uh ok. Great idea" she said groggily as she awoke. "Oh wow I have to pee too. I'll join you"

No he'd be third in line. "Oh man. I'm doomed" he thought to himself.

"Sure. " he said to her as he let her go ahead in a typical chivalrous move.

He did his best not to dance in line. Anne was chatty and that helped but he was too focused on holding to understand what she said,

"Why was it taking those kids so long?" he thought.

Then the unthinkable happened. A man of 20 was wetting his pants. It started slowly and as he realized it he discretely went back to his seat.

"Oh uh um Anne I gotta get something from my seat. Be right back,' He said as he ran.

What was a trickle got faster and stronger until full stream as he sat down in his bus seat. He was peeing and peeing. It wouldn't stop. His light blue jeans were darkening as a large puddle grew in his lap. The wetness spread all down the inside of his thighs. Soaked through to his bottom side and even up his backside a little. His socks and shoes got wet as well. His face burned bright red as relief set in. He couldn't believe what had happened.

"Oh my god" he thought "Anne will be back any minute and I don't think I can hide this"

He was right. Anne came back and saw the puddle beneath him and his wet pant legs despite Jacks weak attempt to hide the accident with his jacket. She knew that he had had lots of accidents in elementary school but thought he had gotten better. She always protected and helped him then. Even offered to help him clean or get a diaper for him from the nurse. As children she always knew what to do. She had to think a few minutes now though. She had to lift his spirits. She thought a light hearted approach may help her friend most. She took off her hoodie and moved in.

She layed the hoodie across his lap as he looked up teary eyed. She smiled and said softly "Here ya go Mr. pee pants."

She hugged him and kissed his cheek. She grabbed his hand (Still a little damp probably from holding himself until the dam broke) and said "Jack I'm so sorry I'd have let you go ahead of me if I knew"

"It wouldn't have helped." he grumbled softly trying to smile but lips quivering.

"I'd have tossed them people out of the way for you too." She said jokingly.

"Yeah I think you probably would have" he said finally smiling.

"Oh honey. I thought we had you all potty trained. Wasn't your last accident like 4th grade?"

"um 6th actually. i never told you about that one" he said as he planted his face in his hands.

She had to do something to really make him feel better she thought to herself.

"Dont' worry about it. Accidents happen. I'll help you so that no one sees and I can help you clean up before we go back to the dorms" Anne said caringly.

"I might ask you to wear pullups in my car now" she joked.

She really cared about Jack and felt bad that he was so unhappy. And wet.

In a moment that surprised even her she then leaned in hugged him and kissed him on the lips.

*002*2018-12-03 21:18

{{56 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

Thank you

*004*2019-12-18 21:36

{{2 minutes ago, Silly Lilly said:

I really like this story.

Loved the comfort Anne offered Jack.

}}

Thank you was based very loosely on an experience.

