A Demonkin's Desperation

Author: Burstshrimp004

*000*2023-10-17 01:12

AN: Randomly thought up the idea for this story when finishing up some work the other day. I imagine the demonkin characters to have crimson to red skin. Basically like red skinned, horned, and tailed people. I kind of blended together fantasy and omo for the heck of it. Hopefully this story can be enjoyed, and hopefully I'll write more in the future when I can find the time.

Vrena’s red maid dress swayed back and forth alongside her crimson tail as she walked towards her king’s throne. As a demonkin, her skin was a shade of crimson, and her tail ended in a pointed triangular tip. She also boasted small horns and shoulder-length hair of a dark purple, almost black color. The demonkin maid was outfitted in her aforementioned dress, alongside a pair white tights and black slippers. She was nervous, jittery, and if she weren’t a demonkin she would have been sweating bullets. After a few moments she reached the throne, which was flanked on both sides by royal guards and other members of the royal court. Vrena greeted her boss, king Xzylon. Xzylon smiled at Vrena’s appearance in his court.

“Ah, you’re here. I’ve been awaiting your return. Have you set up the dining hall for dinner and the meeting tonight?” The king cocked his head slightly, he had a feeling that he already knew the answer.

“Yep! All done!” Vrena nodded, “The other workers and I set the tables, and placed the orders to the chefs!” Vrena couldn’t help but continue to sway a little in nervousness. It was a big day, and Vrena was kept very busy by her responsibilities as the head maid. As such, she naturally fit into a leadership role amongst the other maids.

“Thank you Vrena. You... seem nervous. Is anything wrong?” Xzylon’s expression softened a little from his neutral look.

“No... I’m okay.” Vrena’s tail whipped around by her side as she continued to shift her weight from foot to foot.

“Alright Vrena. If you need any assistance or further instruction, you have but to ask. Tonight’s dinner service should begin in short while, within a quarter hour. Before the guests arrive, meet me in the dining hall with the other maids. Until then, you are free to do whatever you wish. You’re dismissed.”

“Yes, your majesty.” Vrena did a curtsy, but it was a little stilted as her already red face beheld a slight blush of uncomfort to her cheeks. After the curtsy, she walked off, out of the inner court and back into the rest of the castle.

@@The interior halls were large and beautiful, decorated in dark reds and oranges, lit with extravagant candles and chandeliers, alongside decorative volcanic rocks. Vrena’s tail continued to whip around from side to side as she walked. A classic demonkin sign of anxiety. But what wasn’t a classic sign was the urge to press her legs together as she walked. She sighed to herself, cursing the five goblets of water she drank while setting up the dining hall. Grabbing the sides of her dress to walk faster, she continued down the hall towards a left-turning corner. She turned the corner and saw the bathrooms down this last straightaway. At the sight of it her urge grew and she felt a surge of desperation, causing her to pee-dance then cross her legs in place for a moment. As her bladder sent those signals, Vrena’s eyes darted around in a panic, she didn’t want anyone to see her predicament. As the wave fell back and the coast was clear she began to walk briskly down the hall, hands on her dress to prevent herself from tripping.

“It’s okay, I’ll just go pee, and it’ll all be alright. After that, I’ll meet the king in the dining hall for dinner service.” Vrena whispered to herself, trying to calm down. It was much too long since she last peed, as she remembered that she last went to the bathroom before she began to set up the dining hall. That was almost four hours ago by now. As Vrena could see the bathroom door, she saw a dark red demonkin emerge from a room to the left! It was Obsilda exiting the servant’s quarters. Obsilda was a fellow maid and Vrena’s closest friend among them. She too had been on the payroll for dinner service tonight, alongside the rest of the maids who began to exit the room.

“Vrena! Hey! We were wondering where you were! And you seem ready to go! Dinner’s about to start soon!” Obsilda called out eagerly.

“But-”

“Everyone’s so happy to see you, it’s time to head to the dining hall for dinner service!” Obsilda smiled at her friend.

“I ha-”

“Vrena! Lead us to the dining hall!” Another maid interrupted. All the maids had a sister-like bond in the workplace and continued to ask Vrena to lead them to the dining hall, as if she were the captain of a sports team bringing the team onto the field.

“A-alright. We’ll get going.” Vrena said to the maids calmly with a faux happiness and strained smile. Vrena turned around to lead the group to the dining hall. Away from the bathroom and her sweet relief... She just didn’t have the heart to ruin the mood among her fellow maids, nor the shamelessness to outright admit the extent of her need to relieve herself. As she walked, Vrena’s tail continued to swing in nervousness, and she continued to completely panic on the inside.

As the group walked back through the hall, Vrena did all she could to not press her thighs together under her dress and just try to walk normally. They turned the corner and headed down the main hall again. Vrena tried to think about everything to herself. ‘Maybe I can slip out for a moment between serving the guests, I mean, if I can’t hold it until the end of service. It’ll only be what? An hour? N-no, I don’t think I can hold it in that long! What’ll I do!?’ Vrena continued her inner panic until the group reached the dining hall. A butler demonkin awaited the group and opened the door to the dining hall. Inside was the dining hall, and next to the head of the table was King Xzylon himself. He greeted the maids with a smile and gestured for them to come over.

Following his request, the group walked over, with Vrena shuffling, trying not to show any sign of desperation in front of her king. “Glad to see you all here. We’re going to be having guests with quite the reputation over tonight. The human government’s prime-minister, the lazaris triumvirate chieftains, and even the elven king and queen, alongside plenty of nobles from each. In other words, you will be serving me, and the representatives of the other three major civilizations. I request you all to do your best tonight. Now get ready and prepare for service to begin while I welcome them inside.” The king walked out of the room, followed by two of his guards.

The maids began talking amongst themselves as Vrena fidgeted, her hands drawn to the front of her dress, grabbing her crotch and pushing her dress between her now tightly-pressed thighs. “Vrena, are you okay?” Obsilda asked with a concerned look as some of the other demonkin maids looked in their direction.

Vrena blushed in embarrassment seeing all of her fellow maids staring at her as she clutched her dress. “I... I’m f-fine... I just...”

“Vrena, something is wrong. You can tell me.” Obsilda said reassuringly.

“I-I must relieve myself. Really, really urgently.” Vrena began to blush very deeply, already ashamed to even admit her need to go, even refusing to utter the word ‘emergency’ to anyone. She was deeply ashamed of her current state, and her tail hung low in embarrassment. How could she let herself end up a squirmy mess right before one of the most important dinner services of her life? How would she be able to slip out and go pee when the guests arrived? After a moment, some of the other maids began to return to their conversations but others seemed to keep an eye on Vrena’s desperate plight, showing a sympathetic look to their well-respected head maid.

“I had no idea Vrena... that’s why you were reluctant to head out. I’m so sorry. How long have you been holding it?” Obsilda was concerned now.

“I... I haven’t relived myself since before we started setting up the hall... It’s been at least four hours by now.”

With that realization, Obsilda’s concern was double-fold, leading her to brainstorm for a few seconds. “Hey, if you need to step out, now’s the time before the guests arrive. I’ll vouch for you.” Obsilda suggested.

While hearing Obsilda’s offer and thinking it over for a moment, Vrena was practically bouncing in place with her hands buried in the crotch of her dress, but before she could even accept her friend’s offer, the doors were opened once again, by the same butler as before. All the maids scurried into their places in a line beside the head of the table. Then in came King Xzylon and the other rulers with a slew of guards and other nobles of each invited group. Vrena’s eyes widened as her hands retreated from her crotch to her side like the other maids did. As head maid, Vrena stood right next to her king’s seat.

Everyone walked to their seats as Xzylon stood next to his set of maids in front of his chair. “Attention everyone, from lands far and wide.” The guests looked to their royal demonkin host. “Before we discuss business and the current debates surrounding the new colonizers of this continent’s shorelines, we should feast, to celebrate this time of peace and prosperity among our four peoples. And before we feast, I ask you to thank the ones serving us tonight. They’ve worked tirelessly to prepare everything for us today.”

As the king and guests thanked the maids they all did a curtsy to them, Vrena struggled to stay composed, her blush remaining as she clenched her thighs together tightly under her dress. She looked towards Obsilda to the left of her, but she could only mouth a silent “Sorry” to Vrena before looking back to the table and guests at hand. The king ordered the maids to fetch the wine from the kitchens to be set out for the guests, who happened to arrange themselves by home nation. Each maid scurried to the kitchen at a brisk pace, though for Vrena it was less of a scurry and more of a hobble as she pressed her legs close together when she walked.

Arriving at the kitchen, each maid got a platter and several goblets of wine on them. For the others it would just be another dinner service, albeit with more drinks and meals to serve. But for Vrena it was a struggle to keep her balance, holding the platter and trying not to spill any of the liquid contained in each glass. A befitting or ironic task given the maid’s own efforts to not spill her already overfull bladder. Everyone arrived and set down the drinks one by one, and Vrena was no different. At one point, she set down a drink for one of the human nobles and another for her king.

“Thank you.” Xzylon looked to Vrena formally, but also showed a subtle look of concern after noticing her blush and tail whipping back and forth in anxiety. He tried to whisper to the maid, “Vrena, would you like to-” Before the king could finish his question, his attention was suddenly dragged back into his conversation with the human prime-minister seated near him.

“So then I shot the bow and it landed in his buttock! True story.” The human prime-minister exclaimed, excited to tell his story of a hunt gone wrong.

Xzylon’s gaze shifted between the prime-minister and Vrena, but settled back to the prime-minister. Vrena’s only hope for a chance to excuse herself to go pee was dashed and crushed into the dirt.

@@One of the chefs came out and told Vrena and the other maids to stand by, near one of the walls in the room, for when the food would come out. There was absolutely no way for Vrena to excuse herself now. She just had to hold it until the end of dinner service. She couldn’t even think of anything other than releasing the pent-up urine as her bladder was filled to the absolute brim. Over four hours of pee was now begging to be released as it pressed firm against her bladder from within. She just closed her eyes and subtly pressed her hands to her crotch, trying not to draw too much attention to herself. Suddenly a wave of desperation fell over Vrena causing her to bend as her hands pressed deeply into the crotch of her dress full force. Vrena felt quite a few drops of urine escape into her panties. Feeling the drops escape, Vrena froze for a second, a tear or two almost leaked from her eyes before she blinked them away.. She stood almost still with the exception of her tail whipping around in a panic before fighting the flood back to continue her desperate squirming and bouncing. All attempts to be subtle were momentarily cast aside in fear of losing control.

“That bad huh?” Obsilda asked quietly to Vrena.

“I-I can’t make it...”

“Don’t say that. You’re strong, you can do it.” Obsilda tried to encourage her friend.

Vrena feigned a smile and nodded, but severely doubted she could hold it until she got to a bathroom, let alone until dinner service ended. The other maids may have noticed her losing battle, but the king and his guests were too busy talking and getting a slight buzz from the wine to notice her now obvious pee dancing.

In a minute or two, some chefs came out with carts, adorned with elegant but hearty meals on beautiful plates. The maids began to head to the carts and serve each meal to its respective consumer. Vrena took a plate in each hand after reluctantly removing them from her dress, setting them down in front of guests, only to take two more and repeat. Unable to use her hands to hold herself or bounce in desperation, Vrena could only desperately clench and cross her legs as she served the last few guests at her end of the table. Her final dish went to King Xzylon himself.

She was about to set the plate down with one hand and was somewhat grabbing the front of her dress with the other. As the plate went onto the table, Vrena felt what she dreaded. More leaking. A spurt of pee escaped her overfull bladder and breached her defenses, causing Vrena to feel her panties and tights dampen as she froze. Backing up slightly, she winced and stopped the stream. She could only hope nobody would notice her desperately holding herself with her now free hands. She was quivering in desperation with her tail whipping around quite violently.

She turned and began to hobble away with both hands buried in her dress, pressing down between her clenched thighs as her tail was now held to her front, still rapidly shivering and shaking. She almost felt another spurt escape, but she prevented the stream before it could come out at the cost of having a sudden desperation-induced cramp in her sides. Letting out a slight yelp, she got King Xzylon’s attention. Xzylon asked the guest he was talking with to cease the conversation for just a moment so he could check on his maid.

“Vrena, are you okay?” The king sounded genuinely concerned as he noticed Vrena not acting like herself earlier tonight, and now heard what he assumed was a yelp in pain of some kind.

@@Vrena was terrified and turned around to face her king. That tiny movement combined with the pain of her cramp caused another spurt to come out and further dampen her already wet panties. She could feel a tiny bit of dampness escape the confines of her tights and wet the dress slightly. And to make her embarrassment worse, Vrena felt unable to pull her hands out from between her legs for fear she would burst. In a panicked weak voice she stammered “I’m so... sorry my majesty, please, e-excuse me-” Before Vrena could finish speaking, she winced as her control slipped. Her bladder gave in, and whether she wanted to or not, she began to pee full-force into her tights and dress. The red part of Vrena’s dress began to darken as the white part began to show a spreading stain stemming from her pressed crotch. Her tights also rapidly stained as they were soaked in the fresh and warm urine, rushing down her legs only to splatter on the floor or pool in her slippers by her feet. Even her hands and sleeves grew wet from pressing her hands into her crotch. Vrena began quietly weeping as she peed. Some of the other demonkin maids caught glances of her flood. Even some of the guests saw her accident unfold but just resumed their conversations, pretending not to notice, either out of disgust towards the accident or out of respect for the demonkin king and his diligent maids. Vrena continued peeing for a short while and a small puddle formed beneath the now disgraced head maid. Eventually the flood stopped and Vrena wanted to run off. The only ones to not look away or dismiss the accident were Obsilda and King Xzylon.

As Vrena tried to get away from the situation, Obsilda tried to subtly call her. “Vrena, are you okay?”

“Don’t talk to me, I’m disgusting!” Vrena sobbed as she pushed Obsilda aside. Vrena was still in tears as she ran out of the room, embarrassed and disgraced by her accident. As she ran out, she could feel the wet fabric of the dress plapping onto her soaked legs with each step, alongside the squelch of her soiled slippers.

Meanwhile, back in the dining hall, Xzylon rose from his seat before addressing the guests. “Excuse me for a moment, I must attend to something of the utmost importance. I should be back a bit. When I return, we may begin the discussion for which I’ve invited you all here.” The guests all nodded to or acknowledged the king as he walked to Obsilda, followed by two royal guards that had been standing by his side. He began to whisper to Obsilda.“Obsilda, while Vrena is out, you’re in charge of the maids. Please, have someone clean up the accident. Then you and the others should clean up the guest’s dishes when they’re finished eating. It would be appreciated in my temporary absence.”

“W-where are you going m’lord?” Obsilda asked.

“I must speak to Vrena. Do you have any idea as to where she went?”

“I do not, but she might be holed up in the maid’s quarters. Please, be easy on her, it was an accident.” Obsilda whispered her pleas and looked nervous, her tail swaying in anxiety. Obsilda feared that Xzylon was going to be very, very upset with Vrena.

“I will. Thank you.” Xzylon said calmly. He and his two guards walked out of the dining hall and down the hallways of the castle. He walked slowly, his tail swishing behind him, but remaining low, ashamed and upset at what happened during the feast. He continued until he reached the left turn. Making the turn he headed further down the hall and saw the servant’s bathroom door at the end. On his left was now the maid’s quarters. He knocked on the door, awaiting any response. Nothing.

“May I come inside?” Xzylon asked gently.

“I-I guess so... my king.” Vrena was in-fact in the room, and made her response between heavy sobs.

The king gestured for his guards to remain outside of the room before he entered, closing the door behind him. Inside the room was lit with candles, and Vrena was seated on the ground not wanting to soil her bed. She was still in her wet clothes, now grown cold and clammy. She looked at the king in embarrassment and continued weeping.

“I’ve ruined the night! I should be disgraced to have done something so embarrassing! I’m so-” Vrena choked up in tears “I’m so sorry! For everything.” To her surprise however, instead of instantly reprimanding the maid, the king merely sat on the ground beside her. Vrena looked up through her tears and saw Xzylon sitting with her. Without his usual regal throne or chair, Xzylon felt just a little smaller... more accessible, relatable to her. “I-I wouldn’t be surprised if you wanted to fire me, or worse after what I did! I know you’re mad at me. I just utterly embarrassed you in front of all your guests!”

“Shh-shh-shhh... At ease Vrena. I’m not mad in the slightest.” The king now looked a little saddened.

“W-why not?” Vrena asked between her sobs. “This was all my fault.”

“It wasn’t entirely your fault.”

“What do you mean?”

“I knew something was wrong... I tried to ask if you wanted to be excused but I got too caught up in conversation. I’m truly sorry. I should have attended to your needs first.”

“N-no, I’m just a maid-”

“Don’t say that. You help us around here with so much, and without you, the other maids would have nobody to look up to. Just as I rally, inspire, and unite my kingdom, you do the same for your fellow maids. You are crucial. Don’t ever forget that.” Xzylon reassured Vrena gently with a touch of regal sternness.

“Th-thank you... But what am I to do now? I can’t go back out there like this... I’m mortified. I just can’t-”

“Do not worry. You won’t have to go back out. Take the night off and rest easy. Obsilda told me to be easy on you. She was worried that I would be upset with you... Now please. Clean up and get some rest. Alright? For all the work you put in for us, you need some time to care for yourself.”

“Yes my majesty.” Vrena wiped away the last of her tears from her face as her expression softened slightly into a tiny, sheepish smile.

King Xzylon left the room and returned to the dining hall with his guards. Upon his reentry, he first whispered to Obsilda. “I spoke with Vrena, I’ve allowed her to take the night off, so she may rest and feel better.”

“Thank you m’lord.” Obsilda then sighed with relief, knowing her friend would be alright.

The king returned to his seat in a much better mood and announced that the night’s business and discussion was now set to begin. He continued as if nothing out of the ordinary happened before, not thinking about if the others were upset with his maid for her accident. King Xzylon silently vowed to himself that he would stand up for his most loyal maid should anyone make mention of what happened in a negative or belittling light.

Meanwhile, back in the maid’s quarters, Vrena began to change out of her clothes, happy to feel the weight of her soaked dress lifted off of her. She took off her soiled slippers, and then peeled off her soaked white tights and panties before making her way to the maid’s bathing area within the quarters. She could finally fully relax in the tub, full of warm, clean water. For someone like the king to show so much compassion and care for her, it made Vrena feel wanted and appreciated by those around her, those positive feelings helped to pry away any lingering embarrassment from her unfortunate accident.

AN: I want to improve my craft and write better in the future, not just from an omo standpoint but in general fiction writing, so feedback and critique is appreciated.

