Winx club fanfic

Author: bunny

*000*2016-06-10 19:41

It was vacation for Alphea, most of the teachers and students left to go home but the winx girls stayed at Alphea except Leila, she needed to go home. It was monday morning and none of the girls had any plans for today and the boys were out for a training camp. They were bored and didn't know what to do. Stella asked the girls to hold a pee holding contest in the afternoon, Bloom didn't want to do it at first because of she has a shy bladder but everyone agreed so she to agreed.

There were a few rules:

1) before they begin everyone goes to the bathroom to pee

2) you can't wear pants you can only wear a shirt and your panties

3) there is one bucket in the middle for if you need to pee and can't hold it anymore

4) the winner choses what to do next week

5) the last 2 players have to stand up after an hour when the third player lost

6) the winner has to pee in the toilet to win the game

So everyone came back from the bathroom and had to drink a liter of water, then they sat in a circle on the ground. After two hours Tecna and Flora were already struggling to hold it in, Musa, Bloom and Stella didn't show a sign yet. They knew Tecna and Flora were the first to lose. Another hour had past and Tecna was starting to lose it she tried to hold it in but started to leak rapidly, she was losing the battle against her bladder. She ran to the bucket,pulled off her panties and started peeing. Tecna was the first to give up so she went back to her room and didn't came back.

The sound of peeing didn't help the others, Flora was still barely holding it in and Musa started to show signes of desperation, Bloom and Stella weren't showing any yet. Thirthy minutes later Flora her panties were getting darker and darker so she ran to the bucket and started peeing at full force through her panties in the bucket. When Musa saw the pee hitting the bucket she put her hands on her crotch to hold back the flood. Flora was done peeing and left the room to change her panties, she also stayed at her room. They were now four hours in the game and only Musa, Stella and Bloom were left.

Bloom and Stella were starting to show a little desperation and Musa was really desperate. Musa didn't want to strain her bladder so she went to the bucket and pulled her panties down. She started peeing a slowly stream that went faster. When she was done Musa went to tell the others to come back because the last 2 people were left. Everyone was watching Stella and Bloom now. The hour went by so they had to stand up. Bloom stood up and immediatly crossed her legs, gravity hit Stella her bladder when she stood up and she held her hands on her crotch. The sixt hour went by and both of them didn't want to give up.

Stella had her hands on her crotch so nobody noticed the wet spot on her panties, Bloom was now crossing her legs. The contest went the seventh hour in and Stella couldn't hold it anymore, she tried to walk to the bucket but her floodgates went open, there was a puddle forming on the floor. If Bloom wanted to win she had to get to the toilet to pee. She started walking to the bathroom with her hands on her crotch and halfway to the bathroom she had to stop to regain control of her bladder. A minute passed and she started to fasten her pace, her panties were getting damp and when she was inside the bathroom she pulled down her panties and started to pee in the toilet. When she was done she changed her panties and told everyone that she wanted to go camping next week.

Please give a comment on my fanfic or one of my other fanfics

