Noble School - A Black Butler Omorashi Fanfic

Author: BlueDragon666

*000*2019-01-23 23:25

This story was written by me when I was 14-15. I published it on Wattpad around late 2015. When I was 16 I decided to unpublish it on Wattpad for personal reasons, but now about 3 years later I was looking through my Wattpad account and stumbled upon It labeled as "Draft". So I just decided to share the story here. The story does contain Yaoi and has many erotic themes so please be aware. I also changed quite a few parts in the story, cause they made me cringe too much xD hopefully I was able to make it more mature with the erotic themes than the original version. If anyone ever wants to read the original please feel free to PM me. Also the main characters in this fan fic are between the ages of 18-20. Not pre-teens as they are in the real manga/anime. ANYWAYS HOPE YOU ENJOY :3

"I'm going to be late!" Cecil said while getting dressed for the 1st day of Noble school. He already graduated high school. why has there be a extra school for nobles like me? As he was trying to figure that out, he totally forgets to use the bathroom. Cecil finally left the Phantomhive Manor and made his way to the school.

When Cecil got there he was greeted by the math teacher Sebastian and sat down in the seat farthest away from Alois.

Half way through the class Cecil began to notice his bladder in its fullest and remembered he hasn't released its contents in his bladder in more than 12 hours. "Sebastian? May I go to the bathroom?" said Cecil while starting to kick his legs. "No my lord, you must wait until lunch." he said while eyeing Alois who was laughing at Cecil's desperation.'

30 Minutes later Sebastian let us out 10 minutes late as he forgot the time. Cecil went to go get his lunch. While in line he was moving his legs around, holding his crotch. He couldn't keep still. When it was finally time to get his lunch. he grabbed it, paid the nice lunch lady and made his way to his usual spot in the cafeteria. He gobbled his food down and threw it away. He only had 2 more minutes to get to Mr. Claude's Class and he didn't accept tardiness so he just went on ahead to class.

Half way through class he felt a small spurt come out and leaked onto his underwear. "Oh no!" Cecil said to himself while grabbing himself like a small child. He managed to get it under control before any more leaked out. "Claude, may I go to the bathroom?" said Cecil while kicking his legs and grabbing his crotch. "No, wait until after class" said Claude. "Please Claude, its an emergency." Said Cecil while a long spurt leaked out and formed a small wet spot on his pants. "Fine, you may go." Said Claude while getting angry at Cecil.

While Cecil was getting up from his seat, yet another spurt leaked out of his pants, and this time, it was unstoppable.

Everyone in the class watched in horror as Cecil's underwear started overflowing with pee and his pants got darker. His cheeks began to glow a bright red as pee gushed out of his penis and wet his pants. A large puddle on the floor formed under him. Cecil has just wet himself in from of Alois & all of the other nobles. Even Claude.

Alois, feeling pity for the young earl, decided to be nice for once. "Cecil...I'll walk you to the bathroom" Alois said with a discreet but turned on face.

While Alois was escorting Cecil to the bathroom to get cleaned up, the entire walk Cecil was thinking to himself. "Why would he look at me like that? I'm so confused."

When they both walked into the restroom, Alois couldn't bare being alone with Cecil. "He's just so cute how he is right now. I just don't think I can possibly hate him now?" Alois would say under his breath.

Alois finally decided to make the first move, While Cecil was about to begin the process of removing is soiled clothes, Alois moved in behind him and hugged him from the back, giving him light kisses on the back of his neck. Before long, Alois and Cecil started to kiss each other on the lips. They both continued to make out in the boy's bathroom in their Noble school. The two boys were both giving each other hickeys, giving each other cuddles, both nobles started to develop a growing bulge around their crotch area, Cecil was still wearing his soiled pants and underwear minus his shirt, while Alois also had his shirt off. Alois still felt bad about Cecil having an accident in class and wanted to help Cecil in some way to help him get over his recent embarrassment.

"Cecil, I have a question I need to ask you." Alois said in between the 15-20second kisses.

"What's up?" Cecil said while looking surprised.

"I first got a confession to make. Alois said with a serious look on his face. "I have a some sort of a pee fetish.....you made me really turned on when you wet yourself in front of our entire class!"

"DUH!" Cecil said with arrogance. "What other reason you would of taken me for yourself? But don't worry my cute lil boy, watching other people wet themselves kinda gives me a hard on too..."

"ANYWAYSSS let's get to the question part. Alois said nervously. "I'm actually willing to wet myself right here in front of you, so you don't feel left out. Hopefully it will make you feel less embarrassed. Annnd….I'm kinda desperate."

Once Cecil heard that, his eyes grew wider and his bulge a little bigger. "I mean if you insist.." Cecil said excitedly. "You're very lucky this time, if we weren't at this stupid school right now, I would definitely make you hold it until you got really really desperate." A big evilish smirk grew on Cecil's face.

Alois was going to have a big accident in his pants in the boy's bathroom at his school in front of his former enemy now turned FWB. Alois and Cecil never thought their day would turn out like this.

Cecil watched Alois as he started to quiet down and get still. Alois always had fantasies about this, and now it's becoming a reality! And with a cute Noble boy too.

Alois finally started to relax a bit, trying to focus on running waterfalls and such. Alois is a little pee shy, So he sat still for about a minute, focusing on releasing the dam that hes been holding for quite a while now. At first, it started out as little spurts leaking out, only enough to dampen his underwear. Before you knew it, the dam broke and he started to forcefully pee uncontrollably into his pants. Cecil stared at Alois in awe while Alois stood there, unable to move. His pants started to grow darker and darker, and kept on growing, even was able to reach his butt, Alois starts to moan as he continues to forcefully pee into his pants. A large yellow puddle formed under Alois as he continued. After another 30 seconds, Alois finally was finished peeing. Alois was now fully drenched from the waist down.

Cecil was really turned on by now, even Alois could tell just by looking at him. Alois could easily spot Cecil's bulge from where he was standing on the opposite side of the bathroom. The only reason Cecil was not standing closer to Alois was the puddle was just so huge! But finally Cecil started to walk over to Alois, Cecil didn't really care at all that Alois was soaked in pee. He got real close to Alois, he started to undo Alois's pants, once they were undone, Cecil slowly rubbed his fingers on the outside of Alois's soaked underwear on the areas surrounding his dick. Alois knew he was teasing him, it made him really turned on. Cecil aggressively threw himself on top of Alois and started to repeatedly grind him. Cecil was able to get his hand into Alois's underwear and started to give him a handjob, while Alois's hand found itself groping Cecil's tight ass that was still damp from his accident earlier.

They continued this for another 5 minutes until they were able to make each other both cum. After they were both able to cum, they both gave each other a passionate kiss on the lips..

"I think it's time to actually clean up." Cecil said as he was finally putting on some dry clothes.

"You right about that. We got a huge mess to clean up before a teacher notices all this. I know they would definitely kill us!" Alois said a little nervously.

After that day, Alois & Cecil became the best of "friends" throughout the rest of their lives. THE END :3

