Peeing Performance Storybook

Author: bibibibi

*000*2018-12-13 11:01

Just found this on my computer. Don't know how long I've had it, or if anyone here speaks Dutch ... but enjoy!!

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*002*2018-12-13 23:45

{{12 hours ago, bibibibi said:

}}

Little Monkey had a little peepee.

He showed it to Mimi.

{{12 hours ago, bibibibi said:

}}

"I can pee really well," he says.

I think I'll start a circus.

{{12 hours ago, bibibibi said:

}}

Little Monkey set up a circus tent.

"I can pee too," said Mimi.

"May I be a part of it?"

*003*2018-12-13 23:52

{{12 hours ago, bibibibi said:

}}

"No," said Little Monkey. "I can pee better than anyone."

"But when I do my performance, you can stand in the circus ring with me."

{{12 hours ago, bibibibi said:

}}

Little Monkey did a show, "Little Monkey's Big Peeing Circus."

Mimi stood on the side.

All the animals from the neighborhood came to watch.

*004*2018-12-14 00:01

{{12 hours ago, bibibibi said:

}}

"Ladies and Gentleman," said Little Monkey, "One, Two, Three, ..."

{{13 hours ago, bibibibi said:

}}

Then he peed.

{{13 hours ago, bibibibi said:

}}

"Bravo," all the animals cheered. "Excellent peeing, Little Monkey!"

{{13 hours ago, bibibibi said:

}}

At every show, Little Monkey did a new trick. He peed very far.

{{13 hours ago, bibibibi said:

}}

He peed very high.

*005*2018-12-14 00:06

{{13 hours ago, bibibibi said:

}}

He peed standing up on one leg.

And he peed standing on a chair with his hands in the air.

That's as far as it goes in the official translation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvIwrjYOzjc

*008*2018-12-15 18:51

{{18 hours ago, Drying said:

I'll fill in the rest.

I tried to stay close to the tone of the original and the official translation, but I had some trouble.

}}

Do you speak Dutch? Or Afrikaans?

The book's also on ebay (and maybe amazon?) if anyone wants the rest of the official translation.

*010*2018-12-16 15:21

{{On 12/15/2018 at 8:30 AM, AliasnameTO said:

That is so adorable! I love the stuffing out of it. <333

}}

Any similar storybooks you know of?

