The Journal - Page 2

Author: BarneyOMO

*000*2025-12-07 16:40

Ch11

By that time of night, the women’s toilets could have belonged to any club in any city.

Dim lighting that made everything look a bit forgiving. A wall of chipped mirrors, edges ghosted with smears of foundation and fingerprints. Smeared flyers peeling off the tiles, advertising last year’s events. The vague hum of bass seeping through the walls, a constant, dull heartbeat you felt more in your ribs than your ears. From the ceiling vent came a faint, tired rattle.

The smell was the usual uneasy cocktail: cheap floral soap that never quite rinsed off, spilled alcopops gone sour around the drains, the sharp tang of disinfectant trying and failing to bury something more human underneath.

A girl stepped into a cubicle, the door clicking shut behind her with more optimism than the lock deserved. The flimsy metal slide always felt like it might give way at the worst possible moment. She pressed it across anyway, thumb nudging it back and forth twice until she was satisfied it was as secure as it was going to get.

Rosie didn’t even consider sitting. No one sat on a club toilet if they could help it. The seat had a mysterious constellation of droplets on it that she refused to investigate too closely.

Instead she turned sideways, braced one hand on the graffiti-scarred partition, someone had scratched out KATY 4 EVA and replaced it with KATY 4 NEVER, and hooked the fingers of her other hand around the coat hook to steady herself. The cubicle was narrow; her elbows almost touched both walls.

She tugged her jeans down in one practiced, inelegant movement. The denim scraped over bare skin, dragging a little where sweat had dried along the backs of her knees. The waistband caught for a second on the curve of her hipbone, then surrendered and slid to her ankles with a soft rasp, pooling around her trainers like a crumpled, indigo puddle.

She squatted, muscles in her thighs protesting immediately. Her knees were bent as far as they would go without actually touching the seat, her bum hovering a few centimetres above the cold plastic. Balance was a tightrope: too far forward and she'd tip; too far back and she’d brush the porcelain. She’d learned this posture the hard way. Find the angle. Lean forward just enough. Don’t wobble. Don’t touch anything.

Her lace thong stayed exactly where it was.

The first time she’d done that had been a fluke, or so she told herself. Weeks ago now, back at the house, she’d stumbled in from a night out, too drunk and tired to function properly. She’d tried to wriggle her underwear down at the same time as her jeans and ended up tangling them around her knees, bladder already making ultimatums. Her body had made the choice for her before her hands caught up.

Warmth had flooded the fabric in a single, shocking rush. She’d gasped, half lifting herself up, heart in her throat, waiting to feel it run straight down her legs. Instead it had mostly gone where it was supposed to: through the soaked cotton and into the bowl below with a furious hiss, leaving her breathless and frozen, the wetness clinging obscenely close.

She’d stood there afterwards, panting, pulse banging in her ears, staring at the bathroom tiles. Equal parts horrified and weirdly, shamefully relieved. No witnesses. No mess on the floor. No one to see the way she’d had to pry the fabric away from her skin.

She’d told herself it was a one-off. A stupid, drunken glitch.

Then she’d done it again. And again. Always at home, always with the door locked, always with the shower close enough to reach.

Tonight was the first time she’d even thought about doing it anywhere that didn’t feel safe.

Rosie swallowed, the back of her throat dry with the lingering taste of vodka and lime. The music out here was different: muffled, bass and drums blurred into a dull, underwater thud that made the cubicle feel like a tiny submarine. Someone laughed out by the sinks, the sound distorted by the door.

Her bladder gave a sharp, insistent twist. She’d been holding it since sometime before the last round of drinks, ignoring it through songs, through shouting over music, through Darcy vanishing with that guy, through Kitty dragging her onto the sticky centre of the dance floor for “just one more”. It had been a nagging background hum then; now it had sharpened into something that held her whole body hostage.

She shifted her weight, feeling her ankles wobble as her trainers slid a millimetre on invisible grime. Steady, she told herself, fingers tightening on the partition until her knuckles whitened. The jeans around her feet felt like a trap - if she toppled, she was going straight down.

Her thong dug a faint line into her hips. She could still drag it down. She could still have a normal wee like a normal person on a normal night out. Her hand twitched at the waistband, then stopped.

Weird, reckless curiosity nudged at her. If it worked at home, it’ll work here. It’s just pee. In a toilet. You’re not doing anything wrong.

Her heart thumped in her chest, loud enough that for a moment it seemed to sync with the bass leaking through the wall.

With a small, deliberate surrender of the muscle she’d been clenching since somewhere around her third vodka, she let go.

The warmth arrived almost before the sound. It bloomed against her in a sudden, shocking wave, soaking into the thin cotton, turning it from a weightless piece of fabric into something heavy, hot and clingy in a fraction of a second. It was like tipping a jug of water onto a sponge: the first rush vanished inside it, the sodden fabric hugging close, every nerve ending in the area lighting up at once.

For a heartbeat she panicked, body tensing as she imagined it spilling straight down her calves, missing the bowl completely, hitting the floor in a humiliating cascade. She could almost feel that version of events in parallel: cold, wet tracks on her skin, slick puddle under her shoes.

Instead there was the furious, echoing hiss of her stream hitting the water, loud in the tiny cubicle, louder somehow than the music beyond. The bulk of it tore through the soaked cotton in a single, fierce arc, and the sound bounced straight back at her off the tiles and the metal, intimate and obscene. A small, renegade trickle did escape, a thin, ticklish line running along the curve of her inner thigh before dripping away, but the rest went where it was meant to.

The relief dragged a soft, involuntary sound out of her. Not quite a groan, not quite a sigh, somewhere in between. Her shoulders dropped a fraction, her grip on the partition loosening as the sharp, stabbing urgency dissolved into something looser, lazier, almost blissful. Alcohol blurred the edges of it, made the whole thing feel surreal, detached, like she was watching herself from the doorway.

It was stupid. It was dangerous. The lock could fail, some drunk girl could stagger into the wrong cubicle, someone outside could be listening and wonder what the hell was going on in here. Any second now, she thought, someone’s going to batter the door by mistake and I’m going to die on this spot.

No one did. Out by the sinks, a hand drier roared to life and then fell silent again.

The flood gradually dwindled to a softer trickle, then to a few reluctant drips. The lace stayed pressed tight against her, now heavy and warm in some places, cooling uncomfortably fast in others. Every tiny shift of her hips reminded her how soaked it was.

The shame caught up a second later (and also arousal).

Heat flooded her face, the tips of her ears prickling as the reality of what she’d just done snapped back into focus. In a club. In Kitty’s jeans. Not in the anonymous safety of their shared bathroom, but here, in a place where they stuck WARNING: CCTV IN OPERATION signs on the walls even if they weren’t true.

What are you doing?

Part of her recoiled, mentally flinching away from the dampness, from the memory of the sound, from the fact that if anyone saw her right now they’d have no idea she hadn’t just completely lost control. But another part - the same, unwelcome one that stored Kitty’s desperate hedge squat and the slap of water on bathroom tiles and the sight of Darcy’s shorts in the washer - sat quiet and alert, cataloguing sensations. The hug of the fabric. The faint, unfamiliar smell threaded through the cheap floral soap. The knowledge that she’d done this on purpose, even if she pretended otherwise.

You’re drunk, she told herself firmly, reaching for the toilet roll. This is a stupid habit. You’re going to give yourself a UTI and a nervous breakdown and quite possibly a complex.

She wiped quickly, dabbing away the worst of the dampness from her thighs where that errant trickle had gone, then rocked back on her heels and straightened up with a wince. Her legs tingled from the squat, muscles complaining about being held too long.

She glanced down. The thong was a darker blue now across the front, a soaked, irregular crescent that hadn’t had time to dry. The inside of her thighs were mostly fine, no obvious trails, nothing anyone would notice unless they were extremely interested in her inner leg situation.

The jeans, hanging in their puddle, looked safely untouched. For now.

She pulled them up carefully, flinching as the cool denim hugged over the damp lace, sandwiching it between skin and fabric. The sensation made her shiver. She did up the button and zip with fingers that felt both numb and over-sensitive, then tucked her top back into place as if that would somehow hide everything.

When she unlatched the door and stepped out, the normal chaos of the toilets rushed back at her, bright and stupid. Two girls were at the sinks, shrieking with laughter about someone’s ex and smudging mascara off with their fingers. The mirror showed her a familiar, flushed face, hair a bit frizzier than when she’d left the house, lipstick smudged only at the corners.

She smiled automatically, washing her hands, letting the hot water run over her fingers longer than necessary, grounding herself in the ordinary ritual. She reapplied a swipe of lipstick with unsteady precision, then dropped the tube back into her bag.

“Rosie!” Kitty’s voice cut through the corridor noise as she emerged, pitched high to be heard over the bass. “You vanished. Thought you’d eloped with the DJ.”

Rosie rolled her eyes, letting the door swing shut behind her. “Tragic taste in music, wouldn’t,” she said. “I have standards.”

Kitty looped an arm around her shoulders and steered her back towards the main room, where the lights spun and bodies moved and the night, for everyone else, was just starting to blur.

————————

The taxi came later, in the smeared, half-missing stretch of memory that followed last orders and last songs and losing Darcy for twenty minutes and then finding her again with a man in an unlucky shirt.

They spilled into the back of the black cab like a small, giggling avalanche. The interior smelled faintly of old vinyl, stale sweat, and the ghosts of a thousand other nights out. The windows were fogged slightly at the edges, streetlights smearing across them in blurred gold streaks.

Rosie slid onto the bench seat facing the driver, her shoulder bumping Kitty’s as she landed. Kitty dropped down beside her with a theatrical groan, throwing her head back against the thin padding. Darcy folded herself onto the pull-down seat opposite, knees spreading comfortably, skirt riding up to mid-thigh as if she had never known the meaning of the word “self-conscious”.

“Station Road, then up to Westwood Terrace,” Darcy told the driver, leaning forward to make herself heard through the plastic partition. Her words slurred together just enough to betray how much she’d had.

The cab jolted into motion, pulling away from the club’s flashing sign and the knot of smokers huddled outside.

As soon as they turned the first corner, Rosie’s body reminded her, with cruel clarity, that the club toilet had only been a reprieve, not a solution. The drinks since then - one extra shot she hadn’t needed, the “shared” gin and tonic that she’d ended up holding more than Kitty - had stacked on top of the earlier relief, and now her bladder was registering a firm complaint.

The combination of the tight waistband of Kitty’s jeans, the damp patch still clinging underneath, and the cab’s ancient suspension made every bump feel like someone flicking the inside of her lower belly with a finger.

She crossed her legs, then immediately felt how that pressed things in exactly the wrong way. She let them uncross again, exhaling through her nose, and tried shifting forward on the seat, then back, searching for some arrangement of limbs that didn’t feel like a countdown.

Without really thinking about it, she brought one foot up onto the edge of the bench, heel pressing subtly into the crotch of her jeans. The pressure helped, a little: something solid to push back with, a point of focus.

“Comfortable?” Darcy asked after a minute, eyebrows climbing. Her gaze flicked from Rosie’s raised foot to her face with slow, pointed amusement.

Rosie forced a smile that felt more like a grimace. “Very,” she said. “It’s called fashion, actually. You wouldn’t understand.”

Kitty snorted, turning her head to peer at her. “It’s called gymnastics,” she said. “You look like you’re about to do a floor routine.”

“I am very flexible,” Rosie shot back automatically, but her voice came out thinner than she meant. As if to underline the point, the cab rolled over a manhole cover with a thunk, and a wave of discomfort rippled through her. She pressed her heel in harder, fingers curling on the edge of the seat.

Darcy’s expression sharpened, the lazy fondness in her eyes replaced with something more focused. “Hang on,” she said slowly. “Is someone a tiny bit desperate?”

Rosie opened her mouth to say no on reflex, but the word jammed in her throat as the driver braked unexpectedly for a light. Her insides lurched with the movement, and she had to bite down on a gasp.

“I’m fine,” she said instead, which fooled absolutely no one.

Kitty pushed herself up a little straighter, frown knitting her brow. “Are you, though?” she asked. “You’ve got your ‘trying not to cry’ face on.”

“I do not have a trying-not-to-cry face,” Rosie protested, then winced as another jolt made the already cold but damp fabric press in against her. “Okay. Maybe. A little. I have needed a wee since before we left the club, is that what you wanted to hear?”

Darcy’s grin spread like sunrise. “Yes,” she said. “Deeply.”

“It’s not my fault,” Rosie muttered. “Someone kept handing me drinks and saying ‘just one more’.”

“You’re a grown adult,” Darcy intoned, mock-solemn. “You can say no.”

“This from the woman who will accept a shot from anyone who makes eye contact for more than three seconds,” Rosie said.

Kitty’s gaze drifted down to Rosie’s jeans, as if she could see through the denim to the wet cotton underneath. “Those really do suit you,” she said, tone shifting slightly. “I’d forgotten. They’re mine, aren’t they?”

Rosie felt a fresh flush climb up her neck. “You lent them to me,” she reminded her. “Because my own ones are in the wash. Because someone…” she nudged Kitty’s knee with her own “…spilled an entire cider down my front.”

Darcy clasped her hands together dramatically. “Ah, yes,” she said. “The cursed jeans.”

Kitty groaned, dropping her head back again. “They are not cursed.”

“You pissed yourself in them last year,” Darcy said, as if reading a charge sheet. “That’s literally the definition of cursed.”

Kitty half-sat up to glare at her. “I did not ‘piss myself in them’,” she said, enunciating every word like it might bite her.

“You literally told me you did,” Darcy protested. “Bathroom, tiny button, tragic timing, Niagara Falls, the works.”

Rosie’s stomach flipped. She could still see that night if she closed her eyes: Kitty in those jeans, hands shaking, tears in the corner of her eyes, denim darkening around her thighs. Sitting here wearing them now, with her own bladder throbbing and the memory pressed up against the present, felt like stepping into an old photograph and finding there was room for one more person.

Kitty huffed, conceding the point. “Fine,” she said. “They are somewhat… temperamental. But they were also expensive and they make my bum look great, so they stay.”

“You know,” Darcy mused, tilting her head as if making a scientific observation, “it’s been, what, two months since one of us had an accident.”

Rosie groaned. “Do not say ‘accident’ while I’m trapped in a moving vehicle. I will sue you.”

Darcy raised both hands in mock surrender. “I’m just saying,” she went on, eyes glittering, “between your bladder, Kitty’s heroic lack of planning, and my entire digestive tract, the statistics are not in favour of a dry term.”

Kitty snorted. “She’s not wrong,” she admitted. “Do you remember that walk home last year?” She turned towards Rosie, eyes bright. “The hedge?”

A little spark went off in Rosie’s chest. “How could I forget?” she said. “I was promoted to hedge bouncer. Very prestigious position.”

“I nearly didn’t make it,” Kitty said, the words coming out half a laugh, half a confession. “Actually, I kind of didn’t. I’d already leaked before I even got my thong down.” She pulled a face, cheeks flushing. “It was not my finest performance.”

Darcy clutched at her heart. “My hero,” she said reverently.

Rosie pressed her heel in a fraction harder, the waistband of the jeans cutting across her lower stomach. The story she already knew - Kitty shaking, Kitty whimpering, Kitty finally letting go - played over the immediate, pressing reality of her own situation. “Honestly,” she muttered, half to herself, “I wish I could do that right now. At least you had a hedge.”

“I did not ‘have a hedge’,” Kitty said. “I had a traumatic night in some stranger’s shrubbery.”

“It’s freezing out there,” Rosie added, talking over her. “Walking would’ve been torture. I’ve basically been desperate since… what time is it?”

Darcy checked her phone. “Too late and not late enough,” she said. “So, what you’re saying is we’ve had a ticking time bomb in the club for hours.”

“Shut up and die,” Rosie said through gritted teeth.

The cab lurched over a pothole, suspension creaking. Rosie’s hand flew to the side of the seat, fingers digging into the cracked vinyl. A hot, alarming pulse pushed against the fragile line of control. She clenched, every muscle below her waist going rigid.

“Nearly there,” Kitty said quickly, spotting the way Rosie’s face had gone a shade paler under the club tan. “Look…cutting up by the park. That’s our street next.”

As if on cue, Darcy’s phone buzzed in her hand, the screen lighting up her face with an unflattering blue glow. Her eyebrows climbed.

“Oh,” she said, in a tone that made both Rosie and Kitty narrow their eyes.

“What?” Kitty demanded, leaning forward so quickly she almost slid off the seat.

Darcy angled the screen just out of reach, grin blooming. “Just my new best friend from the club,” she said airily.

Rosie craned her neck anyway. A preview message glowed there: ‘you still out? I’m heading back to mine if you want to continue our chat…'

Rosie slapped a hand over her mouth. “Oh my God.”

Kitty squealed. “Darcy!”

“Don’t judge me,” Darcy said, though she was clearly thrilled. “He’s cute. And he’s an engineer. Doing a masters. He told me he designs bridges. That’s, like, the respectable end of STEM.”

“He also nearly fell over trying to dip you to that awful remix of ‘Mr Brightside’,” Rosie pointed out.

“Details,” Darcy waved away. “What do I reply?”

“‘New phone, who dis,’” Rosie said at once.

Kitty shook her head. “No. You have to be at least a tiny bit flirty. Put ‘Heading home but…’”

“But willing to re-route?” Darcy suggested, fingers already dancing over the screen. “Too much?”

“Yes,” Rosie and Kitty said in unison.

“Perfect,” Darcy declared, typing anyway. “Heading home but I can be persuaded to change my plans…”

Rosie groaned, half from second-hand embarrassment, half because the cab slowed at a junction and the pause made her bladder scream. “If you get murdered, I am not explaining to your mum that you died for an engineer.”

“You absolutely are,” Darcy said, hitting send with a flourish. “I want you to tell the detectives I died as I lived: impulsive and poorly supervised.”

The taxi turned onto their road. Rosie’s breath came shorter now, shallow and fast. The sight of their house at the far end—the bay window, the chipped brickwork, the overflowing recycling box—was both a relief and a new kind of torment. So close. Too close.

The driver called out the fare. Kitty scrambled in her bag for notes, fingers clumsy. Rosie focused on the simple act of not immediately wetting herself in someone else’s car. Small goals.

The moment she swung the door open, the night air hit her. It was colder out here than she’d realised, the kind of damp November chill that crawled in under your clothes. The sudden change in temperature made every nerve in her abdomen jolt.

She sucked in a breath. The house seemed to recede a few feet further away.

“Come on,” Kitty said cheerfully, linking her arm through Rosie’s. “Nearly there.”

Rosie’s legs didn’t feel quite attached to her body. Each step was deliberate, a negotiation between dignity and disaster. The earlier warmth between her legs had cooled to a clingy, uncomfortable dampness, making her hyper-aware of every movement. The growing pressure inside her made her stomach feel tight, skin stretched a fraction too far.

By the time they reached the front path, she was hunched slightly forward, one knee knocking against the other. Her free hand had migrated to the front of her jeans, pressing down, as if she could physically hold everything in place.

“Oh my God, hurry,” she hissed as Kitty started rummaging for the keys again. “I’m actually going to wet myself.”

“Don’t say that,” Darcy said, voice full of wicked delight. “You’ll jinx it.”

“I have already jinxed it,” Rosie whispered, bouncing from foot to foot. The movement made tiny shocks run up through her spine. “I’ve gone past jinx. I’m in… whatever the level above jinx is.”

“Hell,” Darcy supplied, propping herself against the wall to watch.

Kitty finally located the keyring and jammed it towards the lock. Her fingers, pink from the cold and clumsy from the alcohol, skated off the metal the first time. The key scraped uselessly at the paint.

“Are you serious,” Rosie groaned, voice cracking. “Please, Kitty, please, I am begging you, this is not the time for a fine motor skills challenge.”

“I’m trying,” Kitty muttered, tongue poking slightly out of the corner of her mouth as she concentrated. The key bumped the edge of the lock, missing again. “Stupid old door…”

Darcy folded her arms, settling in as if watching a show. “You know,” she said conversationally, “I have so much more sympathy for my own little… episode now. The key never works when you’re desperate. It’s like a cruel law of physics.”

“Do not talk about your poo right now,” Rosie gasped. “I will actually die, and then you’ll have two disasters on your conscience.”

“Nearly got it,” Kitty said, breath puffing out in little white clouds. Her hand shook slightly as she tried again. The metal made an awful, skittering noise against the plate.

Rosie bent double, a small, helpless whimper escaping before she could swallow it. Her whole world had narrowed to the throbbing ache low in her abdomen and the stubborn, stupid rectangle of wood in front of her.

“I can’t hold it,” she whispered, eyes screwed shut. “I actually can’t—”

Her body decided it had heard enough.

The first leak punched through with vicious speed, a hot, traitorous spurt that flooded into her already-damp underwear before her brain had even finished the sentence. She straightened in shock, sucking in a breath as warmth spread sharply against her.

No, no, no.

She clamped down reflexively, muscles straining, but the moment of resistance had passed. The thin barrier of fabric, already compromised from earlier, offered no real protection. Relief crashed into her like a wave she couldn’t swim against.

The second surge came, stronger, unstoppable. Heat burst outwards, seeping through the front of Kitty’s jeans in a rapidly growing bloom. The midnight denim darkened almost instantly, a black, irregular patch spreading from the crotch, outlines blurred. It crept downwards, following the natural lines of her body, gravity tugging the wetness along the inside of her thighs. She could feel it moving, a sickeningly pleasant, horrible sensation, soaking into cotton, into socks, into the insides of her shoes.

A choked sound tore out of her - half sob, half disbelieving, strangled laugh - as the hiss of it reached her ears, audible even over the faint traffic at the end of the street. Droplets pattered onto the paving stones beneath her, catching the orange streetlamp glow as they fell.

The stain continued to grow, wrapping around towards the back of her knees, dark fingers reaching. The wet denim clung, heavy and unforgiving, drawing chill air to it as the initial heat began to ebb.

Kitty got the door open just in time to turn and see the end of it. She froze in the doorway, one hand still on the handle, eyes wide. Darcy’s mouth dropped open, then snapped shut again as she visibly swallowed a delighted noise.

For the span of a few heartbeats, no one said anything. The only sound was the last, weakening dribble of Rosie’s accident hitting stone, then stopping. A single drop fell from the cuff of her jeans with a faint, betraying splash.

Darcy cleared her throat, composure settling over her like a coat she was trying not to laugh in. “So,” she said. “The toilet is, you know, just up the stairs, if you’d like a guided tour.”

“Shut up,” Rosie croaked. Her face felt like it was on fire. She didn’t even know what to do with her legs - there was no point crossing them now; the damage was spectacularly done. The fabric clung coldly to her skin, every tiny movement squelching faintly in her shoes.

Kitty winced, sympathy written all over her features. “Oh, Rosie,” she said softly. “Did you… have a little accident?”

Rosie shot her a look sharp enough to cut glass. “If you ever call this ‘a little accident’ again,” she said, voice wobbling, “I will smother you in your sleep with those cursed jeans.”

Kitty lifted both hands in surrender. “Okay, okay. Big accident. Catastrophic accident. Blockbuster accident. Happy?”

“No,” Rosie said, and to her horror a laugh broke through the last word.

Darcy lost the battle with her own amusement; a giggle escaped. “I mean,” she said, surveying the damage with an almost academic interest, “in fairness to the jeans, you did push them to their limit. Maybe they’re not cursed. Maybe they’re just… traumatised.”

“Stop talking about my trousers,” Rosie said weakly.

Kitty glanced down at the spreading puddle on the mat and then back up at her. “Honestly?” she said. “At this point I’m starting to think they are cursed. I might have to have some kind of ceremony.”

Despite everything, a hysterical bubble of laughter rose in Rosie’s chest. The absurdity of it all—the cursed jeans, the fact that she’d smugly thought everyone else had had their disasters for the term, the way she’d spent weeks quietly replaying other people’s accidents in her head and now here she was standing in her own—crashed over her like a wave.

“I can’t believe…” she started, then looked down at herself: the way the dark patches were already starting to dry at the edges in uneven, tide-mark shapes. A thin trickle was still working its way out of the cuff of one leg, making a small, apologetic puddle on the doormat. “Actually, no. I can believe. We’re disasters.”

“Welcome to the club,” Darcy said lightly. “Membership comes with free humiliation and occasional snacks.”

The porch light flickered, buzzing faintly. Down the street, a group of students shouted something at each other, their voices echoing off the terraced houses, but no one turned the corner. Here, in their own little rectangle of light and stone and embarrassment, the three of them stood on the threshold, half outside, half in.

Darcy’s phone buzzed again, vibrating in her hand.

She glanced down and her eyebrows shot up. “Well,” she said. “Mr Engineer has sent an address.”

“Absolutely not,” Kitty said immediately. “It’s nearly three in the morning.”

Rosie shifted her weight, the wet denim squelching against her skin. “You are not going to a stranger’s flat alone when you can barely walk in a straight line,” she added. “I forbid it on moral, legal, and aesthetic grounds.”

Darcy looked between them, lips twitching. “You two sound exactly like my mum and my therapist,” she said. “It’s very upsetting.”

“Then maybe you should listen to us,” Kitty said.

Darcy’s gaze slipped back to the glowing screen, temptation written all over her face. “He lives literally round the corner,” she argued. “Five minutes away. I’ll share my location. If he’s weird, I leave. I am a responsible disaster.”

“He doesn’t even have a name,” Rosie pointed out.

“He definitely told me his name,” Darcy said primly. “I just… didn’t prioritise that part of the conversation.”

“Darce—” Kitty began, warning in her tone.

“I’ll be fine,” Darcy said, already taking a couple of steps backwards onto the pavement. “Promise. You two need to deal with…” She gestured vaguely at Rosie’s legs. “That. Text me if you want rescuing in the morning. I’ll bring hash browns.”

Before either of them could physically haul her back inside, she winked, turned, and headed off down the road, the light of her phone bobbing as she checked the address.

The front door gaped open behind Kitty, the house yawning dark and familiar. For a second, neither of them moved. The adrenaline that had kept Rosie upright began to ebb, leaving behind a horrible, hollow tiredness and the cling of cold, wet fabric.

Kitty glanced sideways at her, features softening. “You okay?” she asked quietly.

Rosie swallowed, throat tight. Shame prickled across her skin like static, but under it something else flickered: a strange, small relief at not being the only one anymore, at the fact that the world hadn’t ended. “Not my best moment,” she said. “But… I’m not dead. So, you know. Silver linings.”

Kitty’s mouth curved. “Do you want a tea?”

“Honestly?” Rosie sighed. “I want to get out of these and have a shower before my legs freeze solid. I feel like I’m wearing a portable paddling pool.”

Kitty made a face of exaggerated horror. “Okay, yeah, that’s fair.”

She hesitated, then nodded towards the stairs. “I’ll come up with you,” she said. “Make sure you don’t slip and crack your head open. Extremely unsexy way to die.”

“You don’t have to—”

“I know,” Kitty cut in gently. “I want to.”

There was no way to argue with that that didn’t sound like pushing her away. Rosie nodded once. “Okay,” she said.

They stepped inside. Rosie toed off her shoes on the mat; they made a faint, damp thud as they hit the floor, leaving little wet outlines. As she walked down the hallway, she could feel the jeans peeling slightly away from her skin with each step, the fabric heavy and clammy. She winced, resisting the urge to tug them down there and then.

On the first-floor landing, she stopped outside the bathroom door, one hand braced on the frame. Kitty hovered just behind her, close enough that Rosie could feel the warmth radiating off her, a stark contrast to the chill clinging to her legs.

“You know,” Kitty said, a wry smile tugging at one corner of her mouth, “this is the first time I’ve actually seen you wet yourself. It’s usually the other way around.”

Rosie let out a breath that was almost a laugh. “Yeah, well,” she said. “I had to balance the spreadsheet eventually.”

Her gaze dropped to the patch of floorboards directly in front of the bathroom. The wood was worn smooth there, a little pale from years of feet and damp and bleach. She knew exactly where she’d been standing the last time everything had felt this taut between them.

“And the last time I was here,” she said slowly, “I was standing… right about there.” She nudged the spot with her toe. “After the…”

The word lodged in her throat. For two months they’d circled around it like it was a live wire, never quite touching. Saying it out loud felt suddenly, absurdly dangerous.

“…after the kiss,” she finished finally.

The word dropped into the silence between them like a stone into still water, sending ripples out that she could almost feel.

Kitty’s smile faded. For a moment her expression was unguarded, something raw and uncertain flickering across it before she smoothed it away. “Right,” she said, voice softer. “That.”

Rosie’s heart thudded uncomfortably hard. “We haven’t… really talked about it,” she said, because naming the obvious felt easier than naming anything else.

“No,” Kitty agreed quietly. Her fingers found the hem of her top and twisted it, the fabric bunching between them. “We haven’t.”

The house seemed to hold its breath. Downstairs, the faint tick of the kitchen clock and the distant hum of the fridge carried up through the floorboards. Up here, in the narrow slice of light from the bathroom, it was just the two of them and all the unsaid things stacked up like boxes around them.

“I thought you regretted it,” Rosie blurted, then immediately wished she could stuff the words back into her mouth. “Sorry, that’s… I shouldn’t have just—”

Kitty shook her head so quickly a strand of hair came loose from behind her ear. “I didn’t,” she said, the words tangling as they rushed out. “Regret it, I mean. I didn’t. I was just… terrified. And ridiculously hungover. And then it was summer and everything went strange and far away, and it was easier to pretend it hadn’t happened than to…” She broke off, teeth catching her bottom lip.

“Did you?”

“Regret it?” Rosie echoed.

Kitty nodded, eyes wide in the low light.

Rosie let out a breath she hadn’t realised she’d been holding. “No,” she said, and once she started, the honesty didn’t seem to want to stop. “I think I’ve replayed it in my head about five hundred times. Minimum. So… no. Definitely not.”

Something in Kitty’s shoulders loosened. She let out a little noise that started as a laugh and ended as something closer to a sigh. “Okay,” she said. “Good. That’s… good.”

They stood there, a metre apart and yet feeling closer than they had all term, the air between them buzzing with old tension and new understanding.

“I still don’t really know what I’m doing,” Rosie admitted, her voice dropping. “With any of this. With you. With… how I feel.”

“Same,” Kitty said at once. Her hand lifted as if of its own accord, hovering for a second like she wasn’t sure where to land it. Then she reached out and gently brushed a loose strand of hair back from Rosie’s face, tucking it behind her ear. Her fingers lingered for a heartbeat longer than necessary, skimming the curve where jaw met neck.

Rosie’s breath hitched. She looked up.

Kitty’s eyes were right there, dark and clear and unshielded. In that moment, Rosie could see every version of Kitty at once: the girl giggling over cereal, the one doubled over in the bathroom with wet jeans around her knees, the one pressing Rosie against a mattress in June with alcohol on her breath and softness in her mouth.

“Can I…” Kitty began, then faltered, a tiny wry smile playing at her lips. “Is it okay if I…?”

Rosie didn’t wait for her to finish.

She stepped forward, closing the last bit of distance, and kissed her.

It wasn’t careful this time. It wasn’t an experiment, or an accident, or a moment they could later blame on dizziness and proximity. It landed with the inevitability of something that had been happening in slow motion for months, finally catching up with itself. Their mouths met hard enough that their teeth bumped, both of them making a small, startled noise that turned into a breathless laugh against each other.

Kitty’s hand slid instinctively to the back of Rosie’s neck, fingers curling in the damp hair there, pulling her closer. Rosie’s hands found the front of Kitty’s top, bunching the fabric in her fists like she needed the anchor. The hallway seemed to tilt around them, walls and doors and stairs falling away until there was just warmth and the faint scratch of Kitty’s lip against hers and the rhythm of their breaths.

One of Rosie’s wet jeans legs brushed against Kitty’s bare ankle and they both jumped slightly, a cold shock amid all the heat. Then they were laughing again, mouths still pressed together, and somehow that made it feel even more like theirs.

When they finally broke apart, they stayed close, foreheads resting together, noses almost touching. Both of them were breathing harder than the short distance between the bathroom door and the top of the stairs really warranted.

“Well,” Kitty said after a second, a tiny, dizzy smile tugging at her mouth. “That feels like the opposite of pretending it never happened.”

“Yeah,” Rosie said, blinking as if to refocus the hallway around them. “Bit hard to ignore now.”

They stood like that for a moment longer, hands still tangled in each other’s clothes, the future stretched out in front of them like the dark landing - unlit, full of unknowns, but at least finally acknowledged.

“Shower,” Rosie said eventually, the word sounding dazed even to her own ears. “I should probably have one before I… set.”

Kitty huffed out a little laugh. “Yeah, okay. Before the jeans actually fuse to your legs.” She drew a small circle with her thumb on Rosie’s shoulder, a grounding, affectionate gesture. “We should… talk. Properly. About everything. When we’re not drunk and you’re not…” she gestured vaguely downwards, “wearing a tragic metaphor.”

“Yeah,” Rosie said again. “Soon.”

“Soon,” Kitty echoed.

Reluctantly, they uncurled their fingers from each other’s clothes. Rosie stepped backwards into the bathroom, the strip light flickering on overhead when she hit the switch. The room looked exactly as it always did: slightly damp ceiling, cracked tile by the toilet, the lingering scent of someone’s strawberry shampoo.

Kitty lingered in the doorway for a second, one hand resting lightly against the frame. “I’ll be right here,” she said, tapping the wood with her knuckles. “If you need me. Or if you fall over and die and I have to heroically rescue you naked.”

“Please don’t say ‘heroically rescue you naked’ to me right now,” Rosie said weakly. “I’m very emotionally fragile.”

Kitty smiled. “Okay. Just… shout if you need anything.”

Rosie nodded, her throat too tight to risk words. She closed the door gently between them and leaned her back against it for a moment, heartbeat still racing.

On the other side, she heard Kitty’s footsteps retreat down the hall, then pause halfway, as if she’d turned back to check something and then changed her mind.

Rosie pushed herself upright and looked down at the ruined jeans one more time, at the dark, irregular patches starting to dry at the edges, and felt all the threads of the night—shame, relief, panic, laughter, longing—snag together inside her into something complicated and new.

Out in the city somewhere, Darcy’s phone would be lighting up again, her night taking its own chaotic shape. Tomorrow would bring hangovers and stories and explanations, and the three of them would have to figure out what to do with everything they now knew.

For now, the house was quiet around her, full of secrets that weren’t quite secrets anymore, and the taste of Kitty still warm on her lips.

