The Journal

Author: BarneyOMO

*000*2025-04-26 17:01

Ch1

Rosie slid another inch further down her chair, the cheap plastic groaning in protest. She squeezed her eyes shut, willing the ache in her body to die down, to just … fade. It was no use. Every passing minute ratcheted up the pressure, making it harder and harder to focus on the swirling, abstract arguments presented on her laptop screen. Her philosophy paper, a seemingly insurmountable wall of text, mocked her from its digital perch. The gnawing need inside of her was burning, bursting, taking on a mind of its own. It pulsed through her limbs, a distracting, insistent drumbeat. She couldn't remember the last time she had felt this way, a slave to her most basic bodily urges – if indeed there had been a last time. This throbbing desire, a primal scream compared to the quiet hum of academic thought, could not be ignored any longer. Rosie groaned, a low, guttural sound lost in the quiet hum of her student house. She was going to have to do the unthinkable.

—————— Three hours earlier… —————-

“Just do it at the weekend,” said Darcy, her voice already a little slurred, as she poured a generous measure of neon-pink gin – enough to make a seasoned socialite raise a surprised eyebrow – into her chipped, unwashed glass. A few rogue bubbles clung stubbornly to the inside. “You’ve got weeks ‘til the deadline. Skipping tonight won’t do any harm.”

From the other end of the small, cluttered kitchen table, Kitty nodded in agreement. “I haven’t even started mine, and it’s due next Friday.” Kitty was a tall, slender young woman with a cascade of chestnut hair that reached almost to her waist. She wouldn’t be caught dead within a mile of the university library unless she had a project due within the next two hours, preferably less. Tonight, she was primed for a potent combination of sugary cocktails and thumping bass.

But Rosie – for now, at least – was standing her ground. “I’m not like you two,” she insisted, pushing a stray strand of brown hair behind her ear. "If I don't do it tonight, I’ll end up leaving it last minute and get shit marks.” The ‘it’ in question was her first real philosophy paper of the year, a daunting analysis of existentialism that felt more like an existential crisis. It also happened to be her first piece of final year work that would actually count towards her grade, a fact that fuelled her anxiety. 

She’d barely made any progress all day, staring blankly at her notes and battling an almost crippling urge to procrastinate. She’d snuck into the kitchen to see the girls before they headed out for one of the city centre’s many student club nights, a ritual that usually involved copious amounts of cheap alcohol and questionable dancing. Both were trying to persuade their flatmate to join them, and the debate had been raging, on and off, all day. They were dangerously close to breaking her resolve. The pull of the dance floor, the promise of forgetting her worries, was almost unbearable.

It was already fully dark outside, the streetlights casting a sickly orange glow. When she glanced at the kitchen window, Rosie could see her own reflection staring back. She had brown hair a bit like Kitty’s, a similar shade but with a much shorter, choppier cut that barely reached her shoulders. That, however, was where the physical similarities between the two women ended. Rosie was a good foot shorter, a little curvier, with a bit more meat on her bones, as her grandmother would say. She wore comfortable, borderline frumpy, clothes, a stark contrast to Kitty's carefully chosen clubbing outfit.

“You said yourself that you didn’t get much done all day anyway,” Darcy pointed out, swirling the pink liquid in her glass. “Might as well come and have fun tonight and then start fresh in the morning. Think of it as a mental reset.”

Before Rosie could formulate a counter-argument, their washer-dryer beeped its tinny little tune, announcing that Kitty’s laundry was ready. One of the benefits of living together in a small terraced house, a step up from their cramped student halls, was having their own machine in the kitchen, rather than a communal one, a place notoriously plagued by missing socks and mysterious stains. Kitty hopped down from her chair, her long legs unfolding like a dancer’s, and took her laundry basket from the counter to fill it up with her freshly cleaned clothes. 

With practiced ease, she picked out a slinky black top, casually pulled off the t-shirt she was wearing, and slipped into the new garment so she could wear it to the club. For some reason, Rosie’s eyes were drawn to the way Kitty’s breasts bounced, unrestrained and carefree, as she stripped off; her tall housemate was not one for wearing bras. Then Kitty was redressed, the black top clinging to her skin, and Rosie shook some sense back into herself, feeling a blush creep up her neck.

“We’re probably leaving after we finish these drinks,” said Darcy, who was thankfully oblivious to the way Rosie had been staring, too focused on her gin-infused agenda. “Are you coming or not?”

Rosie sighed, tempted … the lure of oblivion, of temporary escape, was strong. But she grit her teeth, focusing on the dull ache in her temples and the looming deadline. She shook her head, the movement decisive. “Sorry, girls, no,” she said, heading to the freezer to pick out something easy for dinner, probably ready meal pasta. "You'll have to make do without me tonight." The freezer door swung shut with a dull thud, sealing her fate. The philosophy paper, and the throbbing need that was about to overwhelm her, awaited.

———————————————

Two hours after Kitty and Darcy had vanished into the Friday night revelry, Rosie was still wrestling with her philosophy essay, a task that felt less like academic pursuit and more like a slow, agonising form of mental torture. The Word document on her laptop screen mocked her with its sparse content. She’d spent most of the afternoon lost in the labyrinthine world of academic journals, battling the siren song of the online thesaurus, desperately trying to bloat her sentences into something resembling profundity. The first, and perhaps most valuable, lesson university had hammered into her was that 800 words was a deceptively large number. Eighty percent of the word court, she knew, was the golden ratio – the minimum she could submit without arousing suspicion. Right now, she was barely halfway there.

But the word count wasn't the only problem. A more primal distraction had been clawing at her attention, a persistent, unwelcome guest that had steadily increased in intensity. Her thoughts kept veering away from Kant and the categorical imperative, replaced by a nagging awareness of her own body. More than once, she'd shifted in her chair, a subtle readjustment that did little to alleviate the growing warmth pooling between her thighs. Was it the fleeting glimpse of Kitty’s exposed breast earlier, a casual moment during their pre-going-out chaos, that had planted the seed? It wasn't unusual for the girls to change in front of each other. Regardless, a week of neglecting her own needs, of prioritising deadlines and socialising over self-pleasure, was catching up with her – and, naturally, at the most inconvenient time.

Just as she'd resisted the lure of the pub earlier, forcing herself to prioritise her responsibilities, Rosie tried to quell the rising tide of arousal. She leaned closer to her desk, her forehead creasing in concentration as she typed what was, in all likelihood, absolute drivel. The feeling intensified, morphing from a vague warmth into a throbbing, undeniable desire. An hour ticked by, the digital clock in the corner of her screen a relentless measure of her struggle. Her word count inched upward – 500, then 600 … 650 … finally, she could no longer ignore the insistent demands of her body.

Rosie slammed her finger down on the ‘save’ icon, a small act of self-preservation. She'd tell herself she'd polish it tomorrow. Right now, she had a much more urgent kind of finishing to attend to.

She pushed her chair back with a sigh, the small movement a victory in itself. The relief of releasing the mental grip of the essay was palpable. Rosie had maintained a strict rule since moving into the cramped dorm room: the desk was sacred ground, dedicated to activities her parents would deem acceptable, even admirable. The bed, however, was a different story – a domain for things her parents would prefer to pretend didn't exist. She unplugged her laptop from the charging cable, the tangling wire a brief moment of frustration, and carried it across the room. The distance was only a few steps, but it felt like traversing a chasm. She collapsed onto the bed, propping herself up against the pillows she'd brought from home, their familiar softness a small comfort.

Rosie had rarely felt such a wave of freedom as when she clicked those three magic words: ‘New incognito window’.

She had never been one for the spectacle of pornography, at least not in the traditional sense. The power of the written word, the unfolding narrative, had always held a far greater allure. Her usual search terms, carefully chosen and whispered into the digital void, quickly led her to a few fan-fictions she'd somehow missed before. On the third attempt, she found a story that snagged her attention, not just for its premise, but for the quality of the prose. Not just well-written, she realised, as she devoured the first few paragraphs: this was hot. 

She was so engrossed in the author's skilful weaving of words that she barely registered when her right hand slipped beneath the elastic waistband of her flowery pyjama bottoms. It was almost instinct now, a reflex honed by repetition. The familiar circular motion was as soothing as a warm bath, as comforting as the weight of a well-worn blanket. As her fingers sank into a surprising amount of wetness, Rosie could feel the accumulated stress and tension of the day dissolving, washing away into a blissful nothingness.

After just ten minutes, her fingers moved with increasing speed and urgency, a frantic dance that signalled she was nearing the precipice. A soft moan escaped her lips, her body arching instinctively as waves of sensation pulsed through her core. Unable to resist the building pressure, she reached up and cupped her breasts, savouring their weight and fullness in her hands. Her nipples hardened instantly under her touch, sensitive and aching for attention. In recent months, since receiving some drunken, unsolicited advice from Darcy, teasing her breasts had become a crucial component of her solitary pleasure, almost as essential as her fingers on her clit. She lost herself in the moment, surrendering to the mounting pleasure that threatened to overwhelm her.

Just as she felt herself poised on the edge of orgasm, Rosie stopped. She caught her breath and opened her eyes, staring blankly at the faded floral pattern of her duvet cover. Had she really waited all week, depriving herself of this simple pleasure, only to rush through it in a mere ten minutes? Surely she deserved better than that. So, she bit her lip, a small act of defiance, and waited for the desperate urgency to subside, allowing the throbbing ache to linger. She wanted to savour the edge, to prolong the exquisite agony.

Rosie's fingers danced with practiced ease, tracing the familiar landscape of her own body. Every curve, every dip of her labia responded with a delicious tingle. She was lost in the moment, her breath catching in her throat, when a muffled crash echoed from somewhere outside her room.

The sound jolted her back to reality like a splash of cold water. Her hand froze mid-stroke, the intense pleasure abruptly cut short. She strained to listen, her eyebrows creased in a frown. What the hell was that? A stray cat knocking over a bin outside? A drunk stumbling home? She held her breath, but the silence that followed was punctuated only by the frantic thumping of her own heart.

On any other day, the responsible part of her would have compelled her to investigate. To make sure everything was alright. But the temptation pulling her back inward, the undeniable ache of her own body, was too strong to ignore. With a sigh, she resumed her rhythmic movements, pushing away any thoughts of the outside world. It was a simple decision, a selfish one perhaps, but her own pleasure was calling. Soon, she was back on the brink, the waves of sensation building, washing over her.

Just as she was spiralling towards the edge, another, louder crash reverberated through the house. This time it came from a different part of the house. Rosie let out an exasperated sigh, the spell broken once more. All she wanted was to lose herself in the blissful oblivion of her own body. Hadn't she earned that much? After spending all evening hunched over textbooks, pushing her brain to its limit, wasn't she entitled to a little personal time?

But this time, curiosity, tinged with a hint of concern, won out. She closed her laptop with a decisive snap and reluctantly swung her legs over the side of the bed. It was probably nothing, she told herself, but she couldn't shake the nagging feeling that something was amiss.

Quietly, Rosie slipped out of her room and into the empty hallway. The cool air raised goosebumps on her skin, a welcome distraction from the lingering heat below. As she walked, her hand drifted down her pyjama bottoms, fingers absently tracing the familiar contours there. The soft, insistent pressure brought a surge of pleasure, a small comfort in the face of the interrupted moment.

She passed the two pairs of shoes abandoned near the front door, evidence of her roommates' earlier departure. Heels tossed haphazardly next to scuffed trainers. It wasn't even midnight yet; she hadn't expected them back for another couple of hours. That at least explained the crashing sounds. "I'd better go and check to make sure one of them didn't fall over and hurt themselves," she muttered to herself, even as her body screamed for her to turn back, to dive back under the covers, maybe even finally get out that vibrator she'd bought on a whim from Anne Summers the other week, and hadn't had the chance to properly test out.

There was a sliver of light escaping from beneath the bathroom door, and it was there that Rosie pinpointed the source of the commotion. She hesitated for a moment, then gently pushed the door open a crack, peering inside.

A tall brunette was sprawled on the cold bathroom tiles, her face contorted in a grimace. She was wrestling with the button of her jeans, a losing battle if the strain evident on her face was anything to go by. Rosie's mouth fell open in surprise as she noticed the dark, wet patch the size of an orange blooming on her friend's crotch.

Kitty was pissing her pants.

Rosie must have gasped, because Kitty's head snapped up, her eyes widening in alarm as she registered Rosie standing in the doorway. She almost jumped out of her skin.

"Fuck – I can't get my fucking jeans off. Can you give me a hand?" Kitty pleaded, her voice thick with desperation.

And yet, Rosie remained rooted to the spot. She was frozen in place, her mind struggling to process the scene unfolding before her. It was around that moment that she became acutely aware of the fact that her hand was still slipped down her pyjama bottoms, her fingers loosely cupping her clit. The lingering arousal felt suddenly inappropriate, almost shameful.

Just as she was urging herself to do something, to help her friend in dire need, Rosie realised it was too late. Kitty groaned again – “Fuck!” she wailed, a long, drawn-out cry of despair and resignation – and the dam burst with a horrifying suddenness. Right before Rosie's eyes, the wet patch doubled in size, then tripled. A puddle began to form on the floor, spreading across the tiles, the faintest hint of yellow tinting the liquid.

Rosie didn't know how to react. She had never witnessed a grown adult lose control of their bladder before. And yet, perhaps because it was Kitty, because of the sheer, unadulterated mess of the situation, she couldn't tear her gaze away from the unfolding disaster.

It was mesmerising.

Without meaning to, without even thinking, Rosie curled her middle finger upwards. It was the best and worst mistake of her life.

The explosion that she had kept on the edge of erupting for so long could be held back no more. Weeks of pent-up tension, fuelled by late-night fan fiction binges and the subtle hum of frustrated desire, had reached their breaking point. It was intense enough to make her whole body tremble, a seismic shift from the tips of her toes to the roots of her hair. Her knees almost buckled beneath the weight of it, her senses overwhelmed by waves of rocking pleasure. There was nothing soft or subtle about the moan that escaped her lips, a sound that betrayed the depth of her arousal. Her face flushed with a rosy hue, her skin tingling as if kissed by a thousand tiny sparks.

Through the haze of sudden bliss, Rosie could see Kitty watching in horror, legs pressed tightly together, but still, a fierce stream of urine was escaping, darkening her new jeans. Rosie wanted more than anything to stop cumming in front of her friend, to rewind the last few minutes and erase the mortifying tableau. But now the genie was out of the bottle. All Rosie could do was take her trembling hand out of her underwear and use it to steady herself on the doorframe. Her orgasm was still pulsating, throbbing with relentless intensity, and she had no choice but to ride the waves until they finally subsided. She squeezed her eyes shut, willing it to end, each pulse a fresh wave of shame washing over her.

Rosie was shocked back into reality when she felt something warm and undeniably unpleasant on her toes. She looked down. Kitty’s piss had spread across the pristine white tiles of the bathroom floor, a glistening, yellow puddle that lapped at Rosie’s bare feet. Rosie, too, felt wetness on her thighs, albeit for a very different reason. The air was thick, heavy with the scent of mingled arousal and … well, the distinct aroma of urine. She forced herself to look back up and meet Kitty’s gaze. Her friend’s face was deep red with embarrassment, her eyes wide and glistening with unshed tears … and something else – was that anger simmering beneath the surface?

Kitty broke the silence and broke the spell. “Can you get the fuck out, please?” she snapped, her voice trembling with a mixture of humiliation and frustration. “I need to clean the floor.” The sharpness of her tone was like a slap in the face.

Wordlessly, Rosie backed away from the scene, a picture of bewildered shame. She shut the door behind her with a soft click, the sound echoing in the sudden silence. For some reason she did not retreat to her room, the thought of being alone with her thoughts too unbearable. She shuffled shamefully to the kitchen, the cool tiles a welcome contrast to her flushed skin. She sank onto the sofa in the dark, pulling her knees to her chest, still trying to absorb the shock of what she had seen - not to mention what she had just done in front of one of her best friends. There was no sign of Darcy, no friendly face to offer comfort. She must have already gone to bed, oblivious to the chaotic scene that had unfolded downstairs.

It could have been a few minutes or half an hour that Rosie sat there, curled in on herself, staring at the dim floor, tracing the patterns in the rug with her eyes. Then the kitchen door swung open and Kitty walked in. She looked small and vulnerable.

“I’m sorry I snapped at you,” she said, her voice softer now, laced with remorse.

Rosie looked up, surprised. Why was Kitty the one apologising? She was the one who had… well, Rosie still couldn't quite process it. Kitty had changed into her own pyjamas, a fluffy pink set that looked incongruous with the raw humiliation on her face, and was carrying her wet jeans and underwear in her arms like they were contaminated waste.

“No, it’s fine,” said Rosie, awash with relief that the other woman wasn’t still angry. "I'm sorry I did … what I did. I really, really didn't mean to." She cringed inwardly at how inadequate the words sounded.

When Kitty had bunged her soaked clothes into the laundry machine, the rhythmic whirring filling the awkward silence, she came and took the seat opposite Rosie, leaving a small space between them as if afraid to touch.

“You didn’t?”

“No!” said Rosie, the denial forceful and immediate. “Absolutely not. I was … you know, playing with myself anyway, back in my room. And I didn’t realise you were home. I must’ve heard you fall over. I only knew you were back when I saw you in the bathroom.” She avoided Kitty's eyes, focusing on a loose thread on the sofa cushion.

"Oh, okay," sighed Kitty; now it was her turn to look relieved, the tension visibly draining from her shoulders. "And about what you saw in there …”

“Honestly, don’t worry about it,” Rosie promised, desperate to reassure her. “I know you would never … piss yourself normally - it’s those new jeans.” She managed a weak smile.

“Yeah,” Kitty nodded, grabbing onto the excuse like a lifeline. “I couldn’t work the buttons out. Listen, can we just forget that ever happened? Like, completely erase it from our memories?”

“Yes. Please. Darcy doesn’t ever need to find out.” The thought of Darcy's reaction was enough to send a fresh wave of mortification through Rosie.

With their secret, a bizarre and humiliating pact, seemingly safe, both women left to try and get some sleep. The unspoken agreement hung heavy in the air.

On her way back to her room, Rosie stopped in the bathroom, the scene of the crime. A faint scent of disinfectant hung in the air, a testament to Kitty's frantic cleaning. She realised, with a sudden urgency, that she hadn’t needed to pee before ... but she definitely did now. For a while she sat in blissful silence, listening to the stream hiss into the bowl, a small act of rebellion against the day's chaos. The room still smelt faintly of urine, a lingering reminder of the afternoon's events, but she doubted that Darcy would be able to figure out what had happened, especially after Kitty’s deep clean.

When she was finished, Rosie wiped the surface with a few squares of paper to try and regain some semblance of cleanliness, but left the inside damp, a subtle acknowledgement of the lingering arousal. She still had a fan-fiction to read, a particularly steamy one about a time-travelling doctor and his sassy companion, and she quite liked the idea of a private, solo orgasm, without an audience, before she finally drifted off to sleep. The image of Kitty's horrified face, however, lingered in her mind, a persistent shadow cast over her burgeoning pleasure.

*003*2025-05-04 15:31

Ch 2

The digital clock on Rosie’s desk glowed 02:47. Outside, the typical late-night hum of a student town was muted by the thin terraced house walls, a distant siren wailing somewhere near the ring road. Rosie pulled her wool cardigan tighter around her shoulders, the chill seeping in despite the radiator valiantly churning out heat. She picked up her worn, floral-patterned journal, its pages dog-eared and slightly coffee-stained. Sleep felt impossibly far away tonight.

Something had unlocked a memory earlier in the evening – a combination of the the gripping fan-fiction that had kept her busy for thirty minutes, and Kitty’s accident and the smell of cheap disinfectant in the bathroom. It brought her back to one specific night, way back in first year. A night she hadn't written about in detail, just a few fragmented lines scrawled in a hurry, words that felt incomplete without the full sensory recall.

Flicking through the pages, she found the entry, dated sometime in late October.

‘Vodka, sweat, sticky floor. Music too loud. Laughter in Darcy’s room. Deep questions. Wet Sheets. Oh god. K & D. Knew then.’

Rosie traced the messy ink with her finger. ‘K & D. Knew then.’ The cryptic note brought a small, soft smile to her lips. It wasn’t the most glamorous memory, certainly not one you’d share in polite company, but it was hers. Theirs. It was the moment the tentative threads of friendship between her, Kitty, and Darcy had woven into something solid, something she knew would last.

She closed her eyes, letting the present fade, allowing the faint scent of old paper and dried ink to pull her back to that chaotic, pivotal night.

———-

The cold air hit Rosie’s face like a slap as they stumbled out of the club. The sticky floor was a distant memory, replaced by the gritty pavement underfoot and the merciful silence after hours of pounding bass. Kitty was practically skipping ahead, a bright pink scarf trailing behind her, while Darcy lagged slightly, humming tunelessly and clutching her handbag like it held the secrets of the universe.

“My feet are killing me,” Rosie groaned, pulling her cheap heels off as they reached the familiar, slightly decaying entrance of their hall of residence. The air inside smelled faintly of disinfectant, stale cooking, and damp washing. Home sweet home.

Darcy giggled, leaning against the wall. “Mine evaporated about two hours ago. I think I walked back on stumps.”

“After-party?” Kitty asked, already bounding towards the stairs. It wasn’t really a question. After a night out, Darcy’s room, being slightly larger and cosier than most, was the default congregation spot.

Minutes later, they were crammed onto Darcy’s bed, floor, and lone armchair. The main lights were off, a string of fairy lights casting a warm, messy glow over piles of clothes, textbooks, and empty snack wrappers. Music played softly from Darcy’s laptop – a stark contrast to the club’s roar, but loud enough to create a comfortable bubble.

“Vodka?” Darcy held up a half-empty bottle of the cheapest stuff their local corner shop supplied.

Rosie and Kitty wordlessly held out their glasses, the gesture practiced and ingrained. The conversation flowed easily, fuelled by the remnants of cheap vodka and the easy intimacy of shared tiredness. The laughter came in waves, sometimes loud and boisterous, fuelled by recollections of questionable dance moves and spilled drinks from the night, sometimes quiet giggles at inside jokes formed over the last few weeks - a particularly unfortunate encounter with a squirrel in the park, a shared obsession with a shockingly bad reality TV show, the time they accidentally set off the fire alarm trying to make toast at 3 AM.

They talked about the ridiculous things from the night - a guy called Mark's attempts at flirting, which involved quoting Shakespeare (badly), the girl who swore she saw a celebrity on campus, the inexplicable abundance of Hawaiian shirts at the student union. Embarrassing moments were confessed and forgiven in equal measure: Kitty admitted to tripping over a rogue backpack and nearly taking out a whole table of drinks, while Rosie confessed to accidentally calling their professor "Dad" whilst hungover during a particularly enthusiastic lecture.

Then, as the alcohol softened the edges of their thoughts and the late hour blurred the lines between reality and dream, they started asking “deep questions.” It started innocently enough.

"Truth or dare?" Kitty asked, a mischievous glint in her eyes.

Rosie groaned playfully. "Seriously? We're doing this at 4 AM?”

Kitty just shrugged, her grin unwavering. "Come on, it'll be fun! I'll go first. Truth or dare, Rosie?”

Rosie hesitated. She knew Kitty’s dares could be … interesting. “Truth."

"Okay," Kitty said, leaning forward conspiratorially. "What's your biggest fear?”

Rosie chewed on her lip, the question surprisingly heavy in the silence. “I guess … not living up to my potential. Wasting my life on something meaningless.”

Kitty nodded slowly, her playful demeanour fading. "That's a big one.”

The game deepened, questions probing and peeling back layers. What dreams lay beyond university walls? Kitty, voice barely a whisper, confessed her secret yearning: to be a writer. Rosie, bolder, admitted her wanderlust, a desire to taste the world beyond their small town's edges.

It was somewhere between debating the existence of parallel universes and confessing their most embarrassing freshers week moments that a strange noise drifted in from the corridor. A muffled thud, followed by a sort of frustrated grunt, and then a brief, frantic shuffling sound, quickly followed by silence.

Rosie paused, glass halfway to her lips. “What was that?”

Kitty tilted her head, listening. “Sounded like … someone dropped something?”

“Or maybe someone’s having a very dramatic wrestling match with a duvet?” Darcy speculated, her eyes wide in the dim light.

"Or a wrestling match with someone ..." Kitty interjected, with a small smile.

Curiosity, spurred by a little bit of tipsy daring, got the better of them. Rosie put her glass down. “Should we … check?”

“Obviously,” Kitty said, already climbing off the bed.

They crept out of Darcy’s room, peering down the dimly lit corridor. The noise had seemed to come from the direction of the communal kitchen and laundry room area at the end of the hall. They padded silently towards it, the floorboards cool under Rosie’s bare feet.

The kitchen was empty, illuminated by a single harsh fluorescent tube. Puddles gleamed on the counter next to the overflowing sink. They moved past it, towards the small alcove housing the washing machine and tumble dryer.

The washing machine was still. The tumble dryer, however, was humming softly, though it didn't seem to be tumbling particularly vigorously. It was the kind of industrial-looking, coin-operated machine typical of student halls.

“Maybe someone just put a late wash on,” Rosie whispered.

Darcy frowned, peering at the dryer door. “But it was that area ... that’s where the noise came from, right?”

Kitty, ever the most direct, reached out and tugged the dryer door handle.

It swung open with a soft click, revealing the drum inside. They peered in, expecting maybe a forgotten jumper or a stray sock someone had failed to reclaim.

It wasn't clothes.

Stuffed haphazardly into the drum were large, white, crumpled shapes. Sheets. And judging by the way they sagged against the drum and the slight sheen on the fabric, they were soaked. Not just damp from a wash cycle, but heavy, cold, and thoroughly wet.

For a second, there was absolute silence, save for the distant rumble of another machine elsewhere in the building. The gentle hum of this dryer, waiting dormant, felt oddly loud.

Then, a small, involuntary sound escaped Kitty – a sharp intake of breath, a soft gasp that wasn’t quite shock, but something close to disbelief.

Rosie’s eyes met Darcy’s over the open dryer door. Darcy’s mouth formed a silent ‘Oh god.’

They stared at the sheets, the sheer, sodden volume of them. It wasn't hard to figure out what must have happened, but the who hung in the air, creating a fresh wave of awkwardness. Someone, clearly having had a very, very big night, hadn't quite made it to the bathroom and, in a desperate, likely still-drunk attempt to cover their tracks, had stripped the sodden evidence. The thud and shuffling they might have heard earlier in the night must have been the struggle to get the heavy, cold mess into the machine.

The sheer, unadulterated embarrassment of it hit them, secondhand, like a physical wave. To have that happen wasn't just inconvenient; it was profoundly, spectacularly mortifying. Especially here, in communal halls, where your most private humiliations felt amplified tenfold by the thin walls and constant proximity to others. Imagine waking up to that, then having to carry the heavy, dripping proof down the corridor, hoping against hope no one saw you, only to fail even at the simple task of starting the machine.

“Who … who do you think it is?” Rosie whispered, her voice laced with a deep, immediate sympathy that set her apart from her friends' initial reactions.

“No clue,” Kitty replied, her gaze fixed on the damp fabric. “Someone from this floor, most likely. Couldn't have carried that mess far.”

Darcy shuddered slightly. “Imagine. Seriously, imagine. Who gets that drunk?”

Rosie’s brow furrowed with concern. “It’s … awful, isn't it? Poor thing. I hope they're okay.” A wave of mixed feelings washed over Rosie – shock, yes, and a flash of awkwardness, but overriding it was that potent pity for the unknown person whose night had clearly ended in such a spectacularly awful way.

“Okay?” Kitty snorted softly, though without malice. “I bet they’re wishing the floor would swallow them whole right now. The walk of shame is one thing, but the post-wetting-sheets-ditch? That's a whole new level of mortification.” She tilted her head, beginning the familiar dormitory game of deduction. “Who do we know who partied that hard last night?”

“What about Annie in room C?” Darcy mused aloud, though quickly dismissed it. “Although I think she's seeing that guy tonight … apparently, she’s trying to be on her best behaviour."

Kitty considered this, tapping a finger on her chin. "Maybe. Or what about that girl in B? ... Erika? The one who always wears headphones? She gives off the vibe that she'd wet the bed after a heavy night ... quiet ones are often the wild ones, you know?"

Darcy narrowed her eyes, a speculative glint appearing. "Or what about Mark in the end room?" she suggested. "I swear he was day drinking when I passed his door. Saw an empty beer can by his bin in the hallway.”

“It could be anyone,” Rosie said, looking around the empty corridor as if the culprit might suddenly materialise, summoned by their speculation. The silence of the morning seemed to amplify the sheer visibility of the discarded evidence. “That’s the worst part, isn’t it? Just … sitting there, thinking everyone who walks past knows.”

Kitty reached out, tentatively poking a corner of one of the sheets with her finger. “They’re freezing,” she stated, a hint of a giggle beginning to creep into her voice, a reaction born of the sheer, undeniable absurdity rather than malice. “Well, whoever it is, they didn’t exactly nail the ‘stealthy cover-up’ phase.”

Darcy covered her mouth with her hand, her eyes sparkling with contained laughter, the kind that threatens to spill over if you let it. “Oh, man,” she choked out softly, then, her gaze flicked nervously down the corridor, as if expecting the embarrassed culprit to appear. "Do we … do we leave them?” The thought of walking away felt wrong, but the thought of doing something felt equally strange and invasive.

Rosie looked from the pathetic, soggy heap in the dryer to her friends’ faces. In the dim light, their expressions mirrored her own – a combination of disbelief, a dawning, helpless amusement, and yes, now, a flicker of sympathy joining Darcy's contained mirth and Kitty's direct observation. This wasn't just a random discovery; it felt like stumbling upon a secret, a deep, private vulnerability laid bare in the most public of semi-private spaces. And they had stumbled upon it together.

"We can't just leave them soaking," Rosie said firmly, her sympathy winning out over the awkwardness. She imagined the person sneaking back, finding their failed cover-up still sitting there, cold and heavy. It felt like adding insult to injury. It wasn't just about the sheets; it felt like a small act of quiet, anonymous kindness towards someone who was undoubtedly having a terrible time. "Should we ... start it?”

Kitty and Darcy immediately nodded, a silent, shared decision passing between them. Their initial reactions might have been slightly different – Kitty's directness, Darcy's nervous amusement, Rosie's immediate pity – but they converged on this small, practical act of clemency.

Rosie fumbled for the coin slot, finding a stray pound coin from the vending machine mission still warm in her pocket. She inserted it, the faint click echoing in the quiet room, pressed the "High Heat" button, and the dryer rumbled to life, starting its slow, heavy rotation.

They watched the sodden sheets begin their clumsy, damp journey inside the machine for a few seconds, the sheer, ridiculous pathos of the scene cementing itself in their minds. There was no judgment in their action, only the quiet, shared knowledge of what they had found and what they had done. They weren't fixing the problem, not really, but they were offering a lifeline in the form of hot air and tumbling motion.

They backed away from the laundry room, leaving the dryer to its task, the rhythmic thumping inside a new, strange heartbeat in the silent building. As they tiptoed back towards Darcy’s room, the easy laughter returned, but it was different now – infused with a new layer of shared experience, a quiet understanding of human messiness and vulnerability that went beyond words. They hadn't fixed the world, or even solved a major problem, but they had navigated a strangely intimate, slightly grotty moment together with a shared sense of ‘us'.

Back in Darcy’s room, they finished their drinks, the deep questions about life and love fading as the sun began its slow ascent outside the window. They didn't need to discuss the sheets again in detail. Finding them, the silent shock, the immediate, deep embarrassment they felt for the unknown person, Rosie's quiet insistence on helping, the shared decision to start the dryer – it had all been a wordless affirmation of who they were, together. A team, even in the face of anonymous bodily fluids and failed cover-ups.

——-

Back in her own room, two years later, Rosie closed the journal. The memory wasn't just about wet sheets; it was about the quiet click of a dryer door, the look that passed between them, and the feeling of something irrevocably falling into place. K & D. Knew then. Yes, she had.

*005*2025-05-10 07:25

{{On 5/9/2025 at 3:47 AM, Nephrite said:

"K & D. Knew then." - What did Kitty and Darcy know then?

"Yes, she had." - (Rosie?) had what.

I went back and re-read the story but couldn't find what subtle message those two sentences implied.

}}

All valid questions - let me explain:

This is all from Rosie's POV, so "K & D. Knew then" means that Rosie knew after this evening/incident that Kitty and Darcy would be good friends with her. As mentioned at the start, these are just notes from her journal ... and that was the moment she knew.

The "Yes, she had" line is just confirmation of the above - she knew that Kitty and Darcy would be her good friends.

Does that make sense?

*006*2025-05-11 19:01

Ch 3

Saturday night buzzed through the university town as Rosie, Darcy, and Kitty strolled the lively streets. Laughter and music from the bars they'd left clung to the air, mingling with the faint scent of cocktails and perfume. The trio, dressed to turn heads, exuded confidence through their unique styles.

Kitty, with her freshly-straightened brown hair, rocked a sleek black top with a low-cut neckline, paired with high-waisted jeans and leather boots, looking effortlessly sophisticated. Darcy, in contrast, wore a bright floral dress that captured her vibrant personality, its bold colours and playful pattern making her stand out. Her long, curly blonde hair bounced, and her beaming smile was infectious. Statement earrings and a matching clutch added flair. Rosie, the smallest, was a burst of energy in her fitted red dress. The vibrant colour made her pop, while her loose waves and sparkling hazel eyes radiated excitement. A chunky necklace and black ankle boots added an edgy twist.

As they wandered away from the night’s chaos, the city quieted. Streets thinned, and the sounds of the bars grew faint. The trio moved through the hushed night, their laughter filling the silence. These nights were a staple of their friendship, formed back in freshers—brimming with dancing, memories, and just enough mischief.

“Did you see the way Tom was looking at me?” Kitty gushed, her voice alight with a mix of confidence and tipsy exhilaration. “It’s like I was the only girl in the room!”

Darcy smirked, rolling her eyes. “Kitty, you say that every time a guy so much as blinks in your direction. He was probably just trying to decide whether or not to buy you a drink.”

Rosie let out a laugh and playfully nudged Kitty’s arm. “Don’t listen to her. You totally have that ‘girl next door’ vibe going on. Guys eat that up. And let’s be real—Kitty doesn’t even try; they still fall at her feet.”

Kitty shot Darcy a mock glare. “At least I’m not the one putting on show-stopping dance performances like I’m auditioning for Strictly Come Dancing! Seriously, Darcy, you had the whole room hypnotised.”

“Or horrified,” Darcy quipped, flipping her curls dramatically. “What’s the point of going out if you’re not going to have a little fun?”

“Fun is exactly what we had,” Rosie chimed in, her voice warm with nostalgia. “I’ll never forget how you rejected that guy just because he asked if you liked cats.”

“He’s not wrong!” Kitty added, grinning. “Darcy can’t resist a cute face and a kitten. It’s her weakness!”

Darcy scoffed, trying to sound unimpressed. “Excuse me, kittens are not a guaranteed ticket to my heart. I need more than fluff—brains, wit, substance!”

Rosie elbowed her playfully. “Oh, you’re so full of it! You’re just pretending to be tough because you hate admitting you’re a sucker for baby animals.”

Darcy huffed and crossed her arms in mock indignation. “It’s scientific research! That’s the only reason I watch cat videos, okay?”

“Oh, yeah,” Rosie teased through her laughter. “Scientific research. Sure.”

Their banter was punctuated by giggles and occasional drunken snorts as they walked on. The night was growing colder, the warmth of earlier hours giving way to a soft chill that hinted at the beginning of spring. The quiet streets were lit by flickering street lamps casting amber glows on the pavement, while vibrant murals on the buildings faded into muted tones under the dim light.

With their heels clicking against the pavement, the trio transitioned from the pub-crawling chaos to the muted pulse of a city winding down. The once-loud streets were giving way to calm, leaving behind the remnants of a perfect night out: shared jokes, fleeting moments, and the unwavering bond of three friends navigating their own little corner of the world.

Rosie turned to Kitty, brow furrowed. “Hey … you okay? You’ve been really quiet for a while." She nudged Kitty playfully with her elbow, waiting.

Kitty’s pace faltered, coming to an abrupt halt. Her eyes widened with alarm as a sudden, intense pressure gripped her. “Sorry … I really need to go to the bathroom!" she exclaimed, her voice alight with panic. There was an almost childish urgency behind the words, one that clashed horribly with the composed, sophisticated image she always tried to project.

She bent over at the waist, her hands flying to the crotch area of her high-waisted jeans as if trying to physically will her bladder into submission. Her thighs clamped together instinctively, legs trembling slightly as she tried to hold her body in check. Her fingers clenched into fists, pressing tightly against her sides, and her face contorted in a mix of distress and shame.

Inside, a storm was raging. Not again, she thought, biting the inside of her cheek. She’d already humiliated herself once this term, an accident she hadn’t been able to erase from her memory, a shameful secret slowly eating away at her insides. Her mother's voice echoed in her head: A lady always controls herself. Kitty had spent years following that voice, keeping everything tidy, perfect, and appropriate. Wetting herself in public would be a complete collapse of all she believed she had to be.

Rosie slowed her steps, raising an amused eyebrow. "But we’re almost home! Can’t you hold it?" she teased, rolling her eyes with a chuckle. Kitty’s dramatic flair had only grown more pronounced since she'd had a few drinks, and Rosie figured this was just another one of those moments - although memories of the incident weeks prior did flash across her mind.

But Kitty shook her head with urgency. "No, I can’t! I’m desperate!” Her voice cracked at the end, high-pitched and raw.

Darcy, ever the adventurous one, flashed a mischievous grin. "Why don’t we just find a quiet spot and … you know?”

Kitty’s cheeks turned a vivid shade of crimson. "You mean … here? In public?" Her voice was a squeak of scandalised disbelief. The suggestion was utterly at odds with her upbringing, her strict mother had always drilled into her the importance of proper decorum. Peeing in public? That was a line she never thought she’d cross - although … look how far that mindset got me a few weeks ago, she grimaced.

But her bladder throbbed in response to every step, every breath, mocking her. She clenched tighter, willing her muscles to hold, to behave. Her whole body was locked in tense defiance. The thought of losing control in her jeans - again - nearly brought tears to her eyes.

Darcy laughed, clearly enjoying the situation far too much. “Who cases? It’s way less embarrassing than wetting your pants.”

Kitty froze as Darcy’s words hit her like a dagger: ”Wetting your pants." The phrase sent a mortified shiver down her spine. Her mind raced back to that awful night a few weeks ago, when she’d come stumbling into the house after drinks, the urge already unbearable. She'd barely managed to shut the door before bolting up the stairs, each frantic step jarring her full bladder. Hot leaks had already begun to escape, trickling down her inner thighs as she whimpered in panic. Her hands shook as she fumbled with the button on her jeans - too tight, too stubborn - and in her desperation, she lost her balance, collapsing onto the cold, hard bathroom floor. The shock of it, the heat, the wetness, the utter helplessness, was something she couldn’t forget. Not then, and certainly not now. The fear she’d felt returned full force, sharp and visceral.

"Less embarrassing?" Kitty repeated, her voice high-pitched with disbelief as she shifted her weight anxiously from one foot to the other. Her eyes darted around nervously. "What if someone sees us?”

"Please," Darcy scoffed. "Who cares? Remember that flatmate in first year? The one who wet her bed after a few too many shots? Trust me, taking a quick squat behind a bush is practically dignified compared to that.”

Rosie, her own mind flashing to Kitty’s mishap a few weeks back, gave a sympathetic smile. "Don’t worry about it, Kitty. You know what they say … when nature calls!”

"And let’s just hope nature doesn’t call too soon for some of us," Darcy added with a smirk. Rosie stifled a chuckle but couldn’t help noticing the subtle signs of discomfort Darcy was failing to fully hide. The way she pressed her thighs together, the slight squirm when she thought no one was looking. Darcy’s confidence had cracks, and Rosie was catching on.

Kitty groaned, the heat rising to her cheeks. She’d been too focused on her own predicament to realise Darcy was in a similar bind. The pressure in her bladder was unbearable now, a dam threatening to burst. And then, she felt it. The unmistakable warmth of a leak escaping, soaking her black thong with a betrayal that made her heart sink. No one could see it, but she knew. And knowing made her want to cry.

"You guys are ridiculous," Kitty snapped, her voice tight, laced with panic and shame. "Fine! Let’s just do it!"

The three hurriedly veered off the main path, stumbling into a small, secluded spot tucked behind a row of overgrown bushes. The faint glow of a distant streetlight barely touched the hidden nook, shrouding it in privacy, or at least as much privacy as Kitty’s dignity could hope for.

Darcy wasted no time. A teasing glint sparkled in her eyes, and her mischievous personality shone through as usual. She had nothing to be shy about, and besides, she was bursting. With zero hesitation, Darcy hiked up her floral dress, revealing the hem of her small blue knickers. With a smooth, playful flourish, she pulled them to the side, her cheeks dimpled in a carefree grin. Then, she gracefully squatted, lowering herself until her bum nearly rested on her ankles. The bold, unapologetic display was signature Darcy, a girl unbothered by convention or nerves.

Kitty shuffled awkwardly, torn between her inner turmoil and the growing ache of her bladder. Rosie stood nearby with arms folded, trying to stifle a laugh at both of her friends’ ridiculous antics. Having witnessed Kitty's earlier incident and now watching Darcy’s show of confidence, Rosie couldn’t help but feel unexpectedly entertained by the absurd turn the night had taken.

"See? It's easy!" Darcy said, glancing up at Kitty, her tone light and encouraging.

Kitty stood a few feet away, her whole body screaming for release. She wrung her hands nervously, her eyes flicking to the bushes, then to Darcy. Her knees were trembling now. She clenched her thighs together, fighting the relentless pressure that had built to a painful, unbearable peak. Before she could overthink it again, a sudden and unmistakable sound broke the awkward silence, a sharp hissing noise accompanied by the rhythmic splash of liquid striking the muddy earth.

Kitty’s eyes widened as she looked at Darcy, who had already squatted down, fully committed to the moment. An unrestrained, steady stream of urine shot out from beneath her, carving tiny rivulets into the ground as the sound seemed to echo into every corner of the still night.

Darcy looked utterly unfazed. If anything, she exuded an almost infectious confidence, as though she had shed not only her inhibitions but also some unspoken societal rules in the process. Kitty couldn’t look away, mesmerised as Darcy grinned at her with unbothered ease.

"Come on, Kitty, it’s not so bad once you do it,” Darcy called out, waving her free hand with an air of nonchalance.

Kitty swallowed hard. She could feel the pressure mounting in her own body, that heavy, aching sensation refusing to be ignored. Another hot leak escaped, this time longer. She gasped quietly. Her face turned scarlet as the damp warmth spread between her legs, confirming her worst fear: she was seconds from losing it completely. She wanted to scream. She wanted to disappear. But above all, she just wanted relief.

Her breath caught in panic, but thankfully her dark clothing masked any visible evidence of her predicament. Another, more intense leak followed, and Kitty knew she couldn’t put it off any longer. She took a deep breath, steeling herself as she finally gave in.

Taking a shaky breath, Kitty whispered, “Okay, okay,” more to herself than anyone else. Her hands fumbled to undo the button on her jeans, and her heart thudded loudly in her ears. Don’t think, just do it, she told herself, blinking back the sting of frustrated tears. She crouched down awkwardly, yanking her jeans and wet underwear past her thighs in one desperate motion. The cool air brushed against her skin, and her muscles spasmed from the sheer force of trying to hold on.

Then - she couldn’t.

The moment her clothes were out of the way, A fierce, uncontrollable stream burst free with a hiss, splashing against the dirt below. Kitty let out a small, involuntary sigh as the ache in her abdomen began to fade, wave by wave. Her head dropped between her shoulders, the weight of shame mingling with overwhelming relief.

Kitty’s release was unrefined, hurried, and far less graceful than Darcy’s carefree demonstration. Her thighs brushed against her jeans where they rested just above her boots, the fabric damp beneath her fingers, but none of that mattered for now. For the first time that evening, she felt her body completely relax.

“See? Not so bad!” Darcy cheered, her tone a blend of amusement and victory.

Beside her, Rosie stood quietly near a bush, her gaze locked on the muddy ground and the two converging streams of liquid slowly disappearing under the foliage. The repetitive splashing sound played in her ears, stirring an odd sense of déjà vu. The scene triggered a memory she’d tried to bury - the night when Kitty had an accident in the bathroom that left a lasting impression.

The similarity between the soft hissing sounds now and that vivid memory back then was both unsettling and strangely captivating. The alcohol coursing through Rosie’s veins only heightened the sensory moment, blending the past and present into something she couldn’t fully articulate, but couldn’t quite ignore either.

As Kitty finished and stood up, pulling her jeans back into place with a relieved sigh, she felt a noticeable weight lift from her shoulders. The ordeal, though mortifying to her core, was officially over. Grateful to feel free and unburdened, she brushed her hands across her clothing and shot Darcy a sheepish grin.

“Ready?” Darcy asked with a cheeky smile, already walking ahead.

When Kitty nodded, the three girls fell into step together, the brisk night air cooling their flushed faces as they made their way back to the familiar sight of their small terraced house.

As the door came into view, Darcy glanced sideways at Kitty, her smirk playfully teasing. “So … feeling better now? You looked pretty desperate back there.”

Kitty's cheeks flushed again, but she laughed it off with a shrug. “Yeah, I’m fine. Just really had to go, you know?”

Her casual tone masked the lingering embarrassment, but deep down, as they entered their home, there was no denying the relief that came with letting go … of stress, of shame, of everything.

For the first time all evening, Kitty felt unencumbered. And maybe, just maybe, she could see the humour in it all.

As Rosie turned the key in the lock, the familiar warmth of home welcomed them back, a comforting refuge after the wild events of the evening. Darcy stepped inside, her gaze narrowing playfully as a mischievous smile tugged at her lips. She leaned toward Kitty, her eyes crinkling in amusement.

“So,” Darcy began, her tone teasing, “was it kind of … freeing? You know, in a weird way? Peeing in public and all? Did it feel like this crazy, liberating thing to do?”

Kitty froze. Her eyes widened, and colour rushed to her cheeks as she quickly looked away. “I … I don’t know what you’re talking about,” she stammered, flustered and visibly trying to play it cool.

But Darcy wasn’t buying it. Her eyes sparkled with humour, and her grin widened as she pressed on. “Oh, come on, Kitty. I saw the look on your face - pure bliss. You were practically glowing afterward. You can’t deny it. It was like you had a weight lifted off your shoulders.”

Kitty groaned, caught between embarrassment and the urge to laugh. She sighed, conceding with an exasperated smile. “Fine, okay? Maybe it was a little bit freeing. But seriously, Darcy, don’t you dare tell anyone about it! I don’t want to be known as ‘the girl who pees in public.’” Her voice dropped to a whisper, as if saying it louder might solidify her new, unwanted title.

Darcy raised her hands in mock surrender, her grin still firmly in place. “Relax. My lips are sealed. Your secret’s safe with me, Kitty.”

With that, their teasing came to an end. The girls exchanged sleepy hugs and soft “goodnights” before retreating to their separate bedrooms. The sound of doors closing and beds creaking echoed gently through the house as they each settled in for the night. Silence followed, peaceful and complete, broken only by the faint hum of fellow students returning home outside and the occasional creak of the old wooden floorboards.

*007*2025-05-26 16:10

Ch 4

Rosie clicked on her phone, the time reading 3:17 AM. She groaned, rolling onto her stomach and burying her face in the pillow. Sleep was a distant country, a place she couldn't seem to reach tonight. Her mind, a relentless projector, kept replaying the evening, each scene sharper and more vivid than the last.

It had started like any other Saturday night at university. Rosie, Kitty, and Darcy, inseparable as housemates could be, had crammed into the tiny bathroom of their shared house, battling for mirror space as they got ready. The air thick with hairspray and cheap perfume, the soundtrack a mashup of pop anthems blasting from Darcy's phone. They were a mismatched trio, yet perfectly balanced. Rosie, quiet and observant, often felt like the anchor, watching Kitty's poised elegance and Darcy's chaotic energy with a mixture of admiration and mild bewilderment.

Town was a blur of flashing lights, sticky floors, and the thumping bass of the local nightclub. They danced, they drank, they laughed until their sides ached. Rosie, usually reserved, found herself caught up in the collective euphoria, letting loose in ways she rarely allowed herself. But as the night wore on, the alcohol's grip loosened, and the mundane realities of biology began to assert themselves.

It was on their way home, navigating the quiet residential streets, that Kitty, always the picture of decorum, had confessed, her voice strained, "I really need to go to the bathroom. I’m desperate."

Darcy, ever the adventurer, had grinned, "Why don’t we just find a quiet spot and … you know?"

Kitty had initially balked at the suggestion. Public urination, it seemed so brazen. However, Kitty was beyond caring about social niceties. Her face was pale, her legs crossed in a desperate attempt to maintain control.

They found a thick, overgrown hedge bordering a park. The darkness offered a semblance of privacy, but Rosie still felt a thrill of unease as she stood guard, her heart pounding against her ribs.

Kitty and Darcy disappeared behind the bush, and the night air was filled with a sound Rosie hadn't expected to find so … captivating. The distinct, liquid rush of urine hitting the earth. It was primal, raw, and strangely intimate. She pictured the streams, the glistening droplets, the way the liquid would soak into the soil. As she replayed it in her mind, she zoomed in on the details: the way Kitty had yanked down her jeans, exposing a sliver of pale thigh in the dim light; the rustle of leaves as Darcy whispered encouragement; and, of course, that sound. A shiver ran down her spine, a sensation that had nothing to do with the cool night air. Instead, it felt like a secret, shameful thrill, a hidden key unlocking a door she never knew existed within her.

Back in her bedroom, the memory of that sound echoed in her mind, amplified by the darkness and her own restless thoughts. It was joined by another, a more recent and equally unsettling memory.

A few weeks ago, Rosie, trying to enjoy some alone time, had stumbled upon Kitty in the bathroom, struggling to pull down her jeans after a particularly heavy night. Kitty was clearly in distress, her movements clumsy and frantic. As Rosie watched, frozen in the doorway, Kitty had lost the battle. A warm, spreading stain blossomed on her jeans, and across the bathroom floor - a small gasp escaped her lips.

In that moment, something had shifted within Rosie. The sight of Kitty's vulnerability, the warmth and desperation of the situation, had triggered something unexpected, something she hadn't known she was capable of. A wave of heat had washed over her, culminating in a sudden, intense climax that left her breathless and ashamed. She remembered the tightening in her chest, the blood rushing to her face, the electric pulse that had overtaken her body - the accidental orgasm. It was a moment of pure, untamed sensation, one she had immediately tried to bury, to label as a bizarre anomaly. But now, it was back, demanding to be examined.

Now, lying in bed, the two memories intertwined, fuelling a growing sense of restlessness. The sound of Kitty's urine, the image of her soaked jeans … they danced together in her mind, creating a potent cocktail of desire and guilt. She saw Kitty's face, a fleeting expression of helplessness before embarrassment took over. She heard the sound of her own quickened breath as she stood frozen in the doorway, a silent witness to Kitty's private struggle. It swirled together, a forbidden secret of images and sensations.

She tossed and turned, pulling the duvet tight around her, then kicking it off in frustration. Her body felt wired, buzzing with an energy she couldn't ignore. She knew what she wanted, what her body craved. But she also knew she shouldn’t.

The problem wasn't just the act itself, but the images that fuelled it. The illicit thrill of witnessing Kitty's vulnerability, the primal sound of her relieving herself, these were things she couldn't reconcile with the image she had of herself. She was supposed to be the sensible one, the grounded one. Not someone who got aroused by the thought of someone else’s bodily functions.

But the more she tried to suppress the thoughts, the more insistent they became. Each attempt to distract herself only led her back to those core images: the dark hedge, the glistening moisture, the vulnerable expression on Kitty’s face. She closed her eyes, trying to conjure up other, more acceptable fantasies, but they felt pale and lifeless in comparison. Her body was on fire, demanding release.

She reached down tentatively, her fingers brushing against the cotton of her pyjama bottoms. A jolt of electricity shot through her, and she gasped. She knew she was playing with fire, but she couldn't seem to stop herself.

Slowly swirling her fingers over her pyjama bottoms, the image of Kitty behind the bush filled her mind, the sound of the urine a rhythmic pulse urging her on. She imagined the warmth, the release, the sheer vulnerability of the moment. She focused on the visual details: the curve of Kitty's spine as she leaned forward, the slight tremble in her hands, the way the moonlight caught the strands of her hair. She imagined herself there, behind the bush, sharing that moment of raw, uninhibited release. Her fingers started to move with increasing urgency, her breath coming in ragged gasps.

She was teetering on the edge, caught between pleasure and self-loathing. She knew she should stop, that this wasn't right, that she would regret it in the morning. But the need was too strong, the pressure too intense. Her body was screaming for release, a primal urge that overrode all logic and reason. Her chest tightened, her nipples hardened, and a wave of heat washed over her.

As she got closer to the edge, a new sensation began to build, a familiar pressure in her bladder. The thought of Kitty peeing behind the bush intensified the feeling, making her clench her legs together - her thighs now brushing against each other. It amplified the sense of vulnerability, the surrender of control. It was a connection she couldn’t explain, a mirroring of experiences that ignited her desire. She was desperate, not just for release, but for something else, something she couldn't quite name. A need to connect, to experience that vulnerability herself, to push past the boundaries she had always erected.

The thoughts flooded back, stronger, more vivid, more demanding. She imagined Kitty's face, that mixture of relief and embarrassment. She imagined the stream of urine, hot and urgent, soaking into the earth. The sound filled her ears, drowning out all other thoughts. She envisioned herself in that same position, surrendering to the urge, feeling the hot stream gushing forth, the relief washing over her. The fantasy became so real, so tangible, that she could almost feel the cool night air on her skin, the rough texture of the bark against her back.

There was a now a full storm swirling under the covers; her body tensed, anticipating, arching slightly against the mattress in unconscious preparation.

A wave of overwhelming pleasure crashed over her, obliterating all resistance. It was a release unlike any other, an eruption that shook her to her core. Every single nerve ending ignited, screaming a symphony of pleasure and radical surrender. Load moans tore from her throat, her nails digging into the sheets as her body arched higher, riding the peak of the sensation. It was pure, unadulterated bliss, a moment of complete, explosive surrender.

And as she reached the peak of her orgasm, something else happened, something she hadn't anticipated. A warm, wet sensation spread beneath her. Her bladder, overwhelmed by the intensity of the moment, had surrendered. Urine was spilling out uncontrollably, soaking through the fabric of her pyjamas and pooling around her hips. There was nothing she could do to stop the flow (the hissing continued) and she could feel it spreading outwards, seeping into the sheets below and creating a dark, damp patch that grew larger by the second.

There was a moment of silence of she removed her now wet hand from her waist.

The pleasure vanished instantly, replaced by a wave of shame so cold, so intense, it stole her breath. It was far colder and more potent than any humiliation she had ever known. The bliss that had just consumed her evaporated, leaving behind a bitter residue of disgust and self-loathing. She lay there, in a rapidly spreading puddle, paralysed, her body still trembling in the agonising aftermath of the orgasm.

She had crossed a line. Not just in the private territory of her desires, but in the physical world, in her understanding of herself. She was capable of things she had never imagined, subject to desires she couldn't control, leading to consequences she hadn't anticipated. And now, she was lying in a puddle of her own urine, a stark, wet, undeniable reminder of her transgression. The smell, poignant and unmistakable, filled the room, a sickeningly real manifestation of her shame.

The room was silent, save for her own ragged, shaky breathing. She felt utterly alone, adrift in a sea of guilt and confusion.

Slowly, mechanically, she began to move. Peeling off the soaked pyjama bottom, wrestling with the heavy, wet sheets. The shame was a physical weight, pressing down on her chest. She bundled the evidence tightly, trying not to look at the dark stain blooming on the mattress beneath. Finding a clean set of sheets in the linen closet, her hands fumbling slightly, she worked to erase the proof, remaking the bed with numb movements, as if watching a stranger perform this degrading task.

The real challenge was getting the bundle of shame to the washing machine downstairs. The house was quiet, but Kitty or Darcy might still be awake. Each creak of the floorboard beneath Rosie's bare feet was a thunderclap in the suffocating silence. Clutching the heavy, damp bundle to her chest, she crept out of the room like a thief, the shame pressing down on her harder than the sodden sheets.

Down the hallway, past the closed doors where her roommates slept, she held her breath. The washing machine was in the kitchen. She fumbled with the door handle, praying it wouldn't squeak loudly enough to wake anyone. Once inside, she shoved the soiled sheets and pyjamas deep into the drum, slammed the detergent drawer a little too hard, and stabbed at the buttons, setting the cycle to the hottest wash she could find. The churn of water started almost instantly, a small mercy.

Then came a voice behind her.

“Rosie?”

She jumped, spinning around, her heart in her throat.

Kitty stood in the kitchen doorway, blinking blearily in the dim light. Her dressing gown was askew, and her hair looked like she'd been electrocuted.

“I thought someone was trying to break in,” she muttered. Then her eyes narrowed. “Why are you doing laundry at …” she glanced at the oven clock, “four a.m.?”

Rosie opened her mouth, tried to lie, then hesitated. “Just ... something spilled.”

Kitty's gaze dropped to the edge of the machine, where a the white sheets were slowly spinning like a guilty secret.

Her face changed. “Wait. Rosie—did you…?”

Rosie stared at the floor. Her voice came out small. “I … I wet the bed.”

Kitty blinked, stunned to silence. “You what?”

“I didn’t mean to!” Rosie whispered fiercely. “I … I don’t even know why—” She lied, knowing full what had happened. Her face flushed a deep red.

Kitty just stared. “But … you’re you. You’re the one who makes colour-coded revision timetables. You own two types of plasters and label your leftovers. What happened?”

Rosie groaned, sitting heavily on one of the kitchen chairs. “Yeah, well, guess I’ve peaked. Apparently I’m the one sneaking around in the night with a bundle of shame now.”

Kitty was quiet for a second, then slowly shook her head. “You realise what this reminds me of?”

Rosie looked up in defeat.

“That night in first year,” Kitty said. “When we were still in halls. After that huge night out. Someone put soaking wet sheets in the dryer.”

Rosie blinked. The memory surfaced—her, Kitty, and Darcy, investigating suspicious noises and discovering the load of soggy sheets, heavy with humiliation. No one had ever owned up.

“We all swore someone from our flat must’ve done it,” Kitty went on, a small, incredulous smile tugging at her lips. “Darcy said it was probably that guy … Mark. Or maybe Erika.”

Rosie gave a weak laugh. “I remember that. We made jokes about it for weeks.”

“And now here we are,” Kitty said. “Full circle. The mystery pee bandit was inside the house all along.”

Rosie buried her face in her hands. “Please tell me you’re not going to tell Darcy.”

Kitty grinned. “Oh god, no. She’d have a field day. She’d print out a quote board and pin it above your bed.”

Rosie groaned again. “Exactly.”

Kitty sat beside her, nudging her with her elbow. “It’s fine, you know. Honestly... it makes me feel a bit better. Human. After my mishap.”

“Yeah?”

Kitty nodded.“Pretty sure Darcy assumed the worst then, too. She saw me sprinting upstairs!”

For a moment, they just looked at each other, and then both burst out laughing.

“Promise we never speak of this again?” Rosie said between giggles.

“Only to each other. Never Darcy,” Kitty replied, mock solemn. “Some secrets are sacred.”

Rosie smiled. The knot in her chest loosened. Behind them, the washing machine hummed on. The shame was still there—but not quite so heavy anymore.

“Tea?” Kitty offered.

Rosie nodded. “Definitely.”

They moved around the kitchen quietly, side by side—two disasters in soft pyjamas, bound together by bad luck, ridiculous jeans, and the safety of shared secrets.

*009*2025-06-08 09:12

Ch 5

The clock on the wall mocked her with its steady, merciless tick. Midnight was less than an hour away, and Darcy still hadn’t hit the required word count on her criminal law essay, a paper worth 20% of her final grade. The topic was brutal: Assess the compatibility of joint enterprise liability with principles of individual culpability in modern criminal law. Just the title made her stomach clench. Her desk was scattered with printouts of obscure case law — R v Jogee, R v Chan Wing-Siu — legal judgments she’d highlighted into oblivion but still barely understood. Every sentence she typed sounded like a poor imitation of real legal analysis, dry and bloodless.

The pressure wasn’t just academic. It was personal. As a second-year law student, this was the year that mattered, the year that would make or break her chances of a training contract. Her tutors had hammered that into her from day one: first year was a warm-up, second year was everything. And Darcy had started it well. She’d told herself this time, she’d stay on top of readings, plan her assignments, revise every week.

But now here she was. Red-eyed, mentally fried, and physically coming apart in the sterile silence of the library’s top floor. Her essay document sat open on her screen, blinking at her like it was daring her to give up. She had written just over 1,300 words. The minimum was 2,000. And every word that came now felt like wading through tar.

The legal jargon clotted in her brain. Mens rea, actus reus, parasitic accessory liability. Her fingers hovered above the keyboard, frozen. She was supposed to be critiquing how the courts had handled group criminal responsibility, but her mind could barely hold a single thought together. Every idea dissolved before it fully formed. Her notes mocked her with half-underlined quotes and scattered bullet points. The judgment from Jogee, once groundbreaking, now looked like a mess of paragraphs she couldn’t even parse.

And layered beneath the academic dread, the caffeine-induced fog, and the thrum of impending failure, was the rising, pulsing pressure of her bladder.

It had started as a whisper, just a minor discomfort. But that was hours ago. She had kept going, ignoring it, gulping down another can of energy drink like it was medicine, trying to outrun her exhaustion. Ten cans now, lined up like little silver tombstones on the edge of her desk. The caffeine had made her hands jittery and her thoughts spiral, but worst of all, it had filled her with a tidal weight of liquid she could no longer contain.

Now, the pressure was unbearable, not just distracting, but all-consuming. Her lower abdomen felt stretched and distended, the skin taut with tension. A dull, constant ache had taken root, sharpening each time she shifted. Her legs were crossed, then re-crossed, her entire body contorted into a posture of desperate restraint. Every muscle in her core was clenched.

And yet still, still she tried to focus.

She forced her eyes back to the screen. The last sentence she’d written was highlighted in yellow, her own way of admitting, this is crap, fix later. It read: “While Jogee reasserted the principle that foresight is not intent, its practical application remains fraught with contradiction.” She had no idea what to follow it with. The next section was supposed to examine judicial inconsistency, contrasting Rahman with Gnango, but her thoughts were slipping away, drowned out by the red-hot urgency pulsing from her bladder.

The essay didn’t care that she was on the verge of wetting herself. The deadline didn’t care. The law faculty certainly didn’t care. It demanded precision, structure, citations, critical engagement, not frantic, jumbled thoughts formed under duress.

She shifted her weight on the stiff library chair again, grinding her thighs together with a subtle, calculated motion, as though she could somehow trick her body into forgetting the screaming pressure in her bladder. Her crossed legs were a tourniquet, her fingers white-knuckled against the keyboard tray. Her jeans cut into her stomach, too tight, suddenly, making the discomfort somehow worse. She couldn’t tell anymore if the burning ache in her lower belly was from stress, caffeine, or sheer, unrelenting fullness.

“Come on,” she whispered under her breath, and started typing again. Something. Anything.

But every sentence was either stilted or incoherent. Her argument, if it could even be called that, had lost all structure. She knew how this essay should read: tightly argued, with precise references, controlled tone, and the appearance of academic mastery. But what she had now was a barely coherent stream of loosely connected ideas, drifting away from the prompt and riddled with half-finished citations.

Footnote 12 just read: [find the case where that judge said something about recklessness?]

She wanted to scream.

This wasn’t how she worked. Or at least, not how she wanted to see herself. Darcy prided herself on being a serious student, the kind who annotated cases, spoke up in tutorials, who could quote Lord Steyn without fumbling. Her mum had always bragged about her: Darcy’s studying law at Bristol. Proper law, not one of those easy degrees. And yet here she was, bursting for a wee, half-lucid, and failing to string a paragraph together.

The irony wasn’t lost on her. She was writing about criminal culpability and human agency while losing control of her own basic bodily functions. The line between responsibility and helplessness, the precise thing she was meant to be dissecting on the page, had become painfully personal.

Another jolt ran through her belly, sharp and insistent, almost enough to make her yelp aloud. She doubled forward slightly, pressing her hands discreetly between her legs, praying no one noticed. Her bladder had gone from full to critical. She could feel it, heavy and tight, pushing down toward escape with a will of its own.

The worst part was the shame. Not just the looming possibility of wetting herself, though that was horrifying enough, but the sheer indignity of being reduced to this in the middle of her law library. Of having all her academic aspirations and intellectual pride shattered by something so embarrassingly physical. This wasn’t just failure; it was exposure. Primal. Pathetic.

Her thighs ached from being so tightly clenched. She shifted, subtly, fingers digging harder into the denim at her crotch. She didn’t dare get up, not yet. There were still too many people nearby, still too many eyes that could register the urgency in her every motion. She told herself she could last ten more minutes. Just long enough to finish this paragraph. Just long enough to string together some halfway decent commentary on judicial precedent and duress.

She blinked down at her screen again, trying to ignore the pins and needles forming in her feet, the tremble in her knees.

“One of the main criticisms of joint enterprise liability is its potential to criminalise the peripheral participant, whose mental culpability may not align with the principal offender…”

It wasn’t terrible. But the words swam before her eyes. Her bladder spasmed again, a sudden, hot burst of pressure that made her gasp and lean forward instinctively, one arm braced against her abdomen. Her heart raced. That had been close. Too close. She bit her lip, hard, trying to suppress the rising tide of panic.

The tick of the clock on the wall was louder now, or maybe just more unbearable. Every second that passed was another moment closer to disaster.

Another crushing wave hit her, stronger than the last, a violent, internal clench that made her eyes squeeze shut and her breath catch. It wasn’t just urgency now. It was pain. Blunt, hot, and overwhelming.

She had to go. She had to go. But even the act of standing felt dangerous, like removing her hands from her lap or uncrossing her legs would instantly betray her. Every muscle in her core was tensed, holding back the flood by sheer, trembling force of will.

Her jaw clenched so hard it ached. She tried to breathe through her nose; slow, steady, in control, but her breath came in panicked little huffs. She glanced around the room, trying to assess her options. The others scattered through the library didn’t seem to notice her distress - not yet - but if she moved now, they would. Her every step would reek of desperation. The way she’d rise too fast, the awkward stiffness in her walk, the tension in her clenched fists, it would be obvious.

You’re going to wet yourself in the law library, a cruel inner voice whispered. At twenty years old, you’re going to lose control like a child.

Her heart was hammering in her chest now, an irregular, terrified rhythm that made her feel faint. The thought of humiliation, of someone seeing, was almost as unbearable as the physical discomfort itself.

And still, somehow, the academic pressure didn’t let up. Part of her, the absurd, panicking perfectionist part, wanted to finish the sentence before leaving. Just one more line. Just enough to close out this section so she wouldn’t lose her train of thought.

Her eyes flicked back to the screen. The blinking cursor mocked her again.

…may not align with the principal offender. This raises fundamental concerns about the principle of proportionality in criminal law, particularly where foresight is treated as sufficient culpability—

Her typing faltered. Another spasm hit her bladder, this time so violently that she actually felt a drop escape.

Oh god.

Her eyes widened. She froze, paralysed. Her face burned so hot she thought it might combust. Her entire lower body went rigid, legs locking in place, muscles straining with primal effort. She clutched herself - openly now - hands pressed tightly into her lap, breathing hard, blinking away tears.

This was no longer a choice. This was survival.

Her body made the decision for her.

She shoved her chair back from the desk, the legs screeching loudly against the tile floor, a horrible sound that snapped the silence in two. Heads turned. Someone looked up from a laptop, brows lifting in mild curiosity. Darcy didn’t meet anyone’s eyes.

She stood, unsteady, legs trembling from their long-crossed position, and took a single, painful step forward.

Each movement sent a fresh jolt of pressure through her pelvis - unbearable, desperate. Her bladder felt impossibly full, as though it extended all the way up to her ribcage. Her thighs pressed together instinctively, every stride tight and mincing, her body screaming for release with every miserable second.

She glanced around again as she moved, face burning. She tried to adopt a neutral expression, to walk at a normal pace, but it was a grotesque performance. She could feel the panic radiating off her in waves. Her back was straight, arms stiff at her sides, lips pressed into a bloodless line, everything about her screamed crisis.

The library stairwell was just ahead. Five metres. Four. Her vision was tunnelling.

She hit the stairs and grabbed the rail like a lifeline. The metal was cold and slick beneath her sweaty palms. Her foot landed on the first step and she nearly collapsed.

Going downstairs was torture. Every descent shook her body, gravity pressing down cruelly, jostling the liquid inside her. She clenched everything - thighs, abs, glutes - tighter than ever before. Her whole lower body was one agonised knot of tension. Her bladder throbbed with each step like a wounded organ, each jolt drawing a tiny, involuntary moan from her throat.

She didn’t care how loud she was anymore. She just needed to make it.

Her mind was racing in a loop: Don’t think about it. Don’t leak again. Just get there. Don’t leak. Don’t leak. Just move.

She reached the bottom of the stairs in what felt like a lifetime. The entrance to the main library glowed ahead, cold fluorescent light spilling from the night desk. The security gates loomed in front of her, black bars and blinking scanners - a final obstacle.

Her bladder pulsed so hard it made her vision blur.

She shoved her hand into her pocket, fumbling for her student ID with trembling fingers. Her thumb hit a corner of the plastic, yanked it free. Her hands were wet now, sweat from her palms mixing with the condensation from the energy drinks, and the card almost slipped from her grip.

She scanned it. A beep.

Red light.

Her stomach dropped through the floor.

She scanned the card again.

Beep.

Red.

“No, no—” she whispered, panic slipping into her voice. Her mouth felt dry, tongue thick and clumsy. She pulled the card back and jammed it into the scanner again. Her hands were trembling so violently she could barely hold it steady.

Beep.

Red again.

The gates stayed shut.

Her bladder throbbed violently, a full-body jolt that forced her to bend at the waist, hand pressing between her legs, now fully, openly, without pretence. The muscles in her stomach convulsed. She gritted her teeth to stop the sound that almost escaped her throat, a tiny whimper that rose with the pressure like a sob caught on the brink.

Her vision was swimming. Her skin buzzed with heat. Her heart thudded wildly against her ribs, as if her body thought this was an emergency of mortal proportions and in a way, it was. Every second that passed was another she didn’t have. Her jeans felt tighter with every movement, the waistband a cruel vice against her bloated abdomen.

She scanned the card a third time. The scanner beeped and again flashed red.

Her knees buckled slightly. Her free hand slapped against the metal gate to steady herself. She was losing the fight. She could feel it, the betrayal of her own body, the tremble in her core, the weak flutter of exhausted pelvic muscles at their absolute limit.

She was trapped. Trapped here, in this cold, public space, a breath away from catastrophe, and all she could do was wait on a fickle bit of tech to decide whether or not she would be allowed to keep her dignity.

A sharp movement caught her eye - the night-shift librarian, finally looking up from their computer. Their eyes met hers across the desk. Darcy’s heart stopped.

She could tell, from the look on the librarian’s face, that it was obvious. Not necessarily the full extent of her emergency, but enough: the hunched posture, the way her legs pressed together at an unnatural angle, the desperate sheen of sweat on her face, the trembling hands. The librarian tilted their head slightly, concerned, maybe, or just curious.

That look - that noticing - made everything worse.

The humiliation wasn’t theoretical anymore. It was here, present, witnessed.

She turned back to the scanner. Tried again. Fourth time. Her hand slipped on the slick surface of the card, and she cursed softly under her breath, then shoved it back with a shivering push.

Beep.

Green.

The gates hissed open with a mechanical sigh that sounded, to her panicked brain, like a cruel laugh.

She bolted. There was no grace left in her movements, no control. It wasn’t a walk or even a hurried jog, it was a clumsy, lurching half-run, her body already beginning to unravel with each step. Her bag thumped against her hip. Her thighs stayed pressed tight, knees knocking together, her whole form twisted in on itself like she could physically hold herself closed.

Her footsteps echoed in the empty corridor - loud, too loud - and she swore the sound mirrored her pulse. Everything felt too sharp, too exposed: the echo of her own boots, the buzz of the fluorescents, the slap of her bag. She turned a corner, the bathroom sign in sight now, and nearly stumbled as a fresh, powerful wave of pressure crashed through her.

She gasped, hands flying to the waistband of her jeans, as if that could somehow prevent what was already happening.

A sudden, hot leak burst free.

Not a warning trickle. A spurt - undeniable, humiliating.

“No—!” The word was a hiss, a plea, a helpless protest.

She forced herself to keep moving, breath shallow and rapid, the bathroom door suddenly seeming impossibly far. She reached it on the next wave of adrenaline, yanked the handle so hard it banged open against the wall, and dove into the first stall she saw.

The door slammed behind her. She turned, fumbled for the lock with shaking fingers, finally heard the metallic click of safety. Then she leaned heavily against the stall wall, one hand braced above her, the other pressed between her legs, her whole body trembling violently.

Her breath came in broken sobs now. She was so close. The toilet was right there. She had made it.

But her body had already started to give up.

Another gush hit her - hot, unstoppable - soaking through the already damp lace of her thong. She let out a low, strangled moan, part relief, part devastation. She was still wearing her jeans. Still dressed. And she was wetting herself anyway.

She fumbled wildly with the button and zip, her soaked fingers slick and useless. The denim resisted her. Her waistband, tight from sitting and bloated from fullness, refused to give. She cursed again, louder this time, panic morphing into something animal. She pulled, twisted, ripped at the jeans.

She got them down to her thighs just as the dam fully broke.

The stream came hot and fast, no longer contained by muscles or fabric, soaking through her thong in a violent, humiliating torrent. It hissed against the thin cotton gusset before soaking into her jeans, which clung around her mid-thighs, already darkened with wetness. She collapsed backward onto the toilet seat, the impact jarring but irrelevant now.

For a moment, all she could feel was the heat as it burst through the thin barrier of her thong, no resistance left in her body to stop it. The delicate fabric clung uselessly to her, offering no protection as the stream forced its way through, splattering noisily against the toilet bowl beneath her. The sensation was overwhelming, raw, intimate, humiliating, as if every nerve in her lower body had lit up at once.

Her thong was ruined, coral pink, delicate lace now sodden and clinging like a second skin. The sensation was unbearable: the warmth of it, then the rapid chill as it cooled, as the wetness spread into her inner thighs, her lower back, even the waistband of her jeans where it had splashed upward from her squirming.

It was over. She had lost.

Tears came then, hot and fast, coursing down her cheeks in frustrated silence. She had been so close. The toilet had been right there. But her body had already decided. There was no stopping it.

With trembling hands, Darcy reached down to untie her shoes, fingers fumbling with the laces as if they no longer belonged to her. She kicked them off clumsily, then stood just long enough to shimmy her jeans the rest of the way down her legs. The denim clung stubbornly to her damp skin, cold and heavy, resisting every tug. When she finally wrestled them off, she dropped them in a heap on the floor, unable to bear the sight of the soaked, darkened fabric. Her thighs were slick, the wetness chilling now, and as she sat back down, the reality of it settled on her chest like a weight. She hadn't just lost control, she had to sit in the aftermath of it.

She finally managed to peel the thong away from herself, the soaked lace sticking as it came free. It felt heavier than it should. She balled it in her palm - disgusted, ashamed - and tried not to look at it as she wrapped it in toilet paper and stuffed it deep into her bag. She buried it under books and folders, like hiding the evidence could make the reality go away.

She wiped her eyes with her sleeve, sniffed. Her breath still came in hiccupping gasps. Her jeans, though black, were undeniably soaked - the dampness pressing against her skin, sticking uncomfortably to her thighs and rear. She felt disgusting. Dirty. Defeated.

She pulled them back up anyway. What else could she do?

The fabric clung, still damp, still cold. The clamminess crawled across her skin like a second shame. The smell was faint, but it was there. She could feel it in her nose, the faint, sharp tang of urine - and knew she’d carry that scent with her for the rest of the night, even if no one else noticed.

She stood slowly, her legs stiff and weak beneath her. The cubicle felt too small, too full of memory. She wanted to vanish, to evaporate, to never come back to this building again. But she couldn’t afford that. The essay still waited.

The clock was still ticking.

She took a breath. Shaky. Shallow. Then unlocked the door and stepped out into the corridor, cheeks flushed, chin set, blinking away the last of her tears. Her thighs rubbed uncomfortably as she walked. Her socks were damp. Her dignity was in pieces.

But she had a deadline.

And nothing, not even this, could stop the cursor from blinking on her laptop screen.

*011*2025-06-29 09:52

Ch. 6

Steam curled in thick, lazy trails from beneath the bathroom door, clinging to the hallway wallpaper like a veil. Inside, Darcy stood under the shower head, eyes closed, arms limp by her sides, letting the near-scalding water hammer down over her skin. The sound was deafening, but not enough to drown out the looping voice in her head: You wet yourself in the library.

She’d scrubbed her thighs three times already. Her soaked jeans were bundled behind the laundry bin, hidden like contraband. Her ruined thong was wrapped in so much toilet paper it looked like a snowball. The shame clung harder than the damp fabric had. It wasn’t just the loss of control, it was the nearness. She had been seconds away. Inches. The stall door had shut behind her. And still.

Darcy leaned forward, forehead against the slick tile wall, heart aching with something heavier than embarrassment. It was the image of herself she couldn’t shake: the clenched jaw, the twitching thigh, the too-silent walk through the gates. No one had seen her. But she had seen her.

She could still feel the way her jeans had stuck to her thighs, the cooling wetness making the walk home unbearable. Every step was a reminder. Every glance around was a small prayer that no one would notice.

And yet, this wasn’t unfamiliar. Not entirely.

As her mind drifted, a distant memory pushed forward; warm, sharp, and painfully vivid.

——————————-

Darcy remembered the exact feel of the duvet: slightly lumpy, pale pink with a ridiculous pug-print that Annie had insisted was “ironically cute.” They were crammed shoulder to shoulder, herself, Annie and Maya on Annie's narrow single bed, papers and snack wrappers strewn between them. The air smelled of crisps, cheap perfume, and the faint must of unwashed laundry. Revision had turned lazy hours ago. They’d been at it for hours, snacking and cramming for a torturous exam the next morning. Cans of Coke Zero, half-eaten biscuits, and highlighters littered the duvet. The room buzzed with caffeine and stress.

Laughter still bubbled at the edges of their chatter, but Annie had grown quiet.

She’d been wriggling for a while, crossing and uncrossing her legs, shifting to her side, bouncing a highlighter cap against her thigh in an erratic rhythm. Her smile had become fixed, her eyes strained. Her laugh came too quick or too late. Darcy had barely noticed at first, absorbed in Maya’s rant about a hungover seminar leader who couldn’t tell the Theft Act from tort law.

But Annie’s fidgeting became impossible to ignore. She started bouncing one leg, heel thudding softly against the mattress, her hand gripping the edge of the bed like it anchored her to the world.

“Oh my god, Annie,” Maya said, her voice half-laughing, half-disbelieving. “You look like you’re about to wee yourself.” She still didn’t glance up from her notes, but there was a sly grin tugging at the corner of her mouth.

“I’m fine,” Annie said quickly, voice tight, her eyes flicking toward the en-suite door scanning for an escape route. She pressed her thighs together beneath the cluttered duvet, fingers twitching against the bed’s edge. Her breath was becoming more shallow, but she forced a smile, hoping, praying, that the others wouldn’t notice the growing, undeniable pressure clawing at her insides.

Darcy glanced sideways. “You’ve been moving around like a worm for twenty minutes.”

“I just don’t want to lose my train of thought,” Annie replied, a little too fast, trying to maintain her composure.

“That train’s gone, babe,” Maya said, smirking.

But then, something shifted. The lightness in the room drained. Darcy felt it before she saw it; a hush, a sudden, thick pause in the air. Annie suddenly went still, spine rigid, jaw clenched. Her thighs pressed tightly together as if sheer force of will might undo biology. Her eyes flicked toward the en-suite door in desperation, scanning for an escape that no longer existed.

Unbeknownst to the others at first, a faint, darker patch appeared beneath Annie’s hip, blooming like a shadow across the pink duvet. It started small, a subtle change in colour, almost deniable. She flinched, trying to adjust her position, but that only worsened the spread. She held her breath, rigid, silently praying no one had noticed.

But Darcy’s gaze dropped to the sheets. Her eyes narrowed.

“Wait... is that—” she said slowly, leaning in slightly. “Annie, is that what I think it is?”

“No!” Annie said sharply, panic breaking through in her voice. Her cheeks were flushed with heat, her eyes wide. “It’s not ... I just spilled something—”

But even as she spoke, the discolouration deepened, spreading more rapidly now. A dark stain fanned outward beneath her, seeping into the duvet, blooming like ink in water. It was no longer deniable.

“Oh my god,” Maya said, her voice turning sharp, cruel with disbelief. “Are you seriously peeing right now?”

Annie’s mouth opened, but no words came. Her throat moved as if she were trying to form something, anything, but only shallow gasps escaped. Her body trembled violently, her limbs frozen with the weight of disbelief and horror.

Darcy’s eyes widened in horrified disbelief. “Annie…” she whispered, her voice catching. “You’re actually ... you’re wetting yourself.”

The damp had soaked fully through her leggings now, spreading over her lap in a dark, glistening patch. The fabric clung awkwardly to her thighs and bottom, outlining her shame in cruel detail. The spreading warmth moved beneath her, saturating the bed and her clothes. Her legs shook. A faint, unmistakable scent lifted in the air: warm, human, humiliating.

Her hand flew to her mouth. A whimper broke through, helpless, raw. Her eyes brimmed with tears, disbelief cracking across her face.

Maya recoiled. “That’s actually disgusting,” she spat. “What the hell, Annie?” Her disgust was sharp - but there was something else behind it. Fear?

Annie tried again to speak, but her voice failed her. She looked like a statue cracked at the core, breath hitching, her whole body locked in place. Then her lips parted, soundless, trembling. A sob escaped, strangled and thin.

Darcy stood, arms folded, trying not to look at the wet patch darkening beneath Annie. “Why didn’t you say something?”

Annie opened her mouth, barely audible, she rasped, “I thought I could hold it …” Her whole body trembled violently, fingers clawing at the duvet like she was trying to burrow into it, to disappear entirely. Her face was streaked with tears now, mouth open in a silent sob. Her eyes were wide, glazed with shock. The bed beneath her was soaked, the evidence of her failure unmistakable, irreversible. “I thought I had more time,” she whispered, the words trembling on the edge of a breakdown, like saying them might make it un-happen.

Maya’s face twisted in disgust. “That’s disgusting. You could’ve just gone.”

“I didn’t want to leave and come back and be behind ... I didn’t want to miss anything,” Annie said, voice cracking. Her face was crimson, blotchy with heat and shame, tears now leaking freely down her cheeks.

Darcy just stood there, arms crossed, biting the inside of her cheek. She remembered the silence, how it had felt safer than trying to comfort someone she didn’t understand. She had stood there, arms crossed, thinking her own discomfort was enough. But now…

Annie folded in on herself, trembling, her knees drawn to her chest like she could curl into nothing. Her breaths came in uneven shudders, her arms wrapped around her legs so tightly her knuckles blanched. The stain continued to spread beneath her, dark and merciless.

Her lips parted, but no words came. Her mouth trembled, her eyes glassy with panic and disbelief. “I didn’t think it would actually happen,” she finally choked. “I thought I could control it.”

Darcy’s mouth opened, but what came out was sharper than she intended. “Well, it did. On your bed. While we were all sitting here.”

There was a beat of heavy silence.

Maya scoffed, half-laughing in disbelief. “Jesus, Annie. That’s actually gross.”

Annie’s shoulders jerked with a dry sob. She ducked her head lower, as though she could vanish between her knees, her entire body shaking.

Darcy felt the guilt prick hot and fast in her chest, but she still couldn’t stop herself. “Why wouldn’t you just go?”

Annie opened her mouth, struggling, but her voice cracked into silence. Her face crumpled, and she pressed her forehead into her knees. Her next words were so faint they barely surfaced. “I thought I had more time.”

She sounded broken.

Maya muttered something under her breath and stalked out, her footsteps loud in the quiet room.

Darcy lingered, unable to move. She watched the girl who had been their friend collapse inward, drowning in her own shame. But she said nothing. Not then. Not later.

She never apologised.

And maybe, deep down, she’d never truly understood why it had happened ... until now.

——————————-

The spray pounded down harder now, a rhythmic staccato across Darcy’s shoulders. Her skin stung from how long she’d been under, but she didn’t move. Her hands were pressed to the wall, eyes shut tight. That memory, buried so long, had returned uninvited. And worse, she knew now how it felt. The disbelief. The betrayal of your own body. The humiliation that hit like a wave and left you gasping.

She let out a low, shaky breath. The kind that trembles in your chest before it escapes.

How easy it had been, back then, to judge Annie from a safe distance. To fold her arms and pretend that discomfort equalled empathy. But now? Now her own soaked jeans were proof of what she hadn’t understood. Not really. It wasn’t just wetting yourself. It was the collapse of trust in your body, in the idea that you were in control of anything.

She leaned her head back under the water. It streamed over her face, into her eyes, down her cheeks, mixing with the salt of tears she hadn’t realised were still falling. It wasn’t just embarrassment. It was grief, in some shapeless, wordless form. Grief for the girl in the mirror. Grief for Annie. Grief for what she’d said. What she hadn’t said.

Her hands trembled. She stared at them. Red from the heat. Raw at the fingertips where she’d scrubbed too hard.

I thought I had more time.

Annie’s voice echoed again, warped by memory but painfully clear.

Darcy turned, rested her back against the tile, slid down into a crouch beneath the stream. The water hit her knees now, pooling slightly around her ankles. She wrapped her arms around herself. There was no dignity in it. No pretence left to hold. Just the water, and the heat, and the deep, echoing shame.

But beneath that shame, something else stirred. Not strength exactly. Not yet. But understanding. A thread of it, thin and trembling.

I thought I had more time.

She had judged Annie like someone who didn’t believe it could happen to her. But it had. It did. And now, she finally understood.

Darcy exhaled. A long, slow breath that left her hollowed out.

Then, at last, she reached forward and turned the tap off. Silence fell in the cubicle, save for the soft drip of water from her hair.

She wrapped the towel tight, opened the door, and stepped into the misty stillness of the bathroom. The mirror had fogged over, but she wiped it clean with the heel of her hand. Stared at her reflection, eyes rimmed red, jaw clenched, cheeks flushed and damp. She looked at the girl in the glass. Not just shaken. Not just soaked. Smaller somehow. Less certain. More real.

Like Annie had looked.

Maybe it wasn’t just Annie who’d lost control back then.

Maybe they all had.

A loud, frantic bang on the bathroom door jolted her.

Then another. Faster, more frantic.

“Darcy?” It was Kitty. Her voice was tight. “Are you nearly done? I— I really need to go.”

Darcy blinked, heart still half-caught in the shame spiral. “Two minutes!” she called back, voice cracking from the steam.

There was a pause. Then a sharper knock. “Darcy, seriously, I’m—I can’t—just hurry, please!”

Darcy frowned, confused. “I said two minutes!”

But the tone in Kitty’s voice, panic, desperate panic, pricked at something raw in Darcy’s chest.

She reached to shut off the water and fumbled for a towel, trying not to slip on the slick tile floor.

She hadn’t even wrapped it around herself before Kitty burst in.

The door slammed open.

Kitty stood frozen for half a second, already yanking at the waistband of her leggings, eyes wide with sheer urgency.

“I’m sorry—I can’t wait—!”

She didn’t even register Darcy standing there, wet and towel-clad. Kitty shoved past her, yanked her joggers down mid-step, and collapsed onto the toilet in one graceless motion. The sound of urine hitting the bowl was immediate, loud, and almost violent in its relief. Kitty let out a low, unfiltered moan - not of pain, but of pure, overwhelming relief, her whole body sagging with the release.

Darcy stood in stunned silence, towel still clutched to her chest, blinking.

Kitty’s face was flushed. Not from embarrassment, at least not yet, but from the sheer physical toll of it. She sat hunched forward, elbows on her thighs, forehead nearly touching her knees.

Then it hit her. Slowly. Like her brain caught up to what her body had just done.

“Oh my God,” Kitty whispered. Her voice cracked. “I didn’t mean to … I didn’t think it would happen again. Not after—last time—”

She froze. Her eyes widened slightly, just for a second. She looked up at Darcy, and the blood drained from her face.

Darcy’s brow furrowed. “‘Again’?” she asked, cautiously. “What do you mean … again?”

Kitty said nothing. Just pressed her hand over her mouth like she wanted to push the words back in. There was something in her eyes, not just shame, but fear. She looked at Darcy like someone waiting to be judged. Darcy, the bold one. The loud one. The girl who wore eyeliner like war paint and always seemed so effortlessly in control. Kitty had spent most of first year quietly orbiting her, both intimidated and in awe. And now here she was, cracked open, exposed in a way she never meant to be.

Darcy watched her carefully, her own shame still clinging like steam. The image of Kitty rushing in, yanking her joggers down in desperation, mirrored her own frantic escape from the library stairwell. The memory was still fresh enough to sting.

“Kitty,” she said quietly. “What happened last time?”

Kitty didn’t answer right away. She flushed the toilet, stood slowly, then pulled her joggers back up with trembling hands. Her voice was barely audible when she finally spoke.

“It was at the start of the year. Like second week. I was wearing those tight jeans, you know, the blue ones with the stupid tiny button? I was wrestling with it, trying to get it undone, but my hands were shaking so bad ... I couldn’t do it in time. I ended up collapsing right there on the floor. And it just … happened. I wet myself. Right here. I didn’t make it.”

Darcy’s lips parted slightly, stunned. “You wet yourself?”

Kitty nodded once, eyes fixed on the floor.

“No one saw … well Rosie walked in by accident.” A bitter smile pulled at the corner of her mouth. “She hasn’t told a soul.”

Darcy felt something shift in her. Like a thread tugged loose.

Kitty looked up. Her eyes were still wide, searching Darcy's face for a flicker of judgment, but all she saw was stillness. “I didn’t think I’d ever tell you,” she said, voice thick with emotion. Then a breath escaped her, half a laugh, half a sob. “But I just did, didn’t I?” The words hung in the warm air between them, and something in Kitty's shoulders relaxed, the smallest uncoiling, like she’d been holding herself tight for far too long and had finally let go.

Darcy gave a slow, shallow nod. Her throat was suddenly dry.

And then, before she could think better of it, she said, “I pissed myself in the library tonight.”

Kitty’s head snapped toward her.

“I was working on that criminal law essay. Couldn’t tear myself away. Cans of Monster. Ten of them. I thought I could hold it. And then the bloody scanner wouldn’t read my card. I didn’t make it.”

She laughed once, humourless.

“I was so close. I actually got my jeans halfway down. But it still happened. I’m twenty, Kitty. I wet myself in public and then shoved my thong behind the laundry bin like a coward.” Her eyes moved towards the corner of the bathroom.

Kitty stared at her. Her expression was unreadable for a beat.

Then, slowly, her shoulders loosened, and something like disbelief flickered across her face.

“You?” she breathed, the word barely audible. “But—Darcy—you’re—”

She didn’t finish the sentence. She didn’t need to. Darcy knew what she meant. You’re confident. You’re fearless. You don’t let things like this happen.

Kitty's voice cracked, trembling on the edge of something too big to hold in. “I’ve been carrying it for months, scared you’d laugh, or be grossed out. I’ve been so ashamed. But hearing you say that ...” Her voice trailed off, but her eyes shimmered with a kind of astonished gratitude. “It means everything.”

A strange sound escaped her, part sob, part laugh. She collapsed a little against the sink, eyes wet. “I thought it was just me,” she whispered.

Darcy looked at her for a long moment. Then, without a word, she stepped forward and pulled Kitty into a one-armed hug.

For a second, Kitty didn’t move. Then she clutched back, arms tight, and let out a long, ragged breath.

Darcy didn’t say anything else. She didn’t need to.

They just stood there, damp and exhausted, relief curling through them like steam from the shower, hot and weightless.

And in that quiet, Kitty finally let herself believe she wasn’t alone.

Then her shoulders sagged. And she started to laugh. A real laugh this time. Shaky, embarrassed, but real.

Darcy laughed too. It started awkwardly but built quickly, sharp and breathless. A release.

"Maybe I haven’t ever told you this. Remember Annie in Room C, from first year? I was horrible," she murmured aloud. “She had an accident while we were all hanging out. I acted like she was disgusting. Like it was some kind of moral failure.”

Kitty blinked at her.

“I didn’t even let her explain,” Darcy continued. “And now here I am. Hiding my soaked jeans behind the bloody bin.”

They stood in silence.

Then Kitty reached forward and placed a hand lightly on Darcy’s wrist.

“Maybe you can text her,” she said softly.

Darcy gave her a long, haunted look.

“Maybe I will.”

There was a beat of quiet, and then Kitty added, “I’m glad you told me.”

“Yeah,” Darcy said. “Me too.”

Kitty looked like she might cry again, but this time, it wasn’t panic. It was relief.

They stood there, barefoot on the cold tile floor, two girls silently holding each other’s shame. Not pitying. Just understanding.

Outside the bathroom, the corridor light flickered.

Inside, they didn’t move.

And for the first time that day, Darcy didn’t feel alone.

The mirror above the sink had fogged completely, their reflections lost to steam. But Darcy didn’t need to see her face to know something had changed. The shame hadn’t vanished but it no longer sat alone. It had been seen, shared, softened. Maybe that was enough. Maybe that was how you start to come back from things - not with denial, or distance, but with someone sitting beside you on the cold tile floor, saying: me too.

*012*2025-07-06 10:18

Ch7

The front door clicks shut behind them with a soft thud, and for a moment the hallway sways slightly beneath Rosie’s feet. She blinks, holding onto the wall, Kitty giggling somewhere behind her as the two of them stumble inside, shoes in hand, limbs loose with alcohol and laughter.

It’s early. Or late. The sky outside has that faint pinkish glow of approaching dawn, a soft light that spills across the hallway tiles and turns Rosie’s sundress golden at the hem. The thin fabric clings slightly to her thighs, warm from the walk home and from the sweat of dancing. Her bare shoulders prickle in the cool hush of the house, but her chest still feels flushed from the heat of the club. Her hair is sticking faintly to the back of her neck, and a faint sheen of perspiration makes her skin shimmer faintly in the dim light.

Kitty, by contrast, looks like she’s just stepped out of a music video; flushed, hair tousled and sticking a little to her forehead, her clingy skirt riding up with every step, tight top stretched across her chest, nipples faintly visible through the fabric. Her skin seems to glow in the half-light, the soft curve of her waist catching the warm pink shimmer of dawn. She moves carelessly, beautifully, as if the night still pulses through her bones, and Rosie finds it harder and harder to keep her eyes from drifting back to her. Her movements are full of relaxed confidence - loose-limbed and feline - as if she belongs to the night more than the morning.

They’d gone especially hard tonight, it was the last student night of the year, their last real blowout before summer pulled them in different directions. Shots had been pressed into their hands before they’d even made it to the bar, friends shouting goodbyes and promises over thudding music. The whole club had throbbed with a kind of reckless urgency, as if everyone was trying to squeeze the entire year into a single night. Kitty had been particularly wild, dragging Rosie deeper into the crowd, ordering extra rounds, swaying with abandon to every beat. By the time they left, both girls were flushed and laughing, clutching each other for balance, their voices hoarse from singing along to every song.

Rosie keeps glancing away, pretending to fix her hair or study the floor, but it’s hopeless. Every time Kitty shifts, bends slightly, or tosses her head with a laugh, Rosie’s eyes follow like they’re caught on a string. It isn’t just that Kitty’s beautiful, though she is, achingly so, it’s the way she carries herself, so free and unfiltered, like the whole world is just an afterthought.

Rosie tries not to stare. Tries, and fails. Something flutters low in her belly.

“Shhh,” Kitty hisses dramatically as she kicks off her shoes. “Don’t wake the dragon.”

Rosie stifles a laugh. “Darcy’s not a dragon.”

“She is when she’s woken up before ten.” Kitty snorts, then pauses. “God. Remember when she actually shouted at us for boiling the kettle last week?”

“In her defence,” Rosie says, leaning against the banister, “you were singing to the kettle like it was a baby goat.”

“I was nurturing the tea process,” Kitty says, mock-offended, and then giggles. “I’m a very maternal person.”

Rosie rolls her eyes, and the two of them collapse into quiet giggles. Their limbs brush as they creep upstairs, Kitty leading the way, her bare feet silent on the carpet. Rosie’s gaze drops, briefly, involuntarily, to the sway of Kitty’s hips, then flicks away guiltily, her breath catching for half a second. Her fingers flex slightly against the banister. Her skin tingles with the accidental contact, and she’s hyperaware of every rustle of clothing, every creak of the stairs.

They reach the landing. Kitty turns, wobbling slightly, and catches Rosie’s wrist.

“My room?” she whispers, the word soft and laced with mischief.

Rosie nods. She doesn't trust herself to speak.

They tiptoe in. Kitty’s room is hazy and warm, the curtains half-open to the growing light. Clothes are strewn haphazardly across the floor, tops tangled with underwear, a bra draped over the back of a chair, and a pair of tights slumped like a shed skin beside the bed. A half-empty glass of rosé wobbles precariously on a stack of overdue library books. The desk is cluttered with makeup, tangled jewellery, and a broken hairbrush. A forgotten towel is curled in the corner like a sleeping animal. The air is thick with the scent of warm skin and faded perfume, lingering deodorant, fabric softener, and something sweetly musky that Rosie can’t name. Outside, birds are just beginning to stir, their faint calls blending with the distant hush of passing cars. The atmosphere feels suspended in time; dreamy, heady, and steeped in the intimacy of a space lived in fully.

Kitty flops back onto her unmade bed with a sigh, her skirt riding up slightly in the motion, revealing the delicate curve of her upper thighs and a flash of lace from her thong. “My legs are done,” she groans, letting her arms flop out to the sides. “I danced like a maniac.”

Rosie hesitates, then perches carefully on the very edge of the bed, acutely aware of Kitty's partial exposure. She doesn't want to seem awkward, but her gaze refuses to behave, flicking for a fraction of a second before she forces it away again. The mattress dips beneath her, the heat of Kitty’s body radiating outward, drawing her in like gravity. She can feel the warmth where their thighs nearly touch.

“You also had an admirer.”

Rosie blinks. “What?”

“At the bar.” Kitty turns her head toward her, smirking. “That guy. The one from last term. He couldn’t stop staring. Must still be into you.”

Rosie rolls her eyes, but her cheeks flush all the same. “Oh, please.”

“I’m serious! He looked like he was going to drool into his pint.”

“And yet he said nothing.”

“Coward,” Kitty says, wrinkling her nose. Then she grins, wickedly. “Still. He was watching you all night. Bet he remembers what you’re like in bed.”

Rosie’s face turns scarlet. “Kitty!”

Kitty leans in, eyes glinting. “Didn’t he say something about you being ‘carefree’? Sounds enticing.”

Rosie makes a sound halfway between a groan and a squeak. Her ears are burning. "Stop it!”

“What?” Kitty says innocently. “Just saying.”

“You are the worst.”

Kitty laughs, visibly pleased with herself, her eyes dancing with mischief. As she stretches, the motion pulls her top even tighter across her chest, the fabric clinging provocatively to her curves and lifting just enough to reveal a sliver of smooth, glowing stomach. It’s almost unconscious, the way her body moves, confident and teasing. Rosie’s eyes catch for a second too long on the outline of her breasts, and she looks away quickly, throat dry, heart fluttering unevenly. It feels as if Kitty is flaunting herself, maybe without realising it, or maybe not. There’s a casual eroticism in her movements that makes Rosie’s skin feel too tight.

“Well,” Rosie said after a pause, lifting her chin and trying to sound casual, “at least I didn’t nearly piss myself behind a bush like some people I could mention.”

Kitty’s eyes widened in mock outrage. “Excuse me!”

“I remember,” Rosie said, trying to suppress her grin. “That night with Darcy. You were like, one second away from exploding.”

“I did explode,” Kitty admitted, sitting up slightly. “Just … discreetly. Bush, knickers down, full stream. Darcy was howling.” She laughed, but then her smile wavered for a second. “Honestly, if my parents ever found out... God, they’d lose it. I was raised to be so... proper. Like, knees-together, say-please-thank-you, never even say ‘pee’ out loud.” She let out a short breath, then grinned again, masking the flicker of discomfort.

Rosie laughed, delight blooming in her chest. Kitty’s shamelessness was intoxicating. There was something about her, always had been, that drew Rosie in. The way she owned her body, her words, her messes. Especially now, when she could so casually speak about something that would have mortified most people. Kitty’s confidence wasn’t just bold - it was a rebellion.

Kitty tilted her head, but something flickered behind her grin. “Funny, actually. I was this close again tonight. I didn’t go before we left.”

She wriggled slightly on the bed, then reached down and pressed her thighs together. “Fuck. I kind of still am.” Her expression flickered with something between embarrassment and delight, and with a slow, almost teasing movement, she slipped a hand up under her skirt to press gently against her crotch. There’s something exaggerated in the gesture, theatrical, but also real. Desperation laced with flirtation, as if even now she’s not sure if she’s joking or testing something deeper. She groans softly and shifts again, face tense with the effort of holding it in, a breathy laugh catching in her throat.

Rosie’s whole body stilled.

It was absurd - childish, even - but watching Kitty squirm, flushed and breathless, skirt rumpled up around her waist, stirred something deep and electric inside her. Her body responded before her mind caught up: a flicker of heat, a pulse of desire so sudden and sharp it made her breath hitch. Her thighs pressed together instinctively, trying to hide the damp ache building between them. The dampness under her thong was unmistakable now; shocking, shameful, and vivid.

She felt it in her chest, too. A tremor. A flicker of guilt. This was Kitty, her friend. Her gorgeous, maddening, impossible friend. And Rosie wanted her. Wanted her in ways she couldn’t yet name, couldn’t yet look at fully. But in this moment, with Kitty’s flushed thighs shifting, her voice catching as she squeezed harder, Rosie could hardly breathe.

Kitty glances at her, then giggles. “I should probably go. If I stay on this bed, I’ll be the one sneaking down to wash sheets at four a.m., just like someone I know…”

Rosie’s breath catches. Her stomach swoops. “That’s not—Kitty—I didn’t—”

Kitty’s eyes twinkle with mischief. “I know, I know. I never saw anything, remember? You were just coincidentally washing your sheets in the kitchen at four a.m., totally not hiding anything.”

Rosie covers her face with her hands. Her cheeks are hot, and not just from the wine. “Oh my god.”

Kitty leans in, voice softer. “I never told anyone.”

Rosie peeks at her through her fingers. “Promise?”

“Swear. Pinky swear.” She holds out her little finger, and her expression has softened, just slightly. Her lips curve but her eyes hold something else, something warm, almost tender.

Rosie hooks it with hers. Their fingers linger a moment longer than necessary.

They sit like that for a moment. The air between them warm, strange, full.

Kitty flops back dramatically onto the bed with a theatrical groan, her back arching slightly as she squeezes her thighs tightly together. “I really can’t hold it,” she moans, her voice laced with exaggerated despair. Without quite thinking, Rosie lets herself lean back too, the mattress shifting beneath her as she settles beside Kitty, not touching, but close enough to feel the warmth radiating from her skin. Their bodies aren’t quite aligned, not side by side, but angled toward each other in the messy sprawl of shared space. The closeness makes Rosie dizzy.

Rosie, trying to ignore the sudden knot low in her belly, clears her throat. “Oh my god Kitty—just go!”

“I want to. But I also want to lie here and never move again.”

“You’re playing with fire.”

Kitty smiles, biting her lip slightly. “Feels kind of… nice, though. Weirdly. Like, I know I should get up, but I just want to sink into it.”

She wriggles again, more urgently this time. Her legs scissor slightly and she groans quietly, pressing her thighs tightly together, then slipping her hand under her skirt to press against herself again. The motion is both teasing and desperate, part performance, part instinct. Her cheeks are flushed, her breath coming quicker now. “Fuck,” she mutters. “It actually hurts a little.”

Rosie’s mouth goes dry. “You’re so... weird.”

“I’m honest.” Kitty tilts her head lazily, though her hips shift again as if she can’t help it. “You ever have that? When it’s so bad it starts to feel … good?”

Rosie doesn’t answer. She can’t. Heat pulses low in her stomach again, and her gaze slips to Kitty’s bare legs, now constantly shifting. Kitty’s drunkenness is written all over her, the way she slurs slightly, the dreamy look in her eyes, how she clearly doesn’t want to move even as her body protests. Rosie feels unsteady, like she’s drunk something stronger than wine. Her thong is damp, the sensation electric and humiliating and alive.

Kitty closes her eyes, but her smile lingers, soft and dangerous. Then, with a voice light as breath but edged in tease, she says, “You know what I think?”

Rosie glances at her, trying to steady her breathing. “What?”

“There’s something about losing control.” Kitty’s eyes flutter open, locking onto Rosie’s. “It’s kind of hot.”

She says it like a test, half a joke, half a dare, and when Rosie’s breath catches, when her thighs shift minutely on the bed, Kitty knows.

Her smile deepens, just barely. She’s found the answer she’s looking for.

The silence stretches. Kitty’s breathing is slow, measured. Rosie stares at her, at the soft curve of her mouth, the glow of dawn on her skin, the way her body shifts, subtly, holding in.

Then Kitty speaks again, voice low, eyes closed. “Do you like it?”

Rosie freezes. “Like... what?”

Kitty opens her eyes and turns toward her, slowly, until they’re face to face on the bed, just inches apart. The shift is subtle but electric, the hush between them deepening. Their noses almost touch. Rosie can feel Kitty’s breath on her cheek, warm and sweet with the last traces of wine.

“Desperation. Do you like watching me?”

Rosie’s stomach drops. Her whole body is suddenly alight with panic and something hotter.

“What are you—”

“I mean, you haven't taken your eyes off me...” Kitty says, eyes locked on hers.

Rosie swallows hard. Her mouth is dry. Her heartbeat thunders in her ears. “I didn’t mean—”

“Do you like it?” Kitty whispers again. The closeness of her voice, the raw softness of her tone, it breaks something open in Rosie.

Rosie’s heart skips. It’s not just embarrassment anymore, it’s something tender, terrifying. Kitty isn’t just teasing. She’s asking. She opens her mouth, but nothing comes out. She is trembling. Her cheeks burn. Her core aches. She wants to disappear. She wants to lean forward and kiss Kitty until the question doesn’t matter anymore.

Kitty doesn’t move, but her eyes don’t waver. Her smile is the faintest thing, unreadable and gentle. And behind it, something bold, a flicker of satisfaction. Of knowing.

And then Rosie, unable to help herself, leans in slowly.

The kiss is soft, a gentle question pressed to Kitty’s lips. Time seems to still in that quiet moment, the warmth of their breaths mingling, the faint rustle of skin against fabric. Rosie can feel the tremor beneath Kitty’s calm - the barely contained urgency humming in her body, like a secret waiting to spill.

Kitty’s hand instinctively slides around Rosie’s neck, warm and light but firm, pulling her closer with a sensual, intimate grace. The contact sends a shiver down Rosie’s spine, igniting a fierce pulse in her chest. Her thong is now soaked, her pussy dripping with arousal.

Drawn by the softness of Kitty’s touch and the quiet urgency beneath it, Rosie’s hand moves almost without thinking, sliding down Kitty’s bare thigh. Her fingers trail light and tentative, seeking the thin fabric of Kitty’s thong, aching to know if Kitty is desperate, if she has leaked, if there is a damp patch.

Just as Rosie’s fingertips near that delicate line, Kitty shifts abruptly - pulling back a fraction. Her thighs press tightly together in a quick, almost imperceptible motion. There’s a flicker in her eyes, a flash of embarrassment, a quiet apology - and Rosie senses, without a word, that Kitty has leaked a little.

Rosie’s heart thuds in her chest. The faint dampness she almost touched lingers like a secret between them, delicate and intimate. She feels a flush of warmth, a rush of protectiveness and something tender she doesn’t quite understand.

Kitty’s small, guarded smile holds a shy vulnerability as she looks away, just enough to shield the moment from discovery.

Rosie’s hand hesitates, lingering just a breath too far, the warmth of what might have been still humming in the air between them. The unspoken closeness wraps around her like a fragile thread, delicate and electric.

The kiss breaks, fragile and unfinished, leaving a sweet ache lingering in the silence.

Outside, the pale light of dawn seeps in, soft and gentle - things will never be the same again.

*015*2025-08-10 07:09

{{On 7/8/2025 at 2:10 PM, WetFairy said:

Damn they hooked up! never would have guessed, but now this might fuck up yhe group

Are they into pee?

}}

You’ll have to wait and see…

I’m currently abroad / taking vacation … don’t worry - this story has not ended abruptly! I will be back this week 🙂

