The Journal

Author: BarneyOMO

*011*2025-06-29 09:52

Ch. 6

Steam curled in thick, lazy trails from beneath the bathroom door, clinging to the hallway wallpaper like a veil. Inside, Darcy stood under the shower head, eyes closed, arms limp by her sides, letting the near-scalding water hammer down over her skin. The sound was deafening, but not enough to drown out the looping voice in her head: You wet yourself in the library.

She’d scrubbed her thighs three times already. Her soaked jeans were bundled behind the laundry bin, hidden like contraband. Her ruined thong was wrapped in so much toilet paper it looked like a snowball. The shame clung harder than the damp fabric had. It wasn’t just the loss of control, it was the nearness. She had been seconds away. Inches. The stall door had shut behind her. And still.

Darcy leaned forward, forehead against the slick tile wall, heart aching with something heavier than embarrassment. It was the image of herself she couldn’t shake: the clenched jaw, the twitching thigh, the too-silent walk through the gates. No one had seen her. But she had seen her.

She could still feel the way her jeans had stuck to her thighs, the cooling wetness making the walk home unbearable. Every step was a reminder. Every glance around was a small prayer that no one would notice.

And yet, this wasn’t unfamiliar. Not entirely.

As her mind drifted, a distant memory pushed forward; warm, sharp, and painfully vivid.

——————————-

Darcy remembered the exact feel of the duvet: slightly lumpy, pale pink with a ridiculous pug-print that Annie had insisted was “ironically cute.” They were crammed shoulder to shoulder, herself, Annie and Maya on Annie's narrow single bed, papers and snack wrappers strewn between them. The air smelled of crisps, cheap perfume, and the faint must of unwashed laundry. Revision had turned lazy hours ago. They’d been at it for hours, snacking and cramming for a torturous exam the next morning. Cans of Coke Zero, half-eaten biscuits, and highlighters littered the duvet. The room buzzed with caffeine and stress.

Laughter still bubbled at the edges of their chatter, but Annie had grown quiet.

She’d been wriggling for a while, crossing and uncrossing her legs, shifting to her side, bouncing a highlighter cap against her thigh in an erratic rhythm. Her smile had become fixed, her eyes strained. Her laugh came too quick or too late. Darcy had barely noticed at first, absorbed in Maya’s rant about a hungover seminar leader who couldn’t tell the Theft Act from tort law.

But Annie’s fidgeting became impossible to ignore. She started bouncing one leg, heel thudding softly against the mattress, her hand gripping the edge of the bed like it anchored her to the world.

“Oh my god, Annie,” Maya said, her voice half-laughing, half-disbelieving. “You look like you’re about to wee yourself.” She still didn’t glance up from her notes, but there was a sly grin tugging at the corner of her mouth.

“I’m fine,” Annie said quickly, voice tight, her eyes flicking toward the en-suite door scanning for an escape route. She pressed her thighs together beneath the cluttered duvet, fingers twitching against the bed’s edge. Her breath was becoming more shallow, but she forced a smile, hoping, praying, that the others wouldn’t notice the growing, undeniable pressure clawing at her insides.

Darcy glanced sideways. “You’ve been moving around like a worm for twenty minutes.”

“I just don’t want to lose my train of thought,” Annie replied, a little too fast, trying to maintain her composure.

“That train’s gone, babe,” Maya said, smirking.

But then, something shifted. The lightness in the room drained. Darcy felt it before she saw it; a hush, a sudden, thick pause in the air. Annie suddenly went still, spine rigid, jaw clenched. Her thighs pressed tightly together as if sheer force of will might undo biology. Her eyes flicked toward the en-suite door in desperation, scanning for an escape that no longer existed.

Unbeknownst to the others at first, a faint, darker patch appeared beneath Annie’s hip, blooming like a shadow across the pink duvet. It started small, a subtle change in colour, almost deniable. She flinched, trying to adjust her position, but that only worsened the spread. She held her breath, rigid, silently praying no one had noticed.

But Darcy’s gaze dropped to the sheets. Her eyes narrowed.

“Wait... is that—” she said slowly, leaning in slightly. “Annie, is that what I think it is?”

“No!” Annie said sharply, panic breaking through in her voice. Her cheeks were flushed with heat, her eyes wide. “It’s not ... I just spilled something—”

But even as she spoke, the discolouration deepened, spreading more rapidly now. A dark stain fanned outward beneath her, seeping into the duvet, blooming like ink in water. It was no longer deniable.

“Oh my god,” Maya said, her voice turning sharp, cruel with disbelief. “Are you seriously peeing right now?”

Annie’s mouth opened, but no words came. Her throat moved as if she were trying to form something, anything, but only shallow gasps escaped. Her body trembled violently, her limbs frozen with the weight of disbelief and horror.

Darcy’s eyes widened in horrified disbelief. “Annie…” she whispered, her voice catching. “You’re actually ... you’re wetting yourself.”

The damp had soaked fully through her leggings now, spreading over her lap in a dark, glistening patch. The fabric clung awkwardly to her thighs and bottom, outlining her shame in cruel detail. The spreading warmth moved beneath her, saturating the bed and her clothes. Her legs shook. A faint, unmistakable scent lifted in the air: warm, human, humiliating.

Her hand flew to her mouth. A whimper broke through, helpless, raw. Her eyes brimmed with tears, disbelief cracking across her face.

Maya recoiled. “That’s actually disgusting,” she spat. “What the hell, Annie?” Her disgust was sharp - but there was something else behind it. Fear?

Annie tried again to speak, but her voice failed her. She looked like a statue cracked at the core, breath hitching, her whole body locked in place. Then her lips parted, soundless, trembling. A sob escaped, strangled and thin.

Darcy stood, arms folded, trying not to look at the wet patch darkening beneath Annie. “Why didn’t you say something?”

Annie opened her mouth, barely audible, she rasped, “I thought I could hold it …” Her whole body trembled violently, fingers clawing at the duvet like she was trying to burrow into it, to disappear entirely. Her face was streaked with tears now, mouth open in a silent sob. Her eyes were wide, glazed with shock. The bed beneath her was soaked, the evidence of her failure unmistakable, irreversible. “I thought I had more time,” she whispered, the words trembling on the edge of a breakdown, like saying them might make it un-happen.

Maya’s face twisted in disgust. “That’s disgusting. You could’ve just gone.”

“I didn’t want to leave and come back and be behind ... I didn’t want to miss anything,” Annie said, voice cracking. Her face was crimson, blotchy with heat and shame, tears now leaking freely down her cheeks.

Darcy just stood there, arms crossed, biting the inside of her cheek. She remembered the silence, how it had felt safer than trying to comfort someone she didn’t understand. She had stood there, arms crossed, thinking her own discomfort was enough. But now…

Annie folded in on herself, trembling, her knees drawn to her chest like she could curl into nothing. Her breaths came in uneven shudders, her arms wrapped around her legs so tightly her knuckles blanched. The stain continued to spread beneath her, dark and merciless.

Her lips parted, but no words came. Her mouth trembled, her eyes glassy with panic and disbelief. “I didn’t think it would actually happen,” she finally choked. “I thought I could control it.”

Darcy’s mouth opened, but what came out was sharper than she intended. “Well, it did. On your bed. While we were all sitting here.”

There was a beat of heavy silence.

Maya scoffed, half-laughing in disbelief. “Jesus, Annie. That’s actually gross.”

Annie’s shoulders jerked with a dry sob. She ducked her head lower, as though she could vanish between her knees, her entire body shaking.

Darcy felt the guilt prick hot and fast in her chest, but she still couldn’t stop herself. “Why wouldn’t you just go?”

Annie opened her mouth, struggling, but her voice cracked into silence. Her face crumpled, and she pressed her forehead into her knees. Her next words were so faint they barely surfaced. “I thought I had more time.”

She sounded broken.

Maya muttered something under her breath and stalked out, her footsteps loud in the quiet room.

Darcy lingered, unable to move. She watched the girl who had been their friend collapse inward, drowning in her own shame. But she said nothing. Not then. Not later.

She never apologised.

And maybe, deep down, she’d never truly understood why it had happened ... until now.

——————————-

The spray pounded down harder now, a rhythmic staccato across Darcy’s shoulders. Her skin stung from how long she’d been under, but she didn’t move. Her hands were pressed to the wall, eyes shut tight. That memory, buried so long, had returned uninvited. And worse, she knew now how it felt. The disbelief. The betrayal of your own body. The humiliation that hit like a wave and left you gasping.

She let out a low, shaky breath. The kind that trembles in your chest before it escapes.

How easy it had been, back then, to judge Annie from a safe distance. To fold her arms and pretend that discomfort equalled empathy. But now? Now her own soaked jeans were proof of what she hadn’t understood. Not really. It wasn’t just wetting yourself. It was the collapse of trust in your body, in the idea that you were in control of anything.

She leaned her head back under the water. It streamed over her face, into her eyes, down her cheeks, mixing with the salt of tears she hadn’t realised were still falling. It wasn’t just embarrassment. It was grief, in some shapeless, wordless form. Grief for the girl in the mirror. Grief for Annie. Grief for what she’d said. What she hadn’t said.

Her hands trembled. She stared at them. Red from the heat. Raw at the fingertips where she’d scrubbed too hard.

I thought I had more time.

Annie’s voice echoed again, warped by memory but painfully clear.

Darcy turned, rested her back against the tile, slid down into a crouch beneath the stream. The water hit her knees now, pooling slightly around her ankles. She wrapped her arms around herself. There was no dignity in it. No pretence left to hold. Just the water, and the heat, and the deep, echoing shame.

But beneath that shame, something else stirred. Not strength exactly. Not yet. But understanding. A thread of it, thin and trembling.

I thought I had more time.

She had judged Annie like someone who didn’t believe it could happen to her. But it had. It did. And now, she finally understood.

Darcy exhaled. A long, slow breath that left her hollowed out.

Then, at last, she reached forward and turned the tap off. Silence fell in the cubicle, save for the soft drip of water from her hair.

She wrapped the towel tight, opened the door, and stepped into the misty stillness of the bathroom. The mirror had fogged over, but she wiped it clean with the heel of her hand. Stared at her reflection, eyes rimmed red, jaw clenched, cheeks flushed and damp. She looked at the girl in the glass. Not just shaken. Not just soaked. Smaller somehow. Less certain. More real.

Like Annie had looked.

Maybe it wasn’t just Annie who’d lost control back then.

Maybe they all had.

A loud, frantic bang on the bathroom door jolted her.

Then another. Faster, more frantic.

“Darcy?” It was Kitty. Her voice was tight. “Are you nearly done? I— I really need to go.”

Darcy blinked, heart still half-caught in the shame spiral. “Two minutes!” she called back, voice cracking from the steam.

There was a pause. Then a sharper knock. “Darcy, seriously, I’m—I can’t—just hurry, please!”

Darcy frowned, confused. “I said two minutes!”

But the tone in Kitty’s voice, panic, desperate panic, pricked at something raw in Darcy’s chest.

She reached to shut off the water and fumbled for a towel, trying not to slip on the slick tile floor.

She hadn’t even wrapped it around herself before Kitty burst in.

The door slammed open.

Kitty stood frozen for half a second, already yanking at the waistband of her leggings, eyes wide with sheer urgency.

“I’m sorry—I can’t wait—!”

She didn’t even register Darcy standing there, wet and towel-clad. Kitty shoved past her, yanked her joggers down mid-step, and collapsed onto the toilet in one graceless motion. The sound of urine hitting the bowl was immediate, loud, and almost violent in its relief. Kitty let out a low, unfiltered moan - not of pain, but of pure, overwhelming relief, her whole body sagging with the release.

Darcy stood in stunned silence, towel still clutched to her chest, blinking.

Kitty’s face was flushed. Not from embarrassment, at least not yet, but from the sheer physical toll of it. She sat hunched forward, elbows on her thighs, forehead nearly touching her knees.

Then it hit her. Slowly. Like her brain caught up to what her body had just done.

“Oh my God,” Kitty whispered. Her voice cracked. “I didn’t mean to … I didn’t think it would happen again. Not after—last time—”

She froze. Her eyes widened slightly, just for a second. She looked up at Darcy, and the blood drained from her face.

Darcy’s brow furrowed. “‘Again’?” she asked, cautiously. “What do you mean … again?”

Kitty said nothing. Just pressed her hand over her mouth like she wanted to push the words back in. There was something in her eyes, not just shame, but fear. She looked at Darcy like someone waiting to be judged. Darcy, the bold one. The loud one. The girl who wore eyeliner like war paint and always seemed so effortlessly in control. Kitty had spent most of first year quietly orbiting her, both intimidated and in awe. And now here she was, cracked open, exposed in a way she never meant to be.

Darcy watched her carefully, her own shame still clinging like steam. The image of Kitty rushing in, yanking her joggers down in desperation, mirrored her own frantic escape from the library stairwell. The memory was still fresh enough to sting.

“Kitty,” she said quietly. “What happened last time?”

Kitty didn’t answer right away. She flushed the toilet, stood slowly, then pulled her joggers back up with trembling hands. Her voice was barely audible when she finally spoke.

“It was at the start of the year. Like second week. I was wearing those tight jeans, you know, the blue ones with the stupid tiny button? I was wrestling with it, trying to get it undone, but my hands were shaking so bad ... I couldn’t do it in time. I ended up collapsing right there on the floor. And it just … happened. I wet myself. Right here. I didn’t make it.”

Darcy’s lips parted slightly, stunned. “You wet yourself?”

Kitty nodded once, eyes fixed on the floor.

“No one saw … well Rosie walked in by accident.” A bitter smile pulled at the corner of her mouth. “She hasn’t told a soul.”

Darcy felt something shift in her. Like a thread tugged loose.

Kitty looked up. Her eyes were still wide, searching Darcy's face for a flicker of judgment, but all she saw was stillness. “I didn’t think I’d ever tell you,” she said, voice thick with emotion. Then a breath escaped her, half a laugh, half a sob. “But I just did, didn’t I?” The words hung in the warm air between them, and something in Kitty's shoulders relaxed, the smallest uncoiling, like she’d been holding herself tight for far too long and had finally let go.

Darcy gave a slow, shallow nod. Her throat was suddenly dry.

And then, before she could think better of it, she said, “I pissed myself in the library tonight.”

Kitty’s head snapped toward her.

“I was working on that criminal law essay. Couldn’t tear myself away. Cans of Monster. Ten of them. I thought I could hold it. And then the bloody scanner wouldn’t read my card. I didn’t make it.”

She laughed once, humourless.

“I was so close. I actually got my jeans halfway down. But it still happened. I’m twenty, Kitty. I wet myself in public and then shoved my thong behind the laundry bin like a coward.” Her eyes moved towards the corner of the bathroom.

Kitty stared at her. Her expression was unreadable for a beat.

Then, slowly, her shoulders loosened, and something like disbelief flickered across her face.

“You?” she breathed, the word barely audible. “But—Darcy—you’re—”

She didn’t finish the sentence. She didn’t need to. Darcy knew what she meant. You’re confident. You’re fearless. You don’t let things like this happen.

Kitty's voice cracked, trembling on the edge of something too big to hold in. “I’ve been carrying it for months, scared you’d laugh, or be grossed out. I’ve been so ashamed. But hearing you say that ...” Her voice trailed off, but her eyes shimmered with a kind of astonished gratitude. “It means everything.”

A strange sound escaped her, part sob, part laugh. She collapsed a little against the sink, eyes wet. “I thought it was just me,” she whispered.

Darcy looked at her for a long moment. Then, without a word, she stepped forward and pulled Kitty into a one-armed hug.

For a second, Kitty didn’t move. Then she clutched back, arms tight, and let out a long, ragged breath.

Darcy didn’t say anything else. She didn’t need to.

They just stood there, damp and exhausted, relief curling through them like steam from the shower, hot and weightless.

And in that quiet, Kitty finally let herself believe she wasn’t alone.

Then her shoulders sagged. And she started to laugh. A real laugh this time. Shaky, embarrassed, but real.

Darcy laughed too. It started awkwardly but built quickly, sharp and breathless. A release.

"Maybe I haven’t ever told you this. Remember Annie in Room C, from first year? I was horrible," she murmured aloud. “She had an accident while we were all hanging out. I acted like she was disgusting. Like it was some kind of moral failure.”

Kitty blinked at her.

“I didn’t even let her explain,” Darcy continued. “And now here I am. Hiding my soaked jeans behind the bloody bin.”

They stood in silence.

Then Kitty reached forward and placed a hand lightly on Darcy’s wrist.

“Maybe you can text her,” she said softly.

Darcy gave her a long, haunted look.

“Maybe I will.”

There was a beat of quiet, and then Kitty added, “I’m glad you told me.”

“Yeah,” Darcy said. “Me too.”

Kitty looked like she might cry again, but this time, it wasn’t panic. It was relief.

They stood there, barefoot on the cold tile floor, two girls silently holding each other’s shame. Not pitying. Just understanding.

Outside the bathroom, the corridor light flickered.

Inside, they didn’t move.

And for the first time that day, Darcy didn’t feel alone.

The mirror above the sink had fogged completely, their reflections lost to steam. But Darcy didn’t need to see her face to know something had changed. The shame hadn’t vanished but it no longer sat alone. It had been seen, shared, softened. Maybe that was enough. Maybe that was how you start to come back from things - not with denial, or distance, but with someone sitting beside you on the cold tile floor, saying: me too.

*012*2025-07-06 10:18

Ch7

The front door clicks shut behind them with a soft thud, and for a moment the hallway sways slightly beneath Rosie’s feet. She blinks, holding onto the wall, Kitty giggling somewhere behind her as the two of them stumble inside, shoes in hand, limbs loose with alcohol and laughter.

It’s early. Or late. The sky outside has that faint pinkish glow of approaching dawn, a soft light that spills across the hallway tiles and turns Rosie’s sundress golden at the hem. The thin fabric clings slightly to her thighs, warm from the walk home and from the sweat of dancing. Her bare shoulders prickle in the cool hush of the house, but her chest still feels flushed from the heat of the club. Her hair is sticking faintly to the back of her neck, and a faint sheen of perspiration makes her skin shimmer faintly in the dim light.

Kitty, by contrast, looks like she’s just stepped out of a music video; flushed, hair tousled and sticking a little to her forehead, her clingy skirt riding up with every step, tight top stretched across her chest, nipples faintly visible through the fabric. Her skin seems to glow in the half-light, the soft curve of her waist catching the warm pink shimmer of dawn. She moves carelessly, beautifully, as if the night still pulses through her bones, and Rosie finds it harder and harder to keep her eyes from drifting back to her. Her movements are full of relaxed confidence - loose-limbed and feline - as if she belongs to the night more than the morning.

They’d gone especially hard tonight, it was the last student night of the year, their last real blowout before summer pulled them in different directions. Shots had been pressed into their hands before they’d even made it to the bar, friends shouting goodbyes and promises over thudding music. The whole club had throbbed with a kind of reckless urgency, as if everyone was trying to squeeze the entire year into a single night. Kitty had been particularly wild, dragging Rosie deeper into the crowd, ordering extra rounds, swaying with abandon to every beat. By the time they left, both girls were flushed and laughing, clutching each other for balance, their voices hoarse from singing along to every song.

Rosie keeps glancing away, pretending to fix her hair or study the floor, but it’s hopeless. Every time Kitty shifts, bends slightly, or tosses her head with a laugh, Rosie’s eyes follow like they’re caught on a string. It isn’t just that Kitty’s beautiful, though she is, achingly so, it’s the way she carries herself, so free and unfiltered, like the whole world is just an afterthought.

Rosie tries not to stare. Tries, and fails. Something flutters low in her belly.

“Shhh,” Kitty hisses dramatically as she kicks off her shoes. “Don’t wake the dragon.”

Rosie stifles a laugh. “Darcy’s not a dragon.”

“She is when she’s woken up before ten.” Kitty snorts, then pauses. “God. Remember when she actually shouted at us for boiling the kettle last week?”

“In her defence,” Rosie says, leaning against the banister, “you were singing to the kettle like it was a baby goat.”

“I was nurturing the tea process,” Kitty says, mock-offended, and then giggles. “I’m a very maternal person.”

Rosie rolls her eyes, and the two of them collapse into quiet giggles. Their limbs brush as they creep upstairs, Kitty leading the way, her bare feet silent on the carpet. Rosie’s gaze drops, briefly, involuntarily, to the sway of Kitty’s hips, then flicks away guiltily, her breath catching for half a second. Her fingers flex slightly against the banister. Her skin tingles with the accidental contact, and she’s hyperaware of every rustle of clothing, every creak of the stairs.

They reach the landing. Kitty turns, wobbling slightly, and catches Rosie’s wrist.

“My room?” she whispers, the word soft and laced with mischief.

Rosie nods. She doesn't trust herself to speak.

They tiptoe in. Kitty’s room is hazy and warm, the curtains half-open to the growing light. Clothes are strewn haphazardly across the floor, tops tangled with underwear, a bra draped over the back of a chair, and a pair of tights slumped like a shed skin beside the bed. A half-empty glass of rosé wobbles precariously on a stack of overdue library books. The desk is cluttered with makeup, tangled jewellery, and a broken hairbrush. A forgotten towel is curled in the corner like a sleeping animal. The air is thick with the scent of warm skin and faded perfume, lingering deodorant, fabric softener, and something sweetly musky that Rosie can’t name. Outside, birds are just beginning to stir, their faint calls blending with the distant hush of passing cars. The atmosphere feels suspended in time; dreamy, heady, and steeped in the intimacy of a space lived in fully.

Kitty flops back onto her unmade bed with a sigh, her skirt riding up slightly in the motion, revealing the delicate curve of her upper thighs and a flash of lace from her thong. “My legs are done,” she groans, letting her arms flop out to the sides. “I danced like a maniac.”

Rosie hesitates, then perches carefully on the very edge of the bed, acutely aware of Kitty's partial exposure. She doesn't want to seem awkward, but her gaze refuses to behave, flicking for a fraction of a second before she forces it away again. The mattress dips beneath her, the heat of Kitty’s body radiating outward, drawing her in like gravity. She can feel the warmth where their thighs nearly touch.

“You also had an admirer.”

Rosie blinks. “What?”

“At the bar.” Kitty turns her head toward her, smirking. “That guy. The one from last term. He couldn’t stop staring. Must still be into you.”

Rosie rolls her eyes, but her cheeks flush all the same. “Oh, please.”

“I’m serious! He looked like he was going to drool into his pint.”

“And yet he said nothing.”

“Coward,” Kitty says, wrinkling her nose. Then she grins, wickedly. “Still. He was watching you all night. Bet he remembers what you’re like in bed.”

Rosie’s face turns scarlet. “Kitty!”

Kitty leans in, eyes glinting. “Didn’t he say something about you being ‘carefree’? Sounds enticing.”

Rosie makes a sound halfway between a groan and a squeak. Her ears are burning. "Stop it!”

“What?” Kitty says innocently. “Just saying.”

“You are the worst.”

Kitty laughs, visibly pleased with herself, her eyes dancing with mischief. As she stretches, the motion pulls her top even tighter across her chest, the fabric clinging provocatively to her curves and lifting just enough to reveal a sliver of smooth, glowing stomach. It’s almost unconscious, the way her body moves, confident and teasing. Rosie’s eyes catch for a second too long on the outline of her breasts, and she looks away quickly, throat dry, heart fluttering unevenly. It feels as if Kitty is flaunting herself, maybe without realising it, or maybe not. There’s a casual eroticism in her movements that makes Rosie’s skin feel too tight.

“Well,” Rosie said after a pause, lifting her chin and trying to sound casual, “at least I didn’t nearly piss myself behind a bush like some people I could mention.”

Kitty’s eyes widened in mock outrage. “Excuse me!”

“I remember,” Rosie said, trying to suppress her grin. “That night with Darcy. You were like, one second away from exploding.”

“I did explode,” Kitty admitted, sitting up slightly. “Just … discreetly. Bush, knickers down, full stream. Darcy was howling.” She laughed, but then her smile wavered for a second. “Honestly, if my parents ever found out... God, they’d lose it. I was raised to be so... proper. Like, knees-together, say-please-thank-you, never even say ‘pee’ out loud.” She let out a short breath, then grinned again, masking the flicker of discomfort.

Rosie laughed, delight blooming in her chest. Kitty’s shamelessness was intoxicating. There was something about her, always had been, that drew Rosie in. The way she owned her body, her words, her messes. Especially now, when she could so casually speak about something that would have mortified most people. Kitty’s confidence wasn’t just bold - it was a rebellion.

Kitty tilted her head, but something flickered behind her grin. “Funny, actually. I was this close again tonight. I didn’t go before we left.”

She wriggled slightly on the bed, then reached down and pressed her thighs together. “Fuck. I kind of still am.” Her expression flickered with something between embarrassment and delight, and with a slow, almost teasing movement, she slipped a hand up under her skirt to press gently against her crotch. There’s something exaggerated in the gesture, theatrical, but also real. Desperation laced with flirtation, as if even now she’s not sure if she’s joking or testing something deeper. She groans softly and shifts again, face tense with the effort of holding it in, a breathy laugh catching in her throat.

Rosie’s whole body stilled.

It was absurd - childish, even - but watching Kitty squirm, flushed and breathless, skirt rumpled up around her waist, stirred something deep and electric inside her. Her body responded before her mind caught up: a flicker of heat, a pulse of desire so sudden and sharp it made her breath hitch. Her thighs pressed together instinctively, trying to hide the damp ache building between them. The dampness under her thong was unmistakable now; shocking, shameful, and vivid.

She felt it in her chest, too. A tremor. A flicker of guilt. This was Kitty, her friend. Her gorgeous, maddening, impossible friend. And Rosie wanted her. Wanted her in ways she couldn’t yet name, couldn’t yet look at fully. But in this moment, with Kitty’s flushed thighs shifting, her voice catching as she squeezed harder, Rosie could hardly breathe.

Kitty glances at her, then giggles. “I should probably go. If I stay on this bed, I’ll be the one sneaking down to wash sheets at four a.m., just like someone I know…”

Rosie’s breath catches. Her stomach swoops. “That’s not—Kitty—I didn’t—”

Kitty’s eyes twinkle with mischief. “I know, I know. I never saw anything, remember? You were just coincidentally washing your sheets in the kitchen at four a.m., totally not hiding anything.”

Rosie covers her face with her hands. Her cheeks are hot, and not just from the wine. “Oh my god.”

Kitty leans in, voice softer. “I never told anyone.”

Rosie peeks at her through her fingers. “Promise?”

“Swear. Pinky swear.” She holds out her little finger, and her expression has softened, just slightly. Her lips curve but her eyes hold something else, something warm, almost tender.

Rosie hooks it with hers. Their fingers linger a moment longer than necessary.

They sit like that for a moment. The air between them warm, strange, full.

Kitty flops back dramatically onto the bed with a theatrical groan, her back arching slightly as she squeezes her thighs tightly together. “I really can’t hold it,” she moans, her voice laced with exaggerated despair. Without quite thinking, Rosie lets herself lean back too, the mattress shifting beneath her as she settles beside Kitty, not touching, but close enough to feel the warmth radiating from her skin. Their bodies aren’t quite aligned, not side by side, but angled toward each other in the messy sprawl of shared space. The closeness makes Rosie dizzy.

Rosie, trying to ignore the sudden knot low in her belly, clears her throat. “Oh my god Kitty—just go!”

“I want to. But I also want to lie here and never move again.”

“You’re playing with fire.”

Kitty smiles, biting her lip slightly. “Feels kind of… nice, though. Weirdly. Like, I know I should get up, but I just want to sink into it.”

She wriggles again, more urgently this time. Her legs scissor slightly and she groans quietly, pressing her thighs tightly together, then slipping her hand under her skirt to press against herself again. The motion is both teasing and desperate, part performance, part instinct. Her cheeks are flushed, her breath coming quicker now. “Fuck,” she mutters. “It actually hurts a little.”

Rosie’s mouth goes dry. “You’re so... weird.”

“I’m honest.” Kitty tilts her head lazily, though her hips shift again as if she can’t help it. “You ever have that? When it’s so bad it starts to feel … good?”

Rosie doesn’t answer. She can’t. Heat pulses low in her stomach again, and her gaze slips to Kitty’s bare legs, now constantly shifting. Kitty’s drunkenness is written all over her, the way she slurs slightly, the dreamy look in her eyes, how she clearly doesn’t want to move even as her body protests. Rosie feels unsteady, like she’s drunk something stronger than wine. Her thong is damp, the sensation electric and humiliating and alive.

Kitty closes her eyes, but her smile lingers, soft and dangerous. Then, with a voice light as breath but edged in tease, she says, “You know what I think?”

Rosie glances at her, trying to steady her breathing. “What?”

“There’s something about losing control.” Kitty’s eyes flutter open, locking onto Rosie’s. “It’s kind of hot.”

She says it like a test, half a joke, half a dare, and when Rosie’s breath catches, when her thighs shift minutely on the bed, Kitty knows.

Her smile deepens, just barely. She’s found the answer she’s looking for.

The silence stretches. Kitty’s breathing is slow, measured. Rosie stares at her, at the soft curve of her mouth, the glow of dawn on her skin, the way her body shifts, subtly, holding in.

Then Kitty speaks again, voice low, eyes closed. “Do you like it?”

Rosie freezes. “Like... what?”

Kitty opens her eyes and turns toward her, slowly, until they’re face to face on the bed, just inches apart. The shift is subtle but electric, the hush between them deepening. Their noses almost touch. Rosie can feel Kitty’s breath on her cheek, warm and sweet with the last traces of wine.

“Desperation. Do you like watching me?”

Rosie’s stomach drops. Her whole body is suddenly alight with panic and something hotter.

“What are you—”

“I mean, you haven't taken your eyes off me...” Kitty says, eyes locked on hers.

Rosie swallows hard. Her mouth is dry. Her heartbeat thunders in her ears. “I didn’t mean—”

“Do you like it?” Kitty whispers again. The closeness of her voice, the raw softness of her tone, it breaks something open in Rosie.

Rosie’s heart skips. It’s not just embarrassment anymore, it’s something tender, terrifying. Kitty isn’t just teasing. She’s asking. She opens her mouth, but nothing comes out. She is trembling. Her cheeks burn. Her core aches. She wants to disappear. She wants to lean forward and kiss Kitty until the question doesn’t matter anymore.

Kitty doesn’t move, but her eyes don’t waver. Her smile is the faintest thing, unreadable and gentle. And behind it, something bold, a flicker of satisfaction. Of knowing.

And then Rosie, unable to help herself, leans in slowly.

The kiss is soft, a gentle question pressed to Kitty’s lips. Time seems to still in that quiet moment, the warmth of their breaths mingling, the faint rustle of skin against fabric. Rosie can feel the tremor beneath Kitty’s calm - the barely contained urgency humming in her body, like a secret waiting to spill.

Kitty’s hand instinctively slides around Rosie’s neck, warm and light but firm, pulling her closer with a sensual, intimate grace. The contact sends a shiver down Rosie’s spine, igniting a fierce pulse in her chest. Her thong is now soaked, her pussy dripping with arousal.

Drawn by the softness of Kitty’s touch and the quiet urgency beneath it, Rosie’s hand moves almost without thinking, sliding down Kitty’s bare thigh. Her fingers trail light and tentative, seeking the thin fabric of Kitty’s thong, aching to know if Kitty is desperate, if she has leaked, if there is a damp patch.

Just as Rosie’s fingertips near that delicate line, Kitty shifts abruptly - pulling back a fraction. Her thighs press tightly together in a quick, almost imperceptible motion. There’s a flicker in her eyes, a flash of embarrassment, a quiet apology - and Rosie senses, without a word, that Kitty has leaked a little.

Rosie’s heart thuds in her chest. The faint dampness she almost touched lingers like a secret between them, delicate and intimate. She feels a flush of warmth, a rush of protectiveness and something tender she doesn’t quite understand.

Kitty’s small, guarded smile holds a shy vulnerability as she looks away, just enough to shield the moment from discovery.

Rosie’s hand hesitates, lingering just a breath too far, the warmth of what might have been still humming in the air between them. The unspoken closeness wraps around her like a fragile thread, delicate and electric.

The kiss breaks, fragile and unfinished, leaving a sweet ache lingering in the silence.

Outside, the pale light of dawn seeps in, soft and gentle - things will never be the same again.

*015*2025-08-10 07:09

{{On 7/8/2025 at 2:10 PM, WetFairy said:

Damn they hooked up! never would have guessed, but now this might fuck up yhe group

Are they into pee?

}}

You’ll have to wait and see…

I’m currently abroad / taking vacation … don’t worry - this story has not ended abruptly! I will be back this week 🙂

*017*2025-09-20 10:07

Ch8

Rosie lay on her back, staring at the faint hairline crack running across the ceiling like a held breath, a jagged scar in the silent room. It had been only minutes since the kiss; still in bed, still in their night-out clothes. Rosie’s thin yellow sundress clung awkwardly against her skin, damp with the lingering heat of the club, then the crush of Kitty pressed against her. Kitty’s short skirt was bunched around her thighs, riding high, her tight top skewed where she had collapsed beside her, a crumpled memory of wild abandon. The room was hushed with after: after the laughter, after the kiss that still lingered on Rosie’s mouth like a stolen, forbidden word, potent and terrifying.

Kitty’s breathing came quick and shallow, each rise and fall edged with strain, a raw, tight sound, the kind you hear from someone holding back more than words, holding back a scream, a sob, or something more. The desperation that had nearly undone her on the walk home and in the bed hadn’t gone anywhere; it sat heavily in the dark, a palpable weight. Every minute shift in the mattress, every rustle of fabric, reminded Rosie how excruciatingly desperate Kitty had been to humiliation, to release, a terrifying precipice, only to find herself still teetering on its edge.

Rosie’s thighs pressed together under her sundress, a fever rising in her belly. She had been so close - so unbearably close - to finding out if Kitty had leaked while kissing her. The thought throbbed in her mind, a wild loop she couldn’t escape. The ache between her legs was fierce now, slick heat gathering where she needed it most. She wanted to press her hand there, to know the truth of her own arousal, to let herself break apart. She imagined Kitty losing control mid‑kiss, imagined feeling the hot rush against her thigh, imagined tasting both their shame and desire mingling. It was all she could think about, and it soaked through her with relentless insistence.

“Are you awake?” Kitty whispered, the sound almost lost in the suffocating quiet.

Rosie’s throat worked around a yes, a dry, tight knot of anticipation and fear. “Mm.”

Kitty turned, the mattress dipping as she rolled toward her, until they were face to face in the dark. Rosie could feel Kitty’s breath ghosting her cheek, quick and uneven, could see the glint of her eyes catching faint light. The closeness was unbearable and intoxicating at once, rethreading the tension of the kiss. Kitty shifted closer until their foreheads nearly touched. Rosie could smell the faint sweetness of her perfume, the salt of sweat. Their knees brushed, then their thighs, Kitty’s skirt inching higher with every restless squirm. Rosie’s pulse thundered. The nearness was a living thing, pulling them taut as bowstrings.

A beat, stretched thin like a wire about to snap. “I’ve never done that before,” Kitty said into the dark, her voice barely a thread, fragile and uncertain. “With a girl.”

The word girl stretched and shimmered between them, a dangerous new constellation. Rosie felt it change shape in her chest, a tremor of both terror and thrilling hope. “Me neither.”

Kitty made a small, relieved sound, a laugh evaporated into air, leaving only a puff of vulnerability. The mattress dipped as she turned again, the subtle movement sending a fresh jolt through Rosie. Rosie could sense her looking, the way you can sense a kettle before it boils, the pressure building, the heat rising. Their legs brushed again, calf to calf, an accident no one corrected, but every shift carried urgency, a desperate, silent plea. Kitty’s thighs pressed harder together, her skirt riding further up her hips until her thong was on show, her whole body taut against the sheer, terrifying risk of wetting herself right there, right now.

“I keep replaying it,” Kitty said, barely audible, her voice a fragile whisper against the pounding of Rosie’s own heart. “The kiss. How it started. How you… how you looked at me.”

Rosie shut her eyes, and behind her lids the image rose obediently, searing and vivid: the dim, bruised light of the room, Rosie herself leaning in, heart hammering a frantic rhythm against her ribs, catching the flicker of surprise - not aversion, but pure, stunned wonder - in Kitty’s wide eyes before their mouths met. Kitty’s breath had hitched, a sharp, ragged intake, then softened against her, lips warm and uncertain, questioning. The shock was less like a spark and more like sinking into warm, encompassing water, steadying and terrifying at once, an undeniable current pulling them both under. When Kitty’s hand had brushed Rosie’s neck, almost clinging, a desperate anchor, it had made the kiss feel inevitable, undeniably right. Kind. The kind of surprise that makes you laugh afterwards because of course it had to happen there, in that bed, between them, a dormant truth finally erupting.

“Do you regret it?” Kitty asked, her voice laced with a raw fear Rosie hadn’t anticipated.

“No.” Rosie’s voice came out steadier than she felt, a deliberate act of will. “Do you?”

Kitty hesitated, a lifetime in that pause, long enough for Rosie to imagine a dozen endings, each more devastating than the last, then: “No.” The word was barely exhaled, a fragile breath, but it held the weight of a universe.

The word hung between them, fragile and enormous, suddenly solidifying the space they shared.

Rosie’s chest swelled with something she couldn’t name, relief so profound it bordered on pain, awe that felt like a physical ache. She could still feel Kitty’s lips trembling against hers, the way her whole body had pressed closer even as her thighs writhed with a need that felt ancient and desperate. That double sensation: affection and desperation, surrender and struggle, burned in Rosie’s memory, setting her nerves alight, making her intensely aware of Kitty’s every tremor.

They lay with that. It filled the room like lamplight, illuminating the truth of them in the dark.

Somewhere, a fox barked, a sharp, lonely sound. Kitty gave a faint, unsteady laugh, a sound scraped from the raw edges of her control, then squeezed her thighs tighter beneath her skirt, in visible, agonising effort. The restless rub of fabric against fabric betrayed her battle, the silent, internal screaming. She was on the absolute verge of releasing the torrent; Rosie could see it in the sharp, shallow breaths, the nearly imperceptible quivers that ran through her, the hand twitching towards her lap like instinct, a desperate homing beacon. And Rosie, instead of recoiling, of feeling repulsed, found herself loving it - loving the terrifying rawness of it, the undeniable proof of Kitty’s body and the stark honesty in her struggle. It made her want to lean closer, to kiss her again, to keep watching the way this overwhelming need made her human and radiant all at once, dangerously exposed.

“Are you okay?” Rosie asked carefully, her voice hushed, as if speaking too loudly might break whatever fragile dam Kitty was holding back.

“Mm.” Kitty bit her lip, a tiny, almost imperceptible tremor running through her. Her body shivered once, a full-body spasm. Then she shifted deliberately, rolling her hips against the mattress with a muffled groan, half-teasing, half-genuine, but heavy with the weight of her suffering. “God, I’m so close right now … I could literally let go,” she whispered, eyes glinting in the dark with a desperate, wild light - teasing Rosie. Her hand brushed against her skirt as if daring Rosie to watch, to bear witness to her unraveling. 

For a flicker of a second, her fingers pressed between her thighs into her crotch - a tiny, betraying gasp escaping. Rosie’s breath caught, part worry, part something else, before Kitty straightened, jaw tense, mischievous defiance flashing through her genuine pain. She wriggled once more, hand still firmly between her thighs, the tremor in her breath unmistakable, a ragged sigh of near defeat. “… or maybe I just wanted to see your face while I tried not to … I’m fine.”

The word fine put its elbows on the hypothetical table and stared at Rosie until she looked back, until the lie was almost unbearable. Through the dim light, Rosie could see Kitty’s grin was crooked, strained, even through her discomfort, fighting a losing battle against the mounting pressure. It was the same crooked, defiant grin Rosie remembered from that night - the night Kitty had lost control in the bathroom, when she’d fumbled with her jeans and failed to pull them down in time. That same reckless glint flashed now, daring Rosie to look away, daring her to remember.

In the end, Kitty broke the stalemate with a strained, breathless laugh that was half-giggle, half-whimper. “Okay … If I don’t get up now, my poor mattress is doomed.” But she didn’t move at once. Instead, she wriggled deliberately, a slow, agonising grind of her hips against the mattress, letting out a theatrical groan that was layered with genuine agony. “God, it’s torture,” she whispered, half-teasing, half-pleading, her voice raw. Her hand hovered near her skirt, twitching, daring Rosie to keep looking, to keep watching this slow, delicious unraveling. “Imagine if I lost it here. You’d never forget it... you’d love it!”

Rosie’s face burned, a furious flush spreading across her cheeks, her pulse thudding a frantic rhythm in her ears, the words lodging in her chest like heat, like a burning, undeniable truth. Kitty leaned closer, her breath tickling Rosie’s ear, hot and urgent. “Do you remember that moment at the start of the year? In the bathroom? How we never spoke of it?” She gave a breathless, wet giggle, a sound of pure, uninhibited recklessness. “I thought about it tonight. Wondered what you’d do if it happened again.”

Rosie swallowed hard, her throat painfully dry. “I think you know,” she whispered, her voice husky, a confession. All she could think about was sliding her own hand under her sun-dress and down her own underwear. Heat pulsed there, insistent and overwhelming. She imagined Kitty’s damp skirt brushing against her, imagined pressing their hips together until neither of them could tell whose wetness was whose. Her fingers twitched with the urge to touch, to plunge beneath the thin barrier of cotton and take what her body screamed for. Shame and thrill collided, and she gave in to the thought of losing herself completely.

Kitty’s eyes flashed in the dark, equal parts mischief and raw, undeniable urgency. She squeezed Rosie’s hand, a fierce, desperate grip, and finally pulled herself upright, thighs pressed together with every ounce of her will as they shuffled slowly, out of the bedroom and agonisingly down the hall. Every single step was a suspense, a micro-drama, Kitty narrating under her breath, a breathless, desperate litany: “one more step… oh God, nearly went then… you’re enjoying this, aren’t you?”—and Rosie, utterly captivated, utterly enthralled by this desperate, vulnerable honesty, couldn’t even bring herself to deny it. At one point Kitty gave a shaky laugh, whispering, “Maybe I’ve leaked… it does feel warm down there,” her voice a mix of terror and teasing. The words sent Rosie’s pulse skittering, her whole body alight with the dangerous thrill.

By the time they reached the bathroom, both were breathless for different reasons, their bodies thrumming with a shared, feverish tension. The light was dim, a conspirator’s glow, casting long, wavering shadows. Kitty practically stumbled against the sink, doubling over, one hand clamped desperately between her legs, fingers digging into her thing. “Too close,” she muttered, half-giddy with relief, half-frantic with the lingering terror. She hitched her skirt up, hesitating for a fraction of a second, then froze - meeting Rosie’s eyes in the mirror, her reflection a study in raw panic and exhilarating surrender. A deep, furious blush spread across her face, mingling with the sweat of effort, of near-defeat. “I can’t … there’s no time.”

And then she let go. Still in her tiny thong, the only barrier left, she sagged against the sink and surrendered, a deep, shuddering release. Her voice cracked into a whimper, then a cry: “Rosie, I’m not going to make it—oh God—it’s already coming out—Rosie, I’m weeing!” The fabric darkened instantly, warmth pouring through with a hiss that filled the tiled room, a sound of pure, unadulterated relief. Kitty gasped, a mix of disbelief and overwhelming, blissful release, then laughed under her breath, a wild, breathless sound, as the stream burst through cotton and pattered into porcelain, loud and unapologetic. The force streaked down her bare legs in hot rivulets, racing along the length of her thighs and calves until it splattered on the tiles, gravity tugging mercilessly at every drop. Her long legs gleamed wet in the dim light, shining with the evidence of her loss of control.

The sight was raw, messy, unguarded, the near-disaster in bed made visible now, finally allowed to happen. Rosie’s breath caught hard in her chest, a profound hitch. It was everything: the danger that had danced tantalisingly on the edge of their awareness, now allowed to resolve, to bloom into this messy, beautiful reality. Without realising, Rosie’s hand was now under her dress, her fingers circling her own underwear with a certain ferocity. Her thighs trembled as she pressed harder, the wetness she felt entirely her own, driven by the sight before her. She imagined Kitty turning her head, watching her, sharing this simultaneous surrender. Her hips rolled as she sought release, driven by the intoxicating rhythm of Kitty’s downfall.

She looked only at Kitty’s face: the sudden slackening jaw, the helplessness, the eyelids fluttering shut as if she had stepped through an invisible door into another dimension of sensation. A reverent ache bloomed in Rosie’s chest: tenderness, hunger, protectiveness all tangled together, almost too much to hold, too potent to process. Kitty’s skirt clung damply to her thighs, her whole body shuddering with the last tremors of release, and Rosie thought she had never seen anyone look so vulnerably proud, so utterly, beautifully human.

The explosion that she had kept on the edge of erupting for so long could be held back no more. There was nothing soft or subtle about the moan that escaped her lips, “Kitty … I … fuck,” a sound that betrayed the depth of her arousal. Her face flushed with a rosy hue, her skin tingling as if kissed by a thousand tiny sparks. Heat gathered low in her belly and burst outward, her thighs clamping tight as her fingers pressed harder, soaking her underwear. She writhed helplessly, lost in the rhythm of Kitty’s release. In that moment Rosie’s own climax ripped through her, her body arching with silent convulsions, her orgasm cresting on the raw tide of Kitty’s surrender.

When the stream dwindled at last, Kitty sagged back, breathing hard, cheeks flaming, her whole being radiating an exhausted, blissful peace. She met Rosie’s eyes again in the mirror, her chin lifting just a little, a flicker of that earlier defiance, as if daring her to flinch, to look away. A tired, wicked smile curled her lips as she whispered, “I knew you couldn’t resist …”

She stepped forward, her bare feet meeting the spreading warmth on the tiles, now standing in Kitty’s pooled urine without hesitation. She pressed her forehead to Kitty’s, foreheads cool against each other, and whispered, “Wow.”

They stood like that until the hush settled again, until Kitty gave a breathless laugh, a soft, self-deprecating sound. “Well. That was nearly in my bed.”

Rosie smiled, shaky but sure, the warmth of Kitty’s forehead a strange, comforting anchor. “I don’t think I’d have minded.”

For a moment they lingered in the doorway, both reluctant to break the spell. Kitty nudged Rosie gently with her hip, a tired grin curling her lips. “Come on. Before Darcy wonders why the tap’s been running all night.”

Rosie hesitated, her eyes dropping to the glistening floor. “What about the floor… what about your thong… what about your legs, they’re soaking wet,” she asked, her voice husky.

Kitty gave a tired but wicked grin. With slow, deliberate movements, she hooked her thumbs under the waistband of her soaked thong, peeling it down her thighs. The fabric clung, heavy and wet, before dropping to the floor with a soft slap. She let Rosie watch every second, a tease even in exhaustion. “Problem solved,” she murmured, kicking it aside before taking Rosie’s hand again. On the way out she snagged a towel from the rail, swiping it quickly over her thighs with a careless laugh before draping it around her hips.

They padded back to bed, conspirators returning from a newly forged secret, a shared intimacy raw and fresh. The house let them pass, floorboards sighing underfoot, a sympathetic murmur. In Kitty’s room they paused, a silent decision passing between them. Wordlessly, they began stripping away the remnants of the night: Rosie tugging her sundress over her head, Kitty dropping the towel and peeling off her top and damp skirt, both of them baring themselves in the dim hush. Their clothes fell in careless heaps on the floor, leaving only skin and the racing of their hearts.

Under the duvet they lay facing each other, closer now, a new space made between them, Kitty’s hair brushing Rosie’s arm, their naked bodies bearing witness to everything. Rosie thought of how thin the line had been between accident and choice, between shame and release, between fear and utter, exhilarating trust, and how Kitty had let her see both, had shared every inch of it. She reached out, brushed the back of her fingers under Kitty’s jaw, tracing the faint line of her chin. Kitty smiled in the dark, then leaned forward, capturing Rosie’s mouth in a proper, hungry kiss. 

Their lips moved together with more certainty now, tongues brushing, breaths mingling. Rosie’s hand slid down, trembling, until it rested against Kitty’s inner thigh, smooth and still faintly damp from her earlier ordeal. The touch drew a soft, needy gasp from Kitty, her body pressing closer beneath the covers. They kissed like that, unguarded and insistent, until the world narrowed to skin and breath and the quiet promise of everything that might come next.

*019*2025-09-28 17:16

Ch9

Rosie sat cross-legged on her bed, the familiar weight of her journal pressing warm against her thighs. Her pen hovered uselessly above the page, ink waiting, memory thick in her chest. On the line before, written in her looping hand, were two simple words: The kiss.

Even now, three months later, she could still feel it, Kitty’s mouth soft and urgent on hers, the dizzy shock of it sparking like fire through her body. But the kiss wasn’t the whole story. Not by a long shot.

Her mind replayed the night in feverish fragments: Kitty’s laughter slurred with drink, her eyes shining and reckless; the way she’d squirmed, legs pressed together, cheeks flushed with a desperation she couldn’t quite hide. Rosie remembered the moment Kitty broke, bolting for the bathroom, and then the muffled sound of liquid hitting tile and porcelain. The image was seared into her - Kitty, wet and undone, stripped of her usual composure.

Since then: silence. Or near enough. A handful of messages, nothing more. Kitty hadn’t come back to the house all summer. They hadn’t been in the same room, hadn’t touched, hadn’t so much as shared a look. The absence gnawed at Rosie, her whole body aching for something she wasn’t sure she had the right to want.

Kitty would be back this weekend. Their final year together was about to begin, and with it, the collision Rosie both longed for and feared. She wanted answers. She wanted Kitty. But what she feared most was what Kitty might have already guessed.

Rosie tapped her pen against the paper, her teeth closing over her lip. “Before Kitty comes back,” she whispered into the stillness, “there’s something else I need to write down. Something I saw. Something I can’t get out of my head…”

Her hand trembled slightly as she turned the page. And with that, the memory shifted … away from her own secret longing, towards Darcy.

—————

Darcy knew how to make an entrance. Her golden curls bounced with every confident stride, her dazzling smile capable of captivating a room. Today, she was riding a high even bigger than usual. The university netball team had just pulled off an exhilarating victory against their arch-rivals. Forced back to university a week earlier than usual, the final whistle still rang in her ears as she boarded the coach, the adrenaline of the game pumping through her veins. After changing out of her sweat-soaked netball dress and into official university gear, the fitted shorts showcased the results of her dedication.

The coach buzzed with the electric energy of a winning team. Teammates relived the match's highlights, Emily's impressive intercepts and Sarah's clutch goals earning cheers and high-fives. Darcy beamed, brimming with pride over their teamwork. Laughter, music, and triumphant shouts filled the air as they celebrated their hard-won victory and the promising season ahead. Surrounded by this infectious joy, Darcy couldn't help but grin, basking in the well-deserved glory.

"Did you see that shot I made in the final quarter?" she boasted, playfully nudging Maya, her closest friend and the team’s vice-captain. "I mean, I'm basically a netball legend now!”

Maya rolled her eyes, a smile playing on her lips. "Yeah, yeah, Darcy. We all know you think you're the best. But if it weren't for my assists, well … let’s just say you wouldn't have had the chance to shine.”

"Whatever you say, superstar," Darcy teased back, her cheeks flushed with pride. The thrill of the spotlight, magnified by victory, was intoxicating.

As the team headed home, the coach announced a surprise stop at their favourite takeaway spot. The bus erupted in cheers, the girls piling out, still glowing from their win. The air crackled with excitement, the aroma of sizzling burgers and fries heightening the celebratory mood.

Darcy and Maya, grinning from ear to ear, made a beeline for the counter, eager for a well-deserved feast. Sharing a large plate of crispy fries and juicy burgers, they savoured every bite, reliving game highlights and playfully ribbing each other about their plays.

Back on the bus, Darcy leaned back, feeling content. But as the bus pulled away, a strange churning began in her stomach. She dismissed it, attributing it to the adrenaline of the day mixed with greasy food. It would pass, surely.

"Hey, Darcy! You're not going to fall asleep on us again, are you?" Maya called from behind, sparking laughter. "Remember what happened after the semi-final last year? Food coma on the coach, anyone?" she teased, referencing the infamous ride home where Darcy had dozed off after spilling food all over herself.

"Ugh, don't be ridiculous! I'm nowhere near winding down after that win," Darcy snapped, her tone a touch sharper than intended. Forcing a laugh, she tried to deflect the teasing, "You think I'm just going to curl up and fall asleep like some kind of novice? Please." But beneath the bravado, the pressure in her stomach intensified, making her shift uncomfortably.

Maya, amused by Darcy's uncharacteristic sternness and the flush creeping up her neck, raised an eyebrow. "Oh, Darcy, relax," she chuckled, her voice laced with playful teasing. "Just a joke. Can't handle a little burger-induced humour?”

The laughter swelled, and Darcy instinctively clutched her stomach, hoping to ease the discomfort and deflect the growing embarrassment. This, however, only drew more attention.

“Classic Darcy!” Maya pointed out. “She can score goals but can’t handle a little burger.”

“Very funny,” Darcy retorted, offering a mock glare. “I think it’s just the food, okay?”

But the more the teasing continued, the more her stomach protested. Focusing on the game and her friends, she tried to ignore the brewing turmoil. Then, in a moment of inevitable and unfortunate timing, the pressure reached its breaking point. A loud, embarrassing fart escaped, and the bus erupted in laughter, all eyes suddenly fixed on her.

“Darcy! Was that you? It definitely sounded like it!” someone shouted, fuelling the raucous laughter.

“What? No! It wasn’t me!” she protested, her voice edging into disbelief. The weight in her stomach added to her unease, a twinge of panic starting to bubble.

“Come on! Just admit it! You ripped one!” Maya chimed in, unable to suppress her glee. “Queen of the court, queen of the farts?”

With each laugh, each teasing remark, Darcy's carefully constructed facade began to crumble. She wasn’t just the best shooter on the team, she was the image of composure, of confidence, the girl people admired. To be reduced to a punchline like this? Her stomach wasn’t the only thing twisting.

As the bus finally pulled up to the student union, Darcy felt a mix of relief and anxiety wash over her. The journey had been a torturous one, her face flushed from the stifling heat and the unbearable laughter of her peers. The tiny confines of the bus had amplified every giggle, making her feel like she was suffocating in a sea of mirth and mockery. She had been trying to sit as still as possible, hoping to avoid drawing attention to herself, but the moment the bus doors creaked open, Darcy sprang into action, her movements almost frantic. She hastily bid farewell to her friends, who were still chuckling and chatting, and made her way off the bus. The fresh air enveloped her like a cool balm, and for a moment, she felt liberated. However, her relief was short-lived. As she stepped away from the bus, a pressing concern from between her bum cheeks began to nag at her. Her body responded instinctively, her muscles clenching in anticipation of the impending discomfort.

The streets seemed to mock her with the carefree chatter and laughter of students, their conversations blending into a cacophony that heightened her distress. She quickened her pace, eyes fixed on the ground, desperate to avoid eye contact as she navigated the endless, labyrinthine rows of terraced houses. The identical red-brick facades blurred together, a monotony that starkly contrasted with her current, mortifying situation. The tidy front gardens and sparkling windowpanes only accentuated her own disheveled state, making her feel like a blemish on the otherwise pristine landscape. The urge to relieve herself, misplaced and inconvenient, only added to her distress, but she pressed on, too embarrassed to pause or seek refuge.

The reality of what could happen - what she felt was on the verge of happening, was unthinkable. People looked up to her. She was tagged in Instagram photos captioned with phrases like “squad goals” and “captain energy.” If anyone saw her like this, or even suspected the truth, she’d be ruined. The idea of being whispered about, becoming a meme, a cruel joke in someone’s story ... it made her blood run cold. And in the back of her mind, another memory flickered: the library.

As she turned a corner, the sounds of the main street gave way to the more subdued atmosphere of the residential area, but Darcy’s anxiety only intensified. She hastened her pace, her feet carrying her towards the safety of her own front door, while her mind replayed the embarrassing events that had led her to this point. The nagging tumult in her gut grew more insistent with each step, and she felt a familiar but unwelcome pressure building, threatening to unleash a fresh wave of humiliation upon her already frazzled nerves. She prayed that she wouldn’t encounter any of her neighbours, or worse, her housemates, who might witness her distress and draw unwanted conclusions. With each passing house, her desire for solitude and a locked door between her and the world grew, and she picked up her pace, almost running in her eagerness to escape the judging gaze of the outside world.

As Darcy approached her terraced house, the front door coming into view, her discomfort escalated into a growing sense of alarm. The slight run hadn’t helped, and a low, ominous gurgle stirred in her belly, intensifying the pressure against her backside. She released small, discreet farts, finding fleeting relief in the temporary reprieve. But her heart was racing, and desperation mounted. She swallowed hard, the urgency becoming unbearable. "Thank goodness I’m almost home," she thought, a wave of relief washing over her at the sight of the familiar door. With her mind a jumble of anxious thoughts, the prospect of reaching the sanctuary of her own bathroom was the only thing that kept her going, driving her to pick up her pace and get inside as fast as possible.

Finally, she fumbled with the lock, her trembling hands struggling to insert the key as she couldn’t keep still. Taking a deep breath, she steadied herself and tried again. But her fingers slipped, and the key clattered against the metal, sparking a surge of frustration. "Fuck!" she squealed, her voice barely audible but enough to make her cringe. With renewed determination, she made another attempt. This time, the key slid smoothly into place, and with a satisfying click, the lock disengaged. She shoved the door open and rushed into the hallway, the narrow passageway closing in around her like a vice. The walls felt claustrophobic, making her breath catch in her throat. And in that moment of stillness, the echo of the library accident pressed in on her, a cruel reminder of how quickly everything could collapse.

And then … her nightmare became reality.

With a relieved sigh, she shed her shoes, but the tension in her glutes refused to subside. Her face flushed with embarrassment, grateful for the solitude of her own home. However, in a fleeting moment of vulnerability, her body surrendered to relaxation, and the pent-up pressure began to release. The quiet rumble that had been building inside her, threatening to erupt into an embarrassing spectacle, finally found its escape route. With no other option, she subtly shifted her weight, attempting to find a discreet way to alleviate the pressure. However, it was too late, a louder, more insistent fart broke free, only slightly muffled by her shorts.

At the precise moment when Darcy's world began to unravel, her hand instinctively shot to the back of her shorts, fingers brushing against the unmistakable sensation of her body betraying her. Her stomach churned with a warning she couldn't ignore—her poo was starting to turtlehead, threatening to escape without her consent. "Oh no, oh no, oh no," she whispered to herself, mortification washing over her in waves. And with it, an image she’d tried to bury: crouched in a library stall months ago, knickers soaked, cheeks burning, praying no one would disturb her. Only Kitty ever knew, but Darcy felt the shame still clinging to her like a stain. Not again. Not twice. Not like this. An audible fart echoed through the room, and the impending loss of bowel control sent Darcy into a state of sheer panic. She frantically scanned her surroundings, praying that none of her housemates had witnessed - or worse, heard—her in this utterly humiliating predicament.

As the log started to make its move, she sprinted towards the stairs, every step a frantic dash against time. Cramps tightened their grip, her stomach clenching in distress, and she struggled to accept the impending disaster: she was on the verge of losing all control. Her legs trembled beneath her, sweat dripping down her forehead in tiny beads. The house seemed to hold its breath, its silence magnifying the sound of her panicked footsteps. She reached the top step just as another fart escaped, but the pounding of her feet masked the sound, bringing a brief, relieved reprieve.

With her legs throbbing and her stomach twisted in desperation, she let out a frustrated curse. She sprinted down the hall, her footsteps pounding out a frantic rhythm on the floor. Her hands shook wildly as she grasped the door handle, her fingers fumbling with the simple task. Time seemed to slow as she wrestled with the door, but finally, it swung open, and she stumbled towards the toilet, slamming the door shut behind her. A rush of relief washed over her like a cool wave, but it was short-lived. The sight of the porcelain throne was her undoing. Her already-frayed nerves gave way, and her body betrayed her once more.

As she stood there, just a step away from the toilet, a loud, explosive fart escaped her, echoing through the silence like a gunshot. This one was different from the ones before; wetter, with a splattering sound that seemed to reverberate through the small room. Darcy's mortification was complete. Her face burned with shame as she realised she had lost all control. In that instant, she was back in the cubicle, clutching toilet paper with trembling hands, knowing the secret shame would follow her forever.

Struggling to maintain a shred of dignity, her hands flailed wildly, trying to tug down her netball shorts, but it was a losing battle. The moment she turned to sit, still fully clothed, her body surrendered to the inevitable. Panic erupted as she felt herself letting go, her desperate attempts to hold on crumbling. In an instant, all her efforts at containment were undone, and the unthinkable happened. A messy, uncontainable chaos burst forth, as if her body had declared war on her. The first log made its escape, quickly followed by a second, creating a disturbing, bulging shape within her shorts. The humiliating reality hit her like a ton of bricks: she was trapped, with no escape from the warm, smothering mess that was spreading. With nowhere to go, her poo, that thick, unmanageable ooze, began to smear across her bum cheeks, releasing a pungent, earthy stench into the air.

The cacophony of sounds, the intense sensations, and the warmth were overwhelming, leaving her reeling in shock and utter humiliation. The weight of her shame was crushing, making it hard to breathe. Darcy was the epitome of popularity, the girl everyone looked up to, and the thought of anyone discovering her (now) secrets was unbearable. If people knew she'd not only pissed herself but also shit herself, she would never live it down - the whispers, the snickers, the pitying glances would haunt her forever. Her reputation, meticulously crafted over the years, would be irreparably tarnished.

The stark, unpalatable truth stared her in the face: she had soiled herself, and the mortification was suffocating. The fear of being found out, of being vulnerable and weak, was a constant, gnawing terror that echoed through her mind, fuelling her desperation to keep this shameful secret hidden. Darcy heart’s sank to the floor, her mind racing with the horror of the situation. In that moment, the girl who was always in control found herself adrift in a sea of shame and helplessness.

Darcy sat motionless on the toilet, her netball gear still clinging to her body, as if time itself had paused. The only sounds that broke the thick silence were her heavy, laboured breaths and the faint, almost imperceptible stretching of her shorts, strained to their limits as they struggled to contain the mess. Then, the unmistakable trickle of urine hitting the bowl below shattered the stillness, a stark reminder of her mortifying situation. As her body relaxed further, a wave of utter helplessness washed over her. 

The reality of her predicament was devastating: she had soiled herself, and now she was involuntarily urinating, the warm liquid spreading through her shorts as gravity took its course. Exhaustion and fatigue consumed her, making the humiliation feel like a cruel crescendo. The degradation was almost too much to bear, a feeling of utter debasement that left her longing to escape, to crawl into a hole and disappear from the face of the earth, erasing the memory of this shameful moment forever. And yet she couldn’t. The memory of the library stall clung like a phantom, doubling the shame - proof this wasn’t an accident she could laugh off, but a pattern she couldn’t control.

"Hey, Darcy, you okay in there?" Rosie’s voice cut through the silence, accompanied by a gentle knock. "I heard a weird noise and I just wanted to check on you.

Darcy sat frozen, the putrid smell suffocating her as she struggled to catch her breath. "Umm... yeah, just a minute," she stammered, desperate to compose herself. The horror of what had just transpired replayed in her mind like a grotesque loop, and she couldn’t shake the feeling that this was more than just a mistake - it was a catastrophe. The queen of confidence was now forced to confront the humiliating consequences of her actions, a reckoning that would haunt her for days to come.

"Okay ... just checking," Rosie replied, and Darcy’s relief was palpable as she heard the footsteps retreating from behind the door.

After what felt like an eternity, Darcy finally mustered the strength to begin cleaning up. At twenty, she had never envisioned herself succumbing to such a basic, humiliating failure. The composure that had once been her pride and armour had deserted her, leaving her feeling frighteningly exposed and vulnerable. In this moment of raw truth, her façade of control was stripped away, revealing a stark and helpless reality. And like an unwelcome ghost, the memory of the library stall returned: crouched over in silence, knickers wet, heart hammering as she prayed no one would hear. She had thought that was the lowest she could sink, but today had shown her how wrong she was.

As Darcy stood up, she felt the sagging in her netball shorts and a warmth spreading out from the front. She took a deep breath, steeling herself for the unpleasant task ahead, and began to slide the shorts down her legs. The thick, mushy logs that had been hidden beneath the fabric were now revealed, their sight and smell making her gag as she struggled to maintain her composure. With a sense of determination, Darcy slowly and carefully tipped the contents of her shorts into the toilet bowl below, trying not to make a mess or touch the unappealing substance. She watched as it splashed into the water, feeling a mix of relief and disgust. Despite the dark colouring of the shorts, she could make out two large brown skid marks that remained inside.

The air was heavy with the stench of her accident, and Darcy’s stomach churned as she cleaned herself. Her mind raced with thoughts of embarrassment and humiliation, and she couldn’t help but wonder how things had gotten so far. The experience was both shocking and terrifying. As she wiped again and again, the paper balling up in her hand, she made a silent vow to never let it happen again. But the vow rang hollow, because hadn’t she promised herself the same thing after the library? Hadn’t she sworn it was a one-off, something she could bury in silence with Kitty as her confidant.

Time seemed to stretch out, but finally, after what felt like an eternity, she felt clean enough to stop. Her legs shook slightly as she stood up, gazing at the wad of soiled paper in her hand before dropping it into the toilet. Watching as it swirled away, she turned to kick her shorts into the shower, the slap of the fabric against the tile a harsh reminder of her accident.

Once she had finished, her eyes fixed on the toilet as if ensuring that the evidence of her mishap was truly contained, she stripped off her university netball jacket and vest and stepped into the shower. The smell of urine, which had been clinging to her, finally started to subside as the warm water washed over her. She took a long, thorough shower, using the shower head to meticulously clean herself, particularly between her buttocks and down the front of her thighs, which were still damp with the residue of her mishap. 

The sensation of the water and the gentle scrubbing were a soothing balm to her frazzled nerves, and as she washed away the physical remnants of her accident, Darcy couldn’t help but reflect on the pride that had contributed to her predicament. Her eyes fixed on the toilet, now a symbol of her vulnerability, she vowed that she would never again let her pride or indulgence get the better of her. But the vow felt fragile, because the past already proved otherwise: first the library stall, now this. Two secrets too heavy to carry. This experience served as a stark reminder of her own frailties and the importance of self-control: yet deep down, Darcy feared the pattern was already written.

—————-

Rosie hadn’t meant to notice. Later that night, padding downstairs for a glass of water, she caught the faint chemical tang of cleaning spray drifting up from the kitchen. Odd. She slowed her steps, listening. The house was quiet. Darcy’s door shut.

In the corner, the washer hummed low. Rosie’s eyes flicked to the little round window, the drum already stilled from its cycle. A bundle of clothes sat heavy at the bottom. She bent, meaning only to check if it was her own wash someone had interrupted. But what met her gaze made her freeze.

Darcy’s netball shorts. Dark fabric clinging damp to itself, the faintest shadows of stains visible even through the glass. Rosie’s breath caught. She didn’t need to look closer to know. The noises she’d heard earlier … hurried footsteps on the stairs, the slam of a door, muffled cries … fell into place with the evidence staring back at her now.

Her hand moved before her mind could catch up. She pulled the washer door open, the cool metal brushing her wrist, and reached inside. The shorts came out heavy, still damp from the cycle, clinging to themselves in a way that made her shiver. She held them up, the fabric limp in her hands, and for a moment she couldn’t breathe.

An image of Darcy earlier that afternoon flashed hot across her mind. When did it happen? How? Rosie’s thoughts tumbled over themselves, wild and insistent. Had Darcy been caught short outside, clutching herself in some quiet side street? Or on the stairs, the sound Rosie had half-registered earlier, heavy and frantic, now suddenly sinister? Or had it all come undone in the bathroom: that slam of the door, the muffled noise she’d told herself to ignore? Rosie’s imagination raced through every possibility, each one more vivid than the last, each one making her heart beat faster.

Her stomach twisted, not with pity, but with something darker, more dangerous. Heat rushed through her, a traitorous throb low in her body. She should put them back. She should never have touched them. And yet her fingers lingered, tracing the seams, pressing into the softened fabric where the cycle hadn’t quite erased the truth.

Her breath grew shallow. Shame and desire knotted inside her, impossible to untangle. Rosie dropped the shorts back into the drum as though burned, her hands trembling. For a moment she just stood there in the dim kitchen, heart hammering, her reflection staring back at her in the washer door. Then, almost without thinking, she turned away, already reaching for her journal.
