The Teacher's Bladder

Author: blitz506

*000*2023-05-24 03:35

She was known as the teacher with the iron bladder. She never used the bathroom during school hours, no matter how much she drank or how long she taught. She had a reputation for being strict and demanding, but also fair and passionate. Her students respected her, but also feared her wrath if they misbehaved or failed to do their homework.

She enjoyed holding her pee, feeling the pressure build up in her lower abdomen throughout the day. She liked to challenge herself, to see how long she could last without giving in to her bladder's urges. She also liked to tease her students, drinking copious amounts of water, coffee, and tea in front of them, knowing they would wonder how she could hold it all in.

She had a routine: she would pee once in the morning before leaving for school, and once in the evening after returning home. She would drink at least two liters of fluids during the day, and sometimes more if she felt adventurous. She would never use the staff bathroom, even if she had a free period or a lunch break. She would always wait until she got home, where she could enjoy a long, satisfying pee in the privacy of her own bathroom.

She had been doing this for years, and had never had an accident or a close call. Her bladder was well-trained and obedient, never leaking or spasming uncontrollably. She was confident in her ability to hold it, and proud of her endurance and self-control.

But one day, everything changed.

It was a Friday, and she had a busy schedule. She had four classes in a row, followed by a staff meeting, followed by another class, followed by an after-school club. She had no breaks in between, except for a quick lunch that she ate at her desk while grading papers. She drank her usual amount of fluids, plus an extra cup of coffee to keep her alert and energized.

By the time her last class ended, she was feeling very full and uncomfortable. Her bladder was bulging visibly under her skirt, and she had to cross her legs tightly to keep from squirming. She checked her watch and saw that she still had an hour to go before she could leave. She had promised to supervise the chess club, and she couldn't back out now.

She gathered her things and headed to the library, where the club was meeting. She hoped that sitting down would ease some of the pressure on her bladder, but it only made it worse. She felt every drop of pee pushing against her urethra, begging for release. She clenched her pelvic muscles as hard as she could, determined not to let any escape.

She tried to focus on the chess games, but it was hard to concentrate with her bladder screaming for attention. She noticed that some of the students were looking at her curiously, probably wondering why she was so fidgety and restless. She smiled and pretended that everything was fine, but inside she was panicking.

She checked her watch again and saw that only fifteen minutes had passed. She still had forty-five minutes to go before she could go home and pee. She wondered if she could make it that long without wetting herself. She wondered if she should just give up and use the staff bathroom, even though it would ruin her reputation and embarrass her in front of her students.

She decided to stick it out. She had held it longer before, and she could do it again. She told herself that it was just a matter of mind over matter, that she was stronger than her bladder, that she was not going to let a little pee defeat her.

She took a deep breath and tried to relax. She told herself that everything was going to be okay.

But it wasn't.

She felt a sudden spasm in her bladder, and before she could stop it, a squirt of pee escaped her and soaked her panties. She gasped and clamped her legs together, hoping that no one had noticed. She looked around and saw that the students were still engrossed in their chess games, oblivious to her predicament.

She felt a surge of relief, but also a surge of fear. She had just lost control of her bladder for the first time in her life, and she knew it was only a matter of time before she lost it completely. She had to get out of there, fast.

She grabbed her purse and stood up, trying to act casual. She told the students that she had to step out for a minute, and that they should keep playing until she came back. She hoped that they wouldn't notice the wet spot on her skirt, or the smell of pee in the air.

She walked as fast as she could to the staff bathroom, holding her crotch with one hand and her purse with the other. She prayed that it would be empty, and that she would make it in time.

