A Moth's Night Out

Author: Burstshrimp004

*000*2025-12-13 01:52

Notes and Introduction:

Hello all, wrote this in one sitting last night to let off some creative steam. So it may not be my most polished story, but it was fun to write. It takes place in a science-fantasy setting albeit at a very small setting for this story. So there's things like datapads and stuff, but with a more fantasy approach to the different types of aliens/sentient races, which includes monstergirls such as the protagonist here, who is a moth girl. This story contains drunken desperation so if you aren't as much into drunk omo, then idk, this might not be as enjoyable for you.

I was pretty inspired to write this after posting in this thread a while ago. So thanks to everyone there and the OP for spiking my inspiration to write a story here for the first time in a long time. Maybe I can write more soon as my IRL schedule is mostly clear after next week for a while. No promises though. Anyways, onto the story.

The Story:

Relo brushed her cherry-colored hair, holding the comb with her upper left arm. Her lower pair of arms were idle at the moment, held on the moth’s hips, which were now accentuated by a long blue dress that draped down near the ground. As the repetitive brushing motions continued, her little black antennae darted about, avoiding the brush. Soon, she put the brush down and admired her figure in the bedroom mirror. Her blue dress contrasted nicely with the various red shades of her skin and hair. It also worked wonders with her mostly dark wings draped behind her that would flow alongside the dress. Underneath the dress were a pair of sky-blue panties, one of her more comfortable pairs. The moth smiled as she felt herself, her upper arms noting her generous bust and the lower pair again feeling out her lower curvature. While she wasn’t by any means an hourglass, Relo took pride in her feminine assets, and hoped to look her best tonight.

After a few minutes Relo emerged from her apartment complex and smiled as she checked her phone, making sure she had the right directions to Brstr’s, a new bar that opened close to her apartment. Well, it wasn’t exactly “new” per se, but it may as well have been. The bar used to be under a different name but was condemned after a trio of space captains uncovered that the old establishment was a front by the planet’s most dangerous mafia organization. After months, the decrepit establishment was bought by a wealthy gentleman, remodeled, renovated, and now, soon to be reopened!

Relo could have called a hovertaxi, but instead, she opted for a more adventurous method of travel. Spreading her wings, she took flight, her fluttering propelling her high enough to see the city block below her. Too high and she could face a fine for posing a danger, so she held her altitude and briskly flew towards the establishment. It was only a few minutes until she saw the neon yellows and blues of the bar’s exterior lighting below. Gliding down, Relo found herself across the street. Reaching the bar itself, she saw quite the line to get in. Almost opening time.

Joining the line, Relo used her phone for a few minutes until without much warning, the line began to move forward towards the bar.

“It’s open!” Someone shouted in glee.

Relo felt a smile emerge as she reached the entrance. The bouncers looked tough. One was a human man, about six feet tall, and the other was an alien with a piked, spear-like snout lined with spikes. Handing her ID to the closer bouncer (the human), she waited with increasing excitement. After being given the OK to head on in, Relo rushed inside and was met with lots of lights, a crowded dance floor, a full-liquor bar, and plenty of tables.

Relo found the lights of the dance floor a little much for her liking, due to her moth-like biology perhaps. She was especially sensitive to light. So, heading away from some of the opening-night bustle, she headed straight for the bar. No stools or seats available. Relo noticed an alien woman, with green skin and beautiful onyx eyes donning a black goth-adjacent outfit with black jeans, quickly rise from her seat as she paid her tab. While Relo wasn’t quite sure, she thought she noticed the woman pressing her legs tightly together before walking off.

Before anyone could snipe the free seat, Relo sat down, her wings and hair falling gracefully behind the back of the chair. Raising a finger on one of her hands, she managed to call over one of the bartenders. Her bartender was a handsome young man in a black outfit with blonde neck-length hair, sky-blue eyes and a wide charming grin.

“Hello! Welcome to Brstr's opening night! What’re you in the mood for?”

“Hmmn, you got any house specials to try? Like something I can only get my hands on here.”

“Ah, that we do! We’ve got the Bolder Brstr! A fruit-based drink made with Earth-exported oranges and pineapples, not to mention a drop of lemon for some zest.”

“Nice, that’ll do!”

With her tab open and drink being made, Relo turned in her seat and got a closer look at the clientele that showed up. Relo began to feel a little self-conscious. She had definitely overdressed for this bar. Most of the people around were in more casual clothes. Dresses that weren’t as fancy, button-up shirts, jeans, and more. Before she could feel too out of place however, she received her drink. A big glass for a big drink. There was a small slice of pineapple that acted as garnish on the side of the glass. Immediately, Relo mixed the drink with her straw and began to sip.

The flavors collided with her tastebuds in unfathomable ways, the sweet tangy flavors danced across her mouth as she felt refreshed with each gulp. And while she knew not to guzzle booze, she just could not help herself. By the time she pried her mouth from the straw, her drink was about halfway done! Her eyes widened as she blushed a bit, noticing the other people around her taking their drinks at a much slower pace.

Turning in her seat, Relo began to initiate some conversation with those next to her. There were all sorts of interesting people, from neighbors she never got a chance to speak to, people who came to visit this world just for the bar opening and other tourist attractions, and more all made her conversations interesting. At one point, a red-scaled dragon-like alien took a seat next to her, alongside another of Relo’s kind, albeit with pink and golden features. Apparently they were important people, as they were two of the three space-captains that had originally uncovered the old bar as a front.

And they were both surprisingly talkative, sharing stories of their adventures and misadventures alike. After chatting with them for a while, Relo asked where the third member of their trio was, to which the pink moth woman replied jokingly, gesturing with one of her lower arms at the dance floor, where he was breakdancing and totally swooning everyone around him. He appeared to be of the same species as the non-human bouncer outside. After a while, Relo found that she had finished her drink. She raised one of her hands to order another, but before she did, the red-scaled man whispered to one of the bartenders and made an announcement.

“Everyone! Thanks for coming out here to Brstr’s tonight! As one last parting gift before my friends and I head off-world, I want to buy everyone in here a round of beer on us!” He said, slapping a card on the table for the bartenders to process the payment.

As one of the employees took and returned the card after charging him, the bar erupted into cheering and thankful cries. As he and his two friends walked out, they hi-fived, hugged, fist-bumped, and interacted with many of the other bargoers before finally leaving the premises. presumably to head back to their ship.

The bar itself was crowded now, and eventually, Relo was handed a beer. Normally she wasn’t the biggest fan of beer, but she couldn’t complain about a free drink. And this beer wasn’t some cheap swill, but rather, it seemed to be some high-end stuff. Taking a sip, it was not horrible but not exactly pleasant to her, and she found herself finishing it rather quickly despite her prior reservations. Unable to get rid of the aftertaste, Relo ordered a mojito of some kind, which she eventually received after some more waiting around.

With the bar getting to be a bit crowded for her liking, Relo stood up with the intent of shuffling out from the crowd. But the moment she stood, she felt a pressure in her lower abdomen. And on top of that, she was definitely tipsy now. With a small smile, she excused herself through the crowd of customers waiting to get their pre-paid beers. It was hard for her to navigate through, given her flowing dress, multiple arms, wings draped behind her body, all while making sure she didn’t spill her drink.

Finally away from the crowd, she wandered about, sitting down at a small booth by herself. Relo was having a good time, but she wished she’d have someone to talk to again. The crowd had plenty of people, but it was just… too much for her. She held her mojito with her lower set of arms and looked longingly at the drink before taking a sip.

“H-hey? I think…” A voice was talking to her clearly, which roused Relo’s curiosity.

She looked up and saw a meek but tall man. He had paused when Relo tilted her head in curiosity. Relo’s antennae picked up, awaiting his next words as her eyes scanned his face, which seemed to grow pinkish in hue.

“I just wanted to say, that… I think your dress is stunning.”

Relo smiled and couldn’t help but chuckle a tiny bit, her hand trying to stifle the laugh she instantly regretted.

“S-sorry.”

“Don’t be, I’m flattered.” Relo gestured openly with her upper arms as her lower pair kept the mojito near her lap. “Hey, you seem real nervous. Why’d you come over here if you’re so scared?”

He frowned, face growing redder. “Well, before they left, my friends, they said I should, y’know, try to talk to you.”

“Your friends left you behind? They don’t sound like all that good of friends.”

“Well, no, they went to go back to one of their places, and I was gonna meet them there after I was done here… I was going to try and talk to you at the bar, but you left.”

“Wait. You really left the bar just to tell me my dress was nice?”

“Yeah…”

“Did you get the free beer yet?”

“W-wait what?”

“The beer. That the space captain in here paid for. Tell you what, you go get your beer, and come back. I’ll be right here. Waiting. Just for you.”

“Oh, oh-kay. Sure. Sorry for being so awkward. I’ll be back.” He said, turning around.

“Hey, before you go, I gotta tell you.” Relo paused, looking into the guy’s brown eyes, their bold darkness contrasting his nervous approach. “You’re kinda cute.”

He stammered out a ‘thank-you’ before going back to the bar. Relo, smiled at the odd encounter. Something about him was just, really earnest. He wasn’t a charismatic charmer like the bartender she saw earlier, nor was he a space-captain buying drinks for the whole bar (who was likely taken if the actions of the pink captain beside him was any indication), but this guy was clearly vulnerable yet willing to put himself out there. She respected that.

Placing her mojito on the table, Relo continued to drink, really feeling the effects of the beer and fruit-drink she had before. She felt drunk, but not in a bad way. Just a very pleasant buzz with her inhibitions and worries dulled. Though, she noticed a swelling urge in her body. Under the booth’s table her legs bobbed up and down, slowly at first, until one leg bounced with quite some speed. While her upper pair of arms played with her hair and held her glass respectively, the lower arms had their hands balled up under the table, slightly pushed onto Relo’s thighs. With her mojito still about half-full, Relo noticed the nervous man come back with two beers in one hand, and a small tray in another. Relo cocked her head to the side, curious again.

“Oh, you’re still here. I wanted to know if you wanted a… oh.” He paused, noticing the mojito on the table. “Huh? Where’d you-?”

“I had it under the table with my other set of arms.” Relo raised her lower arms into view, taking them away from their resting spot atop her subtly bouncing thighs.

“I got my drink and another for you. But if you don’t want it, then-”

“I’ll take it. It’s cool dude.” Relo looked at the beer, and it seemed similar to the one she got from the space captain’s treat. “You didn’t pay for this one?”

“No, no, they just gave it to me when I said I was getting one for someone who couldn’t reach the bar.”

The skinny man set the drinks down alongside the tray. On the tray was a platter of what appeared to be deep-fried meat of some kind. Probably the human-delicacy of ‘hot-wings’ that she’d heard of.

“Cool.” Relo smirked, a second free drink. She questioned to herself how this bar would ever run with a profit if they didn’t keep a tighter lid on stuff like this, but right now, that was not at all her problem. “So, handsome, are you gonna introduce yourself?”

“Yeah. Sure. My name’s Arnold. Or Arnie. Either works…”

“Relo. Good to meet’cha.” She extended a chitinous hand to shake Arnie’s.

He accepted and before they began to talk, Relo took the beer and held it in one of her upper hands.

“Cheers to free drinks and fun nights.” She held up her glass, inviting Arnie to the toast. His movement was a tad slow, as if he hadn’t done this too often, but he clinked the glass in a satisfactory manner before they both sipped the beer.

Arnie seemed to repress a bit of a cringe. It seemed he didn't care for beer just as much as she did, if not more. But the man seemed to be hiding his dislike, as if to impress her, which she found adorable in a slightly pitiful way as she smirked. As if trying to get rid of the beer taste, Arnie picked up a hot wing but paused before taking a bite.

“Shoot! If, if you want some wings, feel free. I wanted to share some with you.”

Relo had a quite understandable soft-spot for anyone offering her food. She took a wing from the pile and took a bite as Arnie did the same. And while Relo liked the flavor, she felt a tingling on her tongue. Then, a burning.

“Why is it burning? Is it supposed to do that?”

“That’s the uh, the spice. It makes it all tingly and feels hot, in a good way.”

She continued eating the rest of the wing, and by the time she finished, the burning had only worsened. Arnie was already on his next wing, seeming like he enjoyed this pain? Though in a moment, between bites, Arnie noticed Relo reaching for the beer.

“W-wait Relo no-!”

Relo didn’t listen and only chugged the beer, trying to extinguish the burn. Removing the empty glass from her mouth, the burning sensation only got worse!

“Oh my stars Arnie! Hooo no, it just got worse! Why did it get worse!?”

“I think the beer m-made it worse. Here, have another wing but with this, it might be better that way.” Arnie handed Relo a cup of white chunky fluid.

Fighting through the heat in her mouth, Relo grabbed a wing and dunked it in the white liquid before eating it. While yes, the flavors and the spice remained, this new cooling feeling expanded across her tongue, soothing the burn drastically.

“Blue cheese.”

Finishing this wing with a smile, Relo wiped her watery eyes dry with a clean hand of hers. She giggled looking at Arnie. He smiled back at her and they continued to enjoy the wings. All the while, Relo felt something expand inside her. Her legs continued to bounce a little as she ate the rest of the hot wings, this time making sure they all had some of this white ‘blue cheese’ on them. As Relo ate using her upper pair of arms, her lower pair had found themselves near the front of her dress. All the while, her thighs began to grind against one another. The feeling was all too familiar. She had to pee. But, there was no way she could leave this guy hanging. Not after the free drink, the wings, and the laughs they shared. Relo wiped away the stinging sauce from her lips as Arnie cleaned himself up and reluctantly finished his beer.

“So, Relo, do you maybe… wanna head to the dance floor?”

“S-sure, but I don’t wanna bring any glasses there. Too many people to bump into. Ha.”

Relo just about managed to finish her mojito and rose from the seat. When she stood up again, her bladder made itself loud and clear. She definitely needed to pee now. Checking the time on her phone, it had been at least three hours since she got here, and the last time she had a bathroom break was… all the way back at home before she left. Looking over her shoulder, her head swivelled around to try and see any sign of a bathroom, but saw nothing.

Turning back to Arnie, she saw the man with a hand outstretched, and taking his hand, she was escorted straight to the dance floor, and all the bright lights that entailed. Her walking was a bit clumsy. She was totally drunk now. Relo felt somewhat dizzy when she looked around the dancefloor. But the feeling made her happy and proved to be a somewhat pleasant distraction from her uncomfortably full and continually swelling bladder. The duo began to dance, slowly at first but picked up speed. Relo’s extra arms held onto Arnie’s waist helping to guide the man’s clumsy dancing and refocus it into something a bit more refined. However, whether from her drunken state or increasing urge to pee, Relo’s footwork had begun to grow sloppy as she shuffled in place, sometimes pressing her legs together rather than making the correct steps.

The two, human and moth, grew closer and more intimate until the lights began to intensify with the next song. Relo felt distracted and overwhelmed by the light for a moment, being totally drawn to it as her head swivelled towards the bulbs above. Arnie appeared to notice and help Relo regain focus. When she was no longer transfixed she continued to dance but felt something was off. Her bladder felt like a bowling ball, now totally full to the brim, and yet, her panties under her dress, they felt moist? No, it couldn’t be. There’s no way she leaked when the light distracted her, right? Relo focused on the feeling and the wetness against her nether regions felt like she had peed for a second before. Upon the realization, Relo’s antennae spiked in fear, her dancing froze up as an intense wave of desperation came over her, and Arnie noticed her sudden freezing up.

“Are- are you alright? Relo?”

“I think that light messed me up, and it's a little too bright here on the dance floor.”

“We should maybe, take a break then.”

“Yes, please.”

Relo’s thighs pressed tight together. All the moth wanted to do was jam her hands between her legs and hold herself for dear life, but she was in a crowded public space, and with a cute guy no less! She couldn’t do something so childish! She might have been drunk, but she was not quite willing to be so shameless. Her lower hands instead remained balled up into tight little fists held beside her hips. The upper arms too were balled up, but held in front of Relo, as if frantically uncertain of where they should go.

“Sounds good, besides, I’m gonna go to the bathroom for a sec.”

“W-wait, please-” Relo reached out her hand, but almost stumbled forward with a drunken step. “I’ve gotta go too.”

Arnie seemed to notice her near-fall. Taking her hand, he led her all the way towards the bathroom, indicated by a convenient neon sign. Unfortunately for Relo however, it was a one-toilet sort of deal. No men’s room, no women’s room. Just a single small bathroom. Luckily though, by some kind of miracle, nobody else was on line to use it. Just Arnie and Relo. Arnie knocked on the door, and the occupant said he’d be done in just a moment, washing his hands now apparently.

Relo shimmied in desperation, her foot subtly tapping the ground by now as Arnie showed no such signs. She considered asking him to let her go before him, but was too embarrassed by the prospect. She couldn’t speak up as her sole focus was on not pissing into her dress. And it wouldn’t have mattered anyway, as when the door opened and an older gentleman emerged, Arnie headed straight in without giving Relo a chance to even ask about cutting in front of him. She would be left to shimmy and shuffle to keep her torrent of boiling piss in-check until Arnie came out.

She cursed under her breath as another wave of desperation came across her. Quickly looking around, Relo noticed nobody else was there to really see her, so without hesitation, her lower hands jammed themselves deep between her legs into the crotch of her bright blue dress. Relo felt a simmering heat pulsating and burning inside her, begging to be let free. As she squirmed and grabbed herself, her top pair of hands balled themselves into fists held to her side as her legs gyrated, continuing her pathetic potty dance. After that embarrassing display, the wave passed for a moment.

But then she heard the distinct sound of piss splattering into a toilet bowl’s water and it sent her over the edge. Relo let out a stifled but pained whimper as she resumed her desperate dance. The elegant and beautiful moth woman was now reduced to a squirming little mess outside the bathroom door. Another desperate wave. A tiny jet of urine escaped Relo’s bladder and saturated her panties. It took everything in her to not give in and piss herself. Still with two of her hands jammed into her crotch, one of her upper hands knocked frantically at the bathroom door.

“A-Arnie, I hate to ask, but how much longer are you gonna be?”

“Just a second. I’m sorry, I just have to wash up.” Arnie replied, seemingly oblivious to Relo’s dire emergency.

She heard the sink's water flow. Yet another wave. With her other free hand, she rattled the doorknob, pure desperation deluding her into thinking it would somehow open up and let her inside. The door finally did slide open, and Arnie looked sheepish and concerned. But before he could even fully leave the bathroom, Relo drunkenly pushed past him and her four arms frantically struggled to hike up her long dress, which now only served to delay her final gambit towards relief. Eventually the dress was raised and she managed to grab ahold of her panties, but Relo began pissing full-force before they were even pulled down all the way, soaking the fabric and leaving a small puddle on the bathroom floor in front of the toilet. She finally sat down, facing the toilet’s tank as hot piss stormed into the bowl for a few precious seconds, Relo’s antennae shifted around, reminding her of Arnie’s presence.

His face was beet red as he didn’t even have the time to escape the bathroom before she started pissing. Relo tried to clench her muscles and cut off the flow, but doing so sent a jolt of searing pain through her throbbing peehole as a tiny droplet trickle still managed to escape.

Arnie stammered, unable to get any words out, he stepped out from the bathroom and the moment the door closed behind him, Relo’s agonized body gave up even trying to hold back, releasing the rest of her massive torrent into the toilet water below. She peed and peed, and almost a minute had gone by when the flow finally slowed and came to an eventual stop. Relo breathed heavily, huffing as relief coursed through her veins. As she reached for some toilet paper with her right upper hand, a last surprise gush of piss found itself flowing out of her into the toilet. Finally empty, for the first time in hours, Relo felt fatigued as she grabbed the toilet paper to wipe her nether regions.

She had never pissed this much at once in her life, and the euphoria was unrivalled. But once that was gone, she was mortified. Her panties were draped around one of her legs, severely soaked with urine, the bathroom door was unlocked, she managed to make a puddle of pee on the floor right in front of the bowl, and Arnie saw her practically stripping before she could let out that torrential gusher. Relo felt tears well up in her eyes as she tried to pat down her panties into a drier, yet still soggy state. A futile effort. There was no way she could go commando, so she reluctantly got up from the toilet and pulled them back up, feeling the cold, sopping fabric rub against her body, sending a shiver up her back. She made little effort to clean up the piss from the floor, instead washing her hands as best as she could.

Then she assessed the damage on her dress, and she saw something that made her heart sink. A wet spot at the front of her dress. Right where her hands had been jammed, made bigger now since before the fabric was all bunched up between her legs when she leaked. Relo just couldn’t deal with it at this point, she cried and stumbled out from the bathroom, ready to just pay her tab and go home, accepting that she made a mess of herself and ruined her night. But when she emerged from the bathroom, she saw him. Arnie was still there. Granted, he was still beet-red, but he seemed more concerned for her than embarrassed at this point.

“R-Relo? Are you okay? I didn’t mean to-”

She didn’t answer right away, instead she just sobbed and mumbled about needing to go home. Her drunkenness didn’t really make things any better. The next few minutes were a bit of a blur, but Relo did recall paying her tab with some help from Arnie, before he helped walk her home. It was a slow walk, with Relo profusely apologizing the entire time. But Arnie stayed with her, each step of the way. Soon, once she got to her apartment building, her drunkenness had just started to fade. The two stood outside before Relo headed in.

“Arnie, I’m so sorry, I was drunk and should have said something soo-”

“Relo, stop. D-don’t worry. It happens. But, you’re home and everything’s gonna be alright. Alright?”

“I don’t know. But, thank you for helping me get home. I’m still too drunk to fly…” She laughed awkwardly, her voice was still laced with disappointment in herself.

Relo turned away, ready to head in, but before she did, Arnie asked for one last thing. He wanted to give her something, and from his pocket, he handed Relo a little piece of paper, folded very neatly.

“My friends told me to give this to you if you wanted it. ‘Put the ball in your court’ they said…”

Relo unfolded the paper and saw a phone number. Looking up at Arnie, she hugged him, promising she’d text him when she was sober. After a series of goodbyes, Relo finally headed inside, and Arnie left, both of them looking forward to the next time they’d meet again.

