Educational interest

Author: Breepee

*000*2022-07-16 13:52

Disclaimer - everyone in the story is over 18.

Writers comments - I’ve bee. Having this fantasy for a while and never had the time to share it. Hope everyone likes it. If this gets a good response I might try to make it a series. I am also a Bi female so writing from the male POV is slightly challenging

James was sat at home looking over the job boards desperate to get into teaching, he had done a few placements in the past but nothing ever turned into an actual job. He had just about given up hope when he get t a text.

“hey J, a friend of mine is a teacher looking for a male subject with some teaching experience. Want me to pass on your details?”

Hmm male subject? Strange way to work things he thought but hell if it leads to a job it’s worth taking.

”yes please pass than on, thanks man”

Half an hour later James gets the following email.

Dear James,

I got your email from Steve, he said you are trying to get into the teaching business. We currently have a vacancy, it is within a special department at our all girls school (18-21 yrs old)there are some slightly “different” requirements for this role than a standard role within our school, also it is sadly only part time but offers great wages. If you are interested please send us over an up to date CV.

Best wishes

Amy.

James read over the email a couple of times, he was sad it was only part time but if it meant he would get into an industry he loved he was willing to take the job. He was interested by the “different requirements” bit but it being a private all girls school it probably means enhanced back ground checks or something like that.

Over the next 2 weeks James interviewed with Amy, did some research on the school and kept checking his phone every 5mins to see if he was offered the Job.

Wednesday morning he was woken by a phone call, it was Amy. She was offering him the chance of a paid trial. Friday afternoon. 12.30 to 15.30 in a science class with her and 15 pupils. He was so excited he accepted straight away but Amy said to hold on a second.

Amy: Now James I know this is exciting, finally breaking the dam into your desired industry and getting to burst into education…

James felt a small twinge in his bladder when he heard the word burst and had to cross his legs.

But this class you will be attending with us… as you know from the interview… we wanted a male who we could use as sort of a subject for these girls… a good example is for Art class you would be the life model and the girls would paint / draw you… maybe with a waterfall behind you, or a stream…

The mention of water again cause a more powerful spasm in his bladder causing him to groan slightly, his last pee was at 21.00 the night before and now it was 09.00.

Erm are you ok James?

James: yea fine, sorry leg cramp…

Amy: oh right anyway tomorrows class will be science where we study the male body and urinary system.

They finalised some details and agreed James would meet Amy in reception at 12.00 to go over some details before class started at 12.30.

When the conversation ended James was holding himself and squeezing his penis for dear life, he never had to go this bad but it would have been rude to ask for a break during the call… it’s now 10.15 and the call had ended. James speed walks to the bathroom and pees for a solid 30seconds.

Thursday went by in a flash and soon Friday arrived, he woke up early, had some coffee, and Orange Juice with his breakfast and kept clock watching. He wanted to be slightly early to make a good impression, he peed showered and got dressed by 09.30. Called his friend to thank him for the recommendation and left the house at 10.30 on the dot.

He arrived at the school at 11.30, reported to reception and was told to wait in reception as he was slightly early. He was offered tea or coffee and he accepted a coffee. While in the reception waiting area he noticed lots of amazing art by the students on the walls. One of a waterfall with beautiful flowers, the detail was incredible, another of the ocean, with some shells and crabs on the beach.

However seeing the water made James feel a small spasm in his bladder reminding him he should probably pee before Amy arrived. He looks round the reception waiting room but only sees a female bathroom. Oh well I’ll ask when my coffee arrives he thinks.

He sits down and 5mins later his coffee arrives.

James: umm quick question… is there a bathroom I could use please?

Receptionist: sorry we only have female bathrooms as we are an all girls school, your the first male we have had here. There is a supermarket 20mins down the road if you need to go.

As she walks off James decides to wait until Amy arrives as it would take about 40mins to get there and back.

20mins later Amy arrives

Amy: Hi, James is it?

James: Yes nice to meet you.

Amy: so we have some paper work you need to fill in and then sign this document before we can start the trial.

She hands him the paper work and he glances over it and signed without really reading it.

James: umm Amy, I was wondering if you would mind if I went to the supermarket down the road? The receptionist said you don’t have any male bathrooms here?

Amy: oh that is true, only problem is the class is about to start, the girls were so excited we pulled the lesson forward… do you think you could wait until it’s over?

James: Over? You mean 15.30? That’s a bit of a long time…

Amy: Don’t worry, if you need any… help I’m sure I can assist… also how about when class is over I’ll help you pee here at the school instead of going all the way to the supper market and those gross bathrooms?

James at this point needs to go roughly 5/10 he knows he can wait a bit but 3.45 hours is a long time. He doesnt want to blow this chance at the job so agrees to wait.

James: that’s a very kind offer Amy. I’ll accept, I’m sure I can wait till 15.30.

They head off down the hall way, Amy explains the schools history and how it offers special classes to girls wanting to know more about the male form etc etc.

They arrive at the classroom and James is introduced to the class. He is told the first hour he can just sit and observe the discussions. Any starts talking about male hormones, male mindset, the male body. By the end of the hour James bladder is around 6.5/10 and he is having to cross his legs and fidget slightly. Amy calls for a 15mins break and the girls leave the room.

Amy: hey umm slightly personal question… I saw your fidgeting… we are covering the male urinary system next… would it be ok to tell the girls you need to go and it’s part of the lesson? I mean it was in the contract that you might have to be desperate for some lessons… but if you want to walk away that’s fine to…

James slightly shocked by this…

James: desperate? In the contract? Where?

Amy pulls out her copy and points to clause 6B on page 5.

“holder of this post consents to any requirement the school has of them. Including but not limits to - covering classes, helping with after school sessions, helping within the special projects wing Inc. Pee holding and demonstrations.”

James: oh umm I didn’t read that but sure I guess it wouldn’t hurt plus this is an in for me to get into teaching right?

Amy: 100% I like you already and I’ll be sure to put in a good word… never know, might lead to a full time roll!

James could have sworn she was overly excited by his situation, she seems almost happy when he said he would wait till after class earlier and now she kept touching his arm while she spoke and kept glancing down at his legs every time he “adjusted” into a more comfortable position.

15mins later and the girls return.

Amy: now class, we move onto the male urinary system… but before we begin we will break this down into 2 parts. Theory and practical. As you know James is our newest recruit and will be our male subject. If you haven’t noticed he is slightly fidgety as he really needs to pee… but sadly as an all girls school he is unable to go and use our bathrooms so he is having to hold it. He has also agreed to use his… situation (Amy turns and smiles at James, he is sure she is enjoying this now) to help with our studies… so let’s begin with theory…

For the next 45mins (2 hours in, 1hour 45 remaining) Amy talks about kidneys processing urine, bladder sizes, different drinks having different effects on the bladder. At this point James is about 7.8/10 having to constantly fidget. James put in his view on everything Amy says when required and offers insight into how drinks affect him personally.

Amy: right girls. Last 15min break. Out you go.

All the girls leave and Amy comes over to James again.

Amy: hey thanks for all the input it’s really helpful. Umm how are you doing?

Her eyes going down to James crossed legs

James: thanks happy to… h-help. Umm n-n-not so great, I really need to to… how much longer is left?

Amy: when they return in 15mins we hand 1hour 30 left… is that… ok?

She touches his arm and then sits down next to him and touches his knee…

James: umm yes sure I can wait…

Amy: Don’t worry..: the next part should help…

She proceed to wink at him and goes back to her desk. The girls return to class.

Amy: Right girls, now comes the practice part. So first we will talk about how men hold off peeing. She called James to the front to demonstrate holding methods and how effective they are, and asked if they were missing any? He completed the task but was getting more and more desperate…

Amy: now the final one is slightly tricky, if the male is aroused they find it hard to pee… James looks at Amy and she grins… so if I do this…

She processed to unbutton her shirt a little and shows off her neon pink Bra,

Amy: and this…

She undoes her trousers and pulls then down a little showing off a matching neon pink lace throng.

Amy: Dear James here should be getting slightly aroused and helping him hold back that tidal wave of pee.

James: umm yes that is correct being horny does help hold it.

Amy proceeds to pull her trousers back up and button up her shirt. Before telling James to sit down again.

Amy: now the male peeing stance

She then talks about how males pee, about urinals, toilets, and even in the shower. all this talk of toilets and letting go is making James very desperate. He is currently an 8.7/10.

Amy: now the last half an hour of class is Q&A anyone have any questions? A flurry of hands go up…

Amy: umm Jessica you first.

Jessica: thanks Miss. what about things that umm increase ones need? I know for me, seeing water or hearing rain makes me want to pee more.

Amy: good question! Now this differs from person to person. As you said hearing rain…

Amy looks at James and sees him fidgeting at the mention of rain.

Amy: has an effect on you. Making you need to go and let flow in the toilet. But rain has 0 effect on myself as an example. I could be in a downpour soaking wet and it wouldn’t affect me. So how about we try to find out subjects pee points? James please come stand up here…

James comes to the front of the class.

Amy: right James please tell us if any of these make you need to pee worse.

For the next 5mins the girls turn on taps, talked about water, rain, toilets, pee,

Amy could see James was barely holding on and called for the class to stop. At this point James had to continually hold himself and was sitting around a 9.2/10.

Amy: any other questions? Umm Kara?

Kara: umm how does a man actually pee? Could maybe James pee for us? To understand better?

Amy walks over to James and asks if he is ok with this? He says if it lets some of the pressure off fine but only if all the girls agree.

Amy: OK lady James is willing to do it but only to pee a little bit… if all girls agree they want to see. Show of hands who doesn’t want to see this?

Not one hand goes up.

Amy: ok James please come to the front and pee a little for us…

James can’t believe he is doing this but it’s for his own good… he stands at the front of the class. Unzips and pulls out his penis and tries to pee but he is to pee shy…

James : umm I think it’s everyone staring…

One girl turns in a tap at one of the sinks.

This causes a small trickle of pee to start coming out into the floor…

Amy: alright that’s enough, we don’t want to flood the entire lab or have to clean up to much.

James managed to stop the Flow but he is now bursting to go. 9.6/10

Amy can see James is barely holding on and wants to enjoy this for her self…

Amy: right class, that’s enough for today, you can all leave 15mins early, go on head home!

All the girls start to leave and Amy follows them to the door and locks it without James noticing. She walks back to him.

Amy: thank you so much for that, now we will quickly review your trial and then we should be golden…

James couldn’t believe this, he was beyond desperate to pee, Amy knew this and she wanted to do paper work?

James: umm Earlier you said you’d help me pee, could we do that first? I can’t hold this much longer?

Amy: now now, we need to finish up this trial paper work first so you can get off and pee… don’t want to cut it short and risk the job do we?

For the next 15mins they worked through the paper work, James sat there fidgeting, crossing his legs and even holding himself through his jeans… at this point Amy is beyond horny, she loves seeing his squirm around…

Amy: how are we doing down there?

She proceeded to place her hand at the top of James thigh of is crossed leg…

James: N-N-not good… I can’t w-wait much longer

Amy: let me help with that…

She undoes her shirt the whole way and takes off her trousers…

James : won’t you get in trouble for not being dressed?

Amy: I own the school… now all this talk of pee and seeing you squirm has made me need to go…

She walks to the rubbish bin and brings it over…

Amy: so if you can hold it while I pee in here the position is yours… sound like a deal?

James: I’ll try…

Amy positions her self over the bin and starts to pee full force through her pink panties

James holds himself for dear life but manages to make it through with only a small leak. His bladder is at 9.9/10

James: now please help me pee like you said you would…

Amy: OK I will, she takes the bin and pours it down the sink and turns the tap on, then walks back to James.

Amy: there you go I’m helping you pee… listen to that water pouring our, splashing into the sink before it flows away…

At this point James can’t take it any longer, he pulls our his penis and pee directly on the floor…

After 45 seconds he stops peeing and Amy comes up and kisses him and pushes him against the desk…

Amy: now whose a good boy? Do you want a reward?

She then crouches down and gives James the best blow job of his life…

Amy: so same time Tuesday?

James is left speechless but extremely happy with how things went…

*001*2022-07-20 10:11

Part 2.

Auther notes.

- I will turn this into a series I think.

- this chapter will have minimal pee content

- hope you enjoy

###

The following day (Saturday)

James couldn’t believe what had happened yesterday, he had gotten a job in the education sector all be it within a strange school, he had almost peed himself, had a blow job from Amy, and peed in front of her.

He played the scene over in his head a few times and started to pick up on Amy’s interest in him being desperate from the get go.

James texted his friend asking if he knew anything about the job or the school, while he was awaiting a response he opens up a web page and searches “peeing for sex”

“get horny from pee” and a few other mixtures of words. He stumbles across Omorashi.org and start going through posts and stories. After a hour or so he has made his mind up that Amy must have this pee fetish and was enjoying his struggles, but does he want to do this job knowing she could be doing this to him daily?

At the thought of it he noticed his penis twitching, was he getting aroused as the thought of this? Could he be getting turned on at the thought of being denied access to the toilet by Amy? His mind wandered back to the classroom where she peed in front of him but this time his imagination took over, when she peed he took her hand, bent her over the nearest desk, pulled her panties to the side…. DING

James was pulled from his fantasy by his phone, his friend had text back.

Text - Hey man, umm not to much, it’s owned by my wife’s friend Amy, seems nice enough, kind of an odd ball at times. Between you and me… she has nice tits, cute ass and is very flirty… school wise no idea man. Not a lot on Google either when I searched it. Just some general bio along with a statement about golden springs? Guessing it’s a money reference as they are a private school.

The phrase golden springs caught James’ attention. Could it be referring to… surely not he thought…He searched the school and found the site. Skimming over it’s a very nicely built site, he finds the about page and reads over how it was founded by Amy to help release and educate women into a much more open minded fun world. There was a picture of Amy next, looking very much the head teacher Apart from she is sitting on the edge of her desk instead of in a chair. Just seeing the image causes James Penis to twitch again.

He scrolled a little more and finally found the golden springs reference.

”we also offer special classes and prices for all golden springs members, please contact Amy for more information. Please have your Acc No to have and be ready to discuss your golden requirements / understanding / support”

Hmm strange James though, appears to be a private reference. He searched golden springs but he was met with multiple landmarks, holiday destinations and much more. He then searched golden springs Amy, again nothing. He tried golden springs pee…

Bingo! He thought, he found the site. It was a basic forum site with the tag line “girls, peeing is natural, but sexy, me like seeing us go, we like seeing them go” clicking around the site was slightly annoying as a lot of it was members only but there was one thing that caught his eye. A pinned post.

“want to learn more about your fetish? Want to enjoy seeing people desperate and learn more about pushing to the limits? Or want to simply draw a man desperate for fun? Please contract me directly for a fun opportunity in… education.”

This has to be it! James thought, Amy set up an all girls private school to help people understand this kink!

This then brought in the question did James really want to work here? Could he still use this as an in into the educational job he always wanted? As he was thinking about this he heard the doorbell ring. As he stood up he felt his bladder spasm.

James - wow where did that come from?

He looked at the clock and noticed he had been searching for almost 3 hours! No wonder he needed to pee! He heard the doorbell go again and decided he would pee after answering.

He opens the door and stood there is Amy.

Amy - hey umm sorry to intrude like this but I umm was in the neighbourhood and thought it might umm be wise to discuss your job trial… make sure your still comfortable? With everything?

James - yea sure come in.

James was shocked Amy, here in my house to discuss what happened yesterday? Amy walks in and sits on the sofa, James follows and as he sits down he is reminded of his bladder situation, he crosses his legs and hopes this doesn’t take to long. Bladder 7.2/10.

Amy - So umm err yesterday was your trial, I felt it went well and I just wanted to officially offer you the job? Also regarding the advertised pay… umm due to… how well the trial went we are now offering you a new pay grade…

She goes through her handbag looking for the contract

James - a new pay grade? But it was only a trial? Was it because I umm had an accident?

Amy - oh god no, the students loved the demonstrations and your answers! I loved it as well… erm I mean loved how well you worked with us all… here! So the contract states £75 a day we are now talking… ££275 per day… it is still only part time but we think this is fair due to the… umm lack of facilities we can offer you…

James knew she was offering this due to them having to mens bathrooms but he wanted her to admit this and admit he would need to pee when he was on site. He quickly thought up a plan…

James - lack of facilities? What ever do you mean Amy? The science lab was well facilitated… the taps seemed to work quite well if I remember correctly…

Saying this reminded him of his current issue of needing to pee… he could use this to test his pee fetish theory as well! He quickly crossed his legs the other way and rested a hand in his lap. Trying to be not subtle at all.

Amys eyes went down to his crossed legs and a small smile appeared…

Amy - yes you are correct the WATER did FLOW quite well in the science lab, the cleaners are also very well informed and paid well for service, the WASH the floors every night, spay WATER on the windows and clear out the BATHROOMS amazingly! Even the TOILETS smell amazing! Also the WATER pressure on the flush! They know how to make things FLOW like clockwork. But what we mean is there being no Male toilets on site for you to use.

Every reference to water or toilets James purposely changed positions. It did make him need to go more but not to much worse. Bladder 7.9/10

James - erm that’s g-good to know. So I did have one question regarding that.

Amy - go ahead let the questions flow…

James crosses his legs again at the word flow…

Amy - are you ok? You seem fidgety?

James - Y-yes fine, just have some… urgent business to attend to shortly…

James saw Amy fidget a little herself at this comment and noted her nipples poking through her shirt…

James - so the question… as you said lack of facilities, how would that work? I don’t think I can hold it all day and I doubt you want me sneaking into the science building to pee again?

That last comment was a bold move to see her reaction…

Amy - well umm here’s the thing… I’ve not been totally honest with you… this school is for umm girls with certain interests…. So you not have… facilities would work better for the classroom education….

James - so I’ll have to hold on all day?

Amy - no not at all… just be open to some long classes and full bladders tend to happen in long classes…

Amy changed her sitting position again and was now facing James directly, James looked her up and down and noticed her short skirt had slide up her thighs exposing Neon green panties…

Amy - one other thing… if you hadn’t noticed I really like you and you… performance yesterday…

James - glad you liked it, I also enjoyed your… performance shall we say. So how would we deal with the lack of facilities issue?

James crossed his legs again and pushed his hand into his crotch slightly (bladder 8.3/10)

Amy - are you sure your alright?

Her cheeks flushed a little as she quickly watch him squirm.

James - yes fine…

Amy - so lack of facilities, you could use the toilets in the supermarket 20mins down the road and come back but that is a long old trip… you could… come to my office… in the science block… and we could sort out a plan on a case by case basis…

James - sounds… fair. Now if you’ll excuse me a moment… that urgent business I said about earlier… is getting rather pressing…

His plan had worked he was 100% sure he was right but all this talk of toilets was really pushing him now… bladder (9.1/10)

James goes to stand up when Amy takes his hand and stops him…

Amy - urgent business? What could be so urgent to take you away from discussing your new job in education?

She has a devil smile and was still holding his wrist.

James - actually I was on my way to the loo when you rang the bell… really need to go if you don’t mind?

Amy - what if I do mind? What if this is in the middle of a class? You would have to hold it… let’s roleplay this as an example of what your do in school as our newest assistant…

15mins of roleplay later class ends and Amy advised James to come to her “office” which is her sat on his coffee table.

James - hey Amy, got a second?

Amy - always, Come have a seat…

James sits back on the sofa and he can see straight up Amy skirt from this angle (Amy was doing this on purpose)

James - so I’ve just finished another class, next one is in 30mins so I don’t have time to errm go to the supermarket…

Amy - oh you need to go?

James - Yes quite badly it’s been 4 hours since I last went…

Amy - hmm I see the problem here. 30mins to your next teaching class but it’s a 40min round trip to the toilet to let all the pee flow out and the pressure clear…

James crosses his legs and has to hold himself… how is she doing this in my own home? But god is she sexy doing it

James Yes that’s it. You said we would deal on a Oh damn that was close… on a case by case basis…

Amy - yes we will… So if you can answer these few questions you can use my private bathroom.

James - private b-bathroom?

Amy - yes, in my office, it’s wonderful, so quite and it’s really relaxing to just sit there and let it all go…

James - ok so questions? Please?

Amy - if you can get 4/5 right you can use it. If you fail to get this goal you have to… do something for me…

Amy - question 1. How badly do you need to pee? 0 / 10.

James - about a 9.5 it’s really bad

Amy - question 2. If you stopped doing that… (points to crossed legs and holding yourself) what would happen?

James - I would leak or worse just burst…

Amy Question 3. How did you know I enjoyed this? See you desperwte

James - internet research and theories

Amy Question 4. What colour panties am I wearing?

James - umm oh I really need to go… I nearly peed just then

Amy - stop trying to skip the question I’ve seen you looking…

James - green

Amy - good, now that’s 4 correct answers so I. Theory you can pee But I still have one question left to ask… she gets up and sits next to him… she rests her hand right over his bladder… question 5… if I press here what will happen?

Without warning she gentle presses down and James leaks into his pants…

James - oh no aarrrhhb ok I stopped it, I will pee… like just now…

Amy - hmm ok so bonus question…

James - quickly then I’ll pee any second…

Amy - can I fuck you right here right now?

She slowly lifted her skirt to reveal slightly damp panties

###

Who wants another part?

