Best Urinal Story of all time?

Author: bibibibi

*000*2018-12-05 05:20

Hey what would everyone say is the best fanfiction/fiction where a female pees in a urinal? 

*003*2018-12-06 07:59

{{4 hours ago, FullBladder85 said: 

I enjoy stories with women peeing in a urinal as well, unfortunately they're quite rare. 

I can only think of a small number of stories that have a woman peeing in a urinal, but in general those stories ignore the urinals until the end of the story when the female pees in one. I've written a few stories that end with a woman peeing in a urinal, but again it's the same story, the urinal is only important at the end, it could easily be replaced with anything else and the story wouldn't really change. 

If you enjoy stories that focus heavily on urinals the entire time to drive the plot you'll probably enjoy this story, A Desperate Girl In Urinal Land, written by DesperateJill. Someone posted a thread about this story some months ago (it's a great story), so you may have read it before. 

}}

Lol I actually posted that story. 

*008*2018-12-07 04:30

{{5 hours ago, Char242 said: 

I've written several stories featuring girls peeing in urinals. I don't know how popular they are or if they're very good, but here is a list of the ones I have written so far. They have all been posted to this site. 

- Nana to Kaoru: A Dom, a sub, and a Urinal 

- Nisekoi Stories: Story 2: "Seishirō and the Men's Bathroom" (This is one of my favorite ones that I've written.) 
 
- Please Notice Me Senpai ( one of my original works, brief scene in chapter 3) 

- Issei, Rias and Akeno: Trapped in the Men's Room 

}}

Please post them! 

*012*2018-12-25 04:12

Bump: Any more 

*018*2022-09-14 19:41

{{17 hours ago, Ms. Tito said:

I would also recommend Limited Edition by secretomoacc

, although it's not always urinals, sometimes it's just peeing standing up into a regular toilet, sometimes it's urinals, and sometimes it's outside on a wall or a tree.

}}

1 of the best stories on the site, I think

