The Couple in the Elevator

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2018-03-18 02:40

Kait: The dinner was perfect. Todd and I went out for our first anniversary after weeks of barely seeing each other. It’s tough to find time to be together when both our jobs are so time consuming, but we found it.

The afterwards however, has not been as pleasant. I had such a great time during dinner that I had forgotten to use the restroom before leaving, which I could’ve handled it if the elevator up to our apartment hadn’t decided to stop only halfway up.

Now a half hour later, my bladder is filled beyond bursting. I look over at Todd. He seems so calm. I don’t know he does it, always keeping his cool and being patient with everything, especially me. Maybe that’s what I love the most about him.

My bladder decides to interrupt my fawning and sends another cry for help to my brain. I tap my foot trying to distract my brain but the loud clicking of my heels on the elevator floor are more annoying than helpful.

”You alright babe?” Todd says to me. He ‘s standing on the far side of the elevator. Thankfully it’s just the two of us inside. If anyone else was there to witness my predicament I think I would die of embarrassment.

”I’m fine, don’t worry.” I smile at my husband and try to give my most confident pose.

Todd: Kait looks so cute trying to hide it. My wife had her biggest smile on her face and was standing in the sexiest pose she had. Of course I could still tell she needed a toilet soon but I pretending to not be able to tell to humor her. The truth is I would greatly enjoy this if I wasn’t about to piss myself aswell.

My bladder keeps pulsing, as if it wants me to piss myself in front of the beautiful woman standing a few feet from me. Everything about her is perfect. Her wavy auburn hair, her long legs protruding out from under her sexy white dress, even her little toes sticking out from her open-toe heels. Not that I have a foot fetish, just the first part of her I happened to notice.

I lean against the elevator wall, trying to focus on my wife and not my predicament. My staring was interrupted when a jet of piss landed in my underwear. I try to play it off but it’s uncomfortable as hell. I shift around, trying to even put the wetness but at the same time I don’t want to make it obvious.

Kait: It’s bad now, it’s real bad. I’ve held it during long meetings and slow traffic but never has it gotten to this extreme. I gently rub my thighs together, hoping to close off my “opening” without having to hold myself. I’m a grown woman right? I would hope after twenty-eight years of life a woman would be able to hold in her pee, but now I’m not too sure.

I notice Todd is shifting in place. Does he need a restroom too? I can’t remember if he went before leaving the restaurant or not. If he did go he’s smarter than me.

“Hey, is anyone in there?” The voice of the firefighter frightened me, and before I knew it I had let out a leak right into my panties.

”Yeah, me and my wife!” Todd shouts back. His voice sounded tense and anxious, I think he does need a pee. My bladder again reminds me I also need to go, forcing me to cross my legs to try to stop the pain.

“We should have it open soon, just be patient and it should be open in a few minutes. A few minutes? I don’t know if I have a few minutes.

*006*2018-03-19 19:35

{{4 hours ago, SAM996 said:

You said you were interested in one of my scenarios I posted awhile back. Are you still interested?

}}

Yes, I’ve just been planing for this one for a while. Definitely still interested.

*008*2018-03-24 18:23

{{5 hours ago, buddy said:

Perfect, I love how they both try to hide their predicament! Please go on!

}}

I want to keep going but I’m not gonna lie I’m honestly stumped on what to have happen next.

*012*2018-07-05 01:29

Note: It’s been a while but I’m finally returning to this story, hope you like the ending. It gets a little sexual in this part.

###

Kait: I’m gonna wet myself soon, I can feel it. I had a lot of water at the restaurant. Todd barely looks like he’s moving. He can make it to the firemen opening the door,he can make it too anything. I’m gonna have to deal with the embarrassment of peeing myself as an idea and he’s not.

I reach down to my thigh, squeezing it slightly to try to distract from the pain. No traffic jam comes close to this. I can feel my bladder pushing down on my womanhood but I refuse to hold myself, I can’t let Todd know.

Its not fair, he can hold it so easily, or can he? A devilish idea pops into my head.

Todd: I see Kait struggling. She has to go so bad. I have to piss bad too, but damn. Her perfect legs couldn’t sit still for a second. Man I wish I could just enjoy this without my own bladder being obnoxious.

”Babe, how you feeling over there?” Kait calls over to me. She begins to walk towards me, her legs quivering with every step.

“Fine babe.” I try to stay confident. I refuse to show weakness in front of her. She too perfect. What if I piss myself in front of her? She deserves a stronger man than that, maybe I’m not good enough for her.

”I just want to make sure your feeling alright.” She approaches me and sends her hand down to my crotch! I moan in pleasure as she rubs my cock. My bladder cries no but my penis cries yes.

She rubs her hands all over my crotch, or at least whatever she touch through my pants. My bladder cries out in pain but I’m too horny to pay attention.

I feel wet piss shout into my pants, I manage to stop the flow but before several streaks run down my legs. Kait is smiling devilishly as she fondles me, very much enjoying my half pleasure half agonizing pain.

Kait: I love watching Todd moan. It’s like I control him. I look him dead in the eyes as I rub his cock, if the elevator hadn’t stopped I would’ve already been on that cock in the bedroom by now. I feel a evil sort of pleasure as I feel warm jets of piss hit my hand through his pants.

I started to lean in to kiss him as the elevator started up again. I leaped back and let out a small shriek in fright. A strong jet of piss shot right through my panties onto the floor. The elevator started to go up and up towards our floor. My bladder begged for relief.

When we reached our floor we quickly exited the elevator and started to walk to our apartment. My heels heavily hit the floor sending vibrations up my legs into my bladder. Todd unlocked the door and we ran in. I stood back, letting him go first as I had embarrassed him by fondling him and causing him to slightly piss himself.

This proved to be my downfall as the sound of Todd peeing was too much for my bladder. I gave way, sending piss running down my legs. I let out a moan and Todd knew exactly what was going on. I think it’s fair to say that wasn’t my only moan that night.

