A First Date (Sequel to At a Diner)

Author: Bladder_Queen

*000*2022-01-13 03:00

BZZ BZZ

I glance down at my phone, and a text from him pops up.

Here

I type quickly as I spritz perfume onto my neck one last time and step into my shoes.

Coming!!!

His black car is parked in front of my apartment building, and I can hear music already being played from it. I remember telling him I liked listening to lo-fi hip-hop to relax, and I already know he took quick note of it.

He jumps out of the car when he sees me exiting the building, rushing to the passenger’s side door. He opens the door, and holds a hand out to help me step into his car. I blush and smile at this chivalrous gesture as I buckle my seat belt and he gets back into the car.

After our experience with one another when we first met, we agreed that our first date should be more laid back and no pressure. But I secretly hope that he has small intentions for something with excitement.

He drives us to a bar near my house where we can get drinks and food while we get to know one another. We get a nice booth in the corner of the bar, very secluded from the rest of the business going on. He sits across from me and smiles in a way that is shown all across his face. Our waitress quickly comes over to us to take our order.

“I’ll have an amaretto sour?” I say, smiling up at her from my seat.

“A double Jack? … please” he says. The waitress quickly rushes away to get our drinks. I glance through the menu, and then back up at him. He is staring at me, still with that smile.

“Do you know what you are going to get?” I ask while hiding my awkwardness. He takes a minute to answer as he still stares at me. It’s not an inappropriate stare, he is looking right at my face, but I wish I knew what he was thinking.

“What?... oh yeah! I’m getting the steak tacos. What about you?” his eyes snap out of the trance, and I can see his eyes glance around, and then back at me. I can’t tell if he knows he was staring or if he was doing it on purpose, but I can’t say that it bothers me. His eyes are beautiful, and I love the presence it gives when he looks at me. He already makes me feel so wanted and desired.

“I think I’m getting the same thing,” I giggle, “I get tacos wherever I go, I feel like,” the bus boy brings us some glasses of ice water and a basket of popcorn. I immediately pick up the glass and begin sipping.

“Have you had them here?” he asks.

“Yeah, I think I doordashed them a while back, and I think I really liked them. Did you want to get an appetizer?” I glance back down at the menu to see if anything else interests me.

“If we’re both getting tacos, how about chips and salsa? Or queso?” he leans over and points at my own menu. His hands shock me at how attractive they are. His fingers are long with the knuckles well pronounced. The nails are trimmed neatly, but he has working hands with dark lines.

“Yeah, that sounds really good! I love chips and queso.” I nod, and feel a bit let down when he pulls his hand away.

Our waitress comes by with our drinks, mine is served in a tall glass with two maraschino cherries on top, and his in a short glass.

“Are you guys ready to order?” she asks while she grabs a notepad from her apron.

“Yeah, we are going to start with the chips and queso, and we will both be having the steak tacos,” he explains and grabs my menu to give to her.

“Okay! Thank you, coming right up!” she tucks the notepad back into her apron, and takes the menus from him. We sip on our drinks and talk while we wait for our food. The bus boy comes by with more water for my glass. I know I drink more when I’m nervous, and I thought I would have it more under control since the last time we saw each other, I embarrassed myself, and it could not get any more awkward than it already was. But I am still drinking while he talks, and I pause when it is my turn to talk. I think it is something of a distraction for my mouth and it stops me from making any stupid faces, but I find myself on my third glass of water and my second amaretto sour when our food comes.

I break apart the chips to dip them in the queso dip, and that becomes my mouth distraction. He talks a lot more than I do, and he is really funny, so I do not mind being the one to sit and laugh when it is appropriate. I lick my teeth and drink a big gulp of water when it is my turn to talk again, afraid of food being in my teeth or across my mouth. Again, I soon realize that I’m going through drinks way too fast. I know he notices it too because when I get my fifth glass of water filled, his eyes go to my stomach. I can only assume he is imagining my bladder expanding and hoping that it bursts in the way it did when he saw me at work.

He will be surprised to know that I am pretty talented at holding it. While I have had a lot to drink, it is pretty easy to hide and take care of in a short period of time. At work, I have to hold it all day long, and while some days do get out of hand, I have it managed pretty well.

When the waitress brings the tacos to our table, I ask for another amaretto sour. Other than wetting myself, I am not worried about the amount of alcohol I’m consuming on account of the food and near gallon of water I have consumed. She brings it back quickly, and while we eat our matching dinner, we continuously glance up at one another. I don’t know why he does it, but I do it to see if I can catch him staring at me. His eyes are so round, bright, bold, and I feel them on me when I take bites. I begin to over think what I’m doing, not knowing if he is admiring me or judging the size of bites I take, the amount I’m eating, the way I eat.

“What do you think? Is it good?” I giggle, trying to break the silence.

“Yeah, definitely! They’re great. What about you?” He wipes his mouth with his napkin after answering me.

“Yeah, but I feel as though you can wrap anything in a corn tortilla, and I’ll love it,” I laugh, then take another sip from my drink. He watches me as I do so. I know he wants to ask why I drank so much or how I felt, but he doesn’t. Maybe he’s not that interested in my piss kink the way that I thought. I was hoping this would get his attention or make him more excited, but I can’t tell.

“Would you want to get dessert too?” he asks.

“Oh yeah definitely! Let’s just split one though, we have already eaten so much.” I say while I push my plate away.

The waitress comes back, offering the dessert menu, and while he takes it, he slides it between us. I lean forward and glance down at it with him. I can smell his light cologne, a soft musk that flows from him.

“What about this one?” I say, pointing at the warm brownie that comes with icecream on top.

“That’s fine with me!” He slides the menu to the edge of the table. The waitress comes back, and same as before, he orders for us. I ask for another amaretto sour, and he returns to staring at me, analyzing my decisions of drink.

When she comes back with our plate, she only has one spoon. I notice it and I’m sure he does too. I assume we are going to ask for another, but he doesn’t so I don’t. He picks up the spoon, slides it over the ice cream and into the thick brownie chunk, and turns it towards me. I blush when I realize he wants to feed me. I lean forward and wrap my lips around the spoon, then slowly pull away. I chew really slowly, still blushing at this act of intimacy. He takes his own bite and chews, smiling at me. I wash my bite down with the rest of my water, then take the spoon after he finishes chewing. I repeat the process, scooping the ice cream and brownie, then leaning forward to feed the bite to him, then taking a bite for myself. We go back forth, feeding one another silently, yet erotically.

On the last bite, I lean forward again, but this time I feel a little trickle going down the side of my thigh. I immediately pull back and sit against the back of the booth, suddenly embarrassed. I begin to panic, not knowing what to do or what the situation is going to be like. I realize the alcohol loosened me up, and I had little control over that moment, but I’m fine if I remained the way I was. I relax my shoulders and smile back at him, taking another sip of my amaretto sour.

“Thank you for taking me out… I really appreciate it,” I say, sliding my hand across the table, on top of his.

“My pleasure, I’m happy that you agreed to come out with me,” he responds, rubbing his thumb against the back of my hand “Are you ready to go?”

“Yeah, I think so! I certainly cannot eat anymore,” I giggle at him.

The waitress brings our check to us, and he pulls his card out first, laying it in her booklet.

“I’ll get the next one,” I say, nodding my head at his card.

“I get another date?” he smirks at me.

“I don’t see why not?” I giggle again, taking another sip from my drink. While we sit and talk while waiting for the check to come back, I begin to feel an ache in my bladder. I guess I hadn’t really paid attention to how much I had been drinking. The panic sets in when I try to scoot out in order to reach my purse and my jeans squeeze my bladder tightly, again, I feel a drip leak out of me. I squish my thighs together and shift my weight. I’m not as good at holding it as I thought…

When the waitress gets back with our check, I grab my purse quickly and stand up, covering my legs with it.

“I’m going to go use the restroom, and then we’ll go?” I smile at him as he is just putting his wallet away.

“Huh? Oh yeah, for sure!” he looks disappointed as I waddle off to the lady’s room, already feeling like I’m going to burst. I turn the corner when I see my worst nightmare. A line of women all standing outside the door of the bathroom. My eyes widen when I see that there are only 2 toilet stalls and a line of 10 girls in front of me. I would never be able to make it in time.

I rush back to the table, and grab my coat.

“Nevermind, the line was too long. Let’s just go, yeah?” I say quickly, near out of breath.

“Yeah… is there a problem?” he questions. He glances down at where I’m holding my purse and jacket. My leg begins to bounce as a way to settle my urgency. I glance around the bar to make sure no one is staring.

“No… well yeah… but we have to go now… I would like to go now,” I say nodding my head towards the door. He nods and grabs his jacket from his side of the booth and immediately gets behind me, almost as if he already knows the leaks I have on my jeans.

“I was really impressed with the amount of drinks you had tonight. Did they catch up to you?” he whispers into my ear as he guides me towards the door.

“Yes… quicker than I thought” I whisper back, wincing as the ache in my bladder begins to pulse. He holds me close as he rushes me to his car. Already, I feel his cock harden against the back of my leg, but I choose not to mention it and focus on the problem we are currently trying to solve. I am trying to take long deliberate steps so as not to leak anymore.

“Can you hold it if I drive you back?” he asks, opening the door for me.

“Yeah, I should be okay, I think,” I respond. I actually don’t know. I was not expecting this to come so quickly and so urgently. It feels like when we met all over again. I think about the time it takes to get to my house, and I feel like if he puts the pedal to the metal, I should make it back safe. I get in and quickly buckle my seat belt, then he starts the car. As he backs up and turns the car around, I feel the bulge of my bladder press against the bottom of the seat belt. He is driving towards my apartment, and I feel as though we are making good time. If I don’t embarrass myself, maybe I can even invite him inside.

And then my bad luck shows up again. The railroad traffic arms come down with bright flashing lights and a loud bell. I groan in despair, squirming in the seat, cupping my crotch with urgency. He looks over and bites his lip out of sympathy. I can tell he’s trying to think of a solution to my problem, but nothing is looking good for me and my bladder is about to burst. The freight train zooms through and passes us quickly, but I know I’m losing valuable time. At any moment the floodgates are going to open, and I am going to ruin his car with my waterfall of piss.

“Okay, I have an idea if we don’t make it, but this is a last resort,” he puts the car in park and unbuckles in order to get into the back seat. I hear some rattling and then rustling as if something small is being poured out onto the back seat. He comes back with a giant jar.

“I keep this in my car for emergency pretzels, but I can donate the jar to your unfortunate cause,” he laughs and hands it over to me. I hold onto the giant jar and feel comforted that I have a way out if I need it. “However, I might still want to watch you release all that you have inside of you,” he winks.

I’m shifting my weight back and forth on my hips as the train finally finishes. The arms go back up, and he begins driving again. It seems as though I can’t catch a break because as the car bumps over the railroad tracks, my bladder loosens and I leak another drop.

“I hope you won’t be mad if I have a little accident…” I whimper.

“Leather seats are easy to clean, don’t worry about it,” he says. I look back down at his crotch and see that his cock is still rock hard, pressing against the inside of his pants. I know I have to go, but I really wanted that bit of excitement to go along with our night. I reach over and begin to rub the outline of his dick. His eyes widen and he turns to me with a gasp.

“You… You don’t need to do that right now,” he lets out a moan as I massage his cock more sensually.

“I know you said you liked seeing me hold my bladder, I can only imagine how much this is turning you on,” I whisper, unbuckling my seat belt and getting onto my knees in the seat. With one hand, I unzip his pants, and with the other, I’m holding onto my crotch, making sure I wouldn’t leak as he drove. I kiss up and down his neck while tugging his pants down his thighs. His cock pops right up as I pull his boxers around it.

“I knew it was driving you crazy,” I whisper into his ear and bite his ear lobe while I stroke his dick. He moans softly and takes deep breaths as he is still trying to focus on the road. I lean down and squeeze my thighs together, still trying to overcome and not think about the Niagara Falls that would soon happen if he didn’t get me back soon. I wrap my lips around his dick and begin to suck slowly. He lets out a heavy groan of pleasure as I take more and more into my mouth. I bob my head up and down while pressing the tip of my tongue along the sides of his cock.

I know he has pulled into my apartment complex’s parking lot when he slows down and creeps into a parking spot. At this point, I know I can’t just leave him like this, so I keep pleasuring him. I force my face further down and continue to suck his cock, rubbing the base of it with my free hand. He puts his hand on the back of my hand and holds my hair up for me. He leans his seat back and begins to thrust his cock into my throat. I gag and my mouth overflows with saliva over his dick. He moans louder and louder, and then squeezes my hair tightly. I then feel his hot cum shoot down the back of my throat. He holds my head there for a moment, still thrusting softly.

After he finishes, he lets go of my head, and when I sit up, it feels as though all the fluid in my body has returned. I begin to leak onto his seat, and not just the little sprinkle from before, but actively bursting, right in his car.

“Oh shit!” I yell, grabbing his pretzel container. I jump out of the car, tear down my already soaked pants, and finish my bladder’s explosion into the empty container. I fill it up nearly half way before I’m completely done. I look up to him and smile. I had not even thought to look around and see if anyone else was in the parking lot with us, I was just so happy to have sucked him off and finally been able to release my aching bladder.

I pull up my pants, soaked in urine, then grab my jacket and purse from his car.

“After I get some paper towels, maybe come in for a night cap?” I giggle and blush at him.

“I think you are good on drinks for tonight, girly,”

