Elsa’s Accident: A Frozen FanFiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-03-09 21:58

Elsa was naked when she woke up in her bed and she had a full bladder. She immediately got out of bed, Elsa’s room had no bathroom so she was free to pee anywhere but not the bed. So she got up and stood on the carpet as she started hopping and dancing on the spot. Her bladder shaking while she is doing this, her desperation is starting to hurt her as she moans as loud as she can.

She keeps moaning and then she could feel her flood gates open with a sudden hssting noice as she started peeing herself, her pee came out from her pussy making the carpet very wet. Her pee was running down her legs onto the carpet, Elsa moaned in happiness as she empty her bladder.

Anna woke up from her wet bed and got dressed. Elsa was still in her room naked, Anna got out of her room as she was singing and left. Elsa quickly walked out to use the royal bathroom to clean her wet pussy before putting on her clothes. Elsa finished this and put her clothes on and waiting for her coronation.

10 minuets later

Elsa drank 5 or 6 glasses of water with Anna talked as Anna told her about Hans as Elsa did not approve this and she got very mad and she made Arendelle winter. Elsa ran to a near by mountain were she was going to stay there, she found the mountain and started to sing let it go. Before she started singing she felt her bladder working, but she started hoping that she can use an ice toilet to pee in.

The snow glows white on the mountain tonight

Not a footprint to be seen

A kingdom of isolation

And it looks like I'm the queen

(she crossed her legs together).

The wind is howling like this swirling storm inside

Couldn't keep it in, heaven knows I've tried

Don't let them in, don't let them see

Be the good girl you always have to be

Conceal, don't feel, don't let them know

Well, now they know

(she started moaning).

Let it go, let it go

Can't hold it back anymore

Let it go, let it go

Turn away and slam the door

I don't care what they're going to say

Let the storm rage on

The cold never bothered me anyway

(Elsa let out a small squirt of pee making her panties damp).

Let it go, let it go

Can't hold it back anymore

Let it go, let it go

Turn away and slam the door

(she trying to regain control over her bladder).

Let it go (go, go, go go, go go, go go, go, go, go go)

Let it go

Let it go

Let it go

(She bent over and put her hands on her pussy).

It's funny how some distance makes everything seem small

And the fears that once controlled me can't get to me at all

It's time to see what I can do

To test the limits and break through

No right, no wrong, no rules for me

I'm free

(she let out a moan and dancing on the spot).

Let it go, let it go

I am one with the wind and sky

Let it go, let it go

You'll never see me cry

Here I stand and here I stay

Let the storm rage on

(more moaning).

My power flurries through the air into the ground

My soul is spiraling in frozen fractals all around

And one thought crystallizes like an icy blast

I'm never going back, the past is in the past

(she let out a bigger squirt of pee and made her panties wetter).

Let it go

The cold never bothered me anyway

Let it go, let it go

And I'll rise like the break of dawn

Let it go, let it go

That perfect girl is gone

Here I stand in the light of day

Let the storm rage on

(Elsa left the song with a moan).

Just seconds later Elsa could not hold it anymore when she sang this lyric

Here I stand

In the light of day

Let the storm rage on,

The cold never bothered me anyway!

Elsa started losing control as she started peeing herself her panties were warm and wet, there was a big mark on her dress and her peeing running down her legs legs and into her high heels. Her pee also going on the floor of her balcony as she didn’t make it to a bathroom.

*002*2018-04-26 00:32

{{On 10/03/2018 at 7:21 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

Thanks Melificentfan

