2065 - Water Usage Restrictions

Author: beachpeelover

*000*2025-04-14 08:58

"It is Saturday, August 1st 2065", the AI generated news presenter anounced, "Today marks the beginning of the new water usage law, the last step on our 5 year plan to restrict water usage to a bear minimum." Jess smiles. "Finally", she thinks. As the leader of the project Jess of course already knew what would happen today, but it feels good that everything went to plan.

The planet might be slowly dying the heat death, but Jess is sure with her project she saved humanity's future. It all started a few years ago with the invention of an incredible powder that cleans your body perfectly. With this the need to shower was removed. Only two years later showering was restricted to once a month and eventually completely forbidden. Jess invested millions for further investigations but it all paid it's price. A small pill was invented that changes the body's digestive system. With this pill pooping was no longer necessary and pee changed to have no bacteria and no smell. It was still not drinkable, that would be an invention for the future, but Jess was sure that was enough to prohibit the use of toilets.

It was know to the public for half a year that yesterday was the last time they we're allowed to use the toilet. The pills were given out for free, you only need to take one per week. Jess and her team started campaigns to inform the public and provide suggestions for how to deal with your business from now on. Pee in the rivers, pee in the grass, pee in your pants - everything is fine as long as you are fine with it. The modified pee will not smell, will not create stains, it will behave just like water. You can even use it to water your plants.

Pleased with her success Jess takes the last sip of her coffee and heads out to her balcony where she quickly pulls her shorts down and squats to release the fluids that build up in her bladder over night. Jess knows not everybody likes the new rules, but she knows it's best for the planet. "Hey, there", she waves at her neighbour who just entered his balcony. He waves and smiles awkwardly before saying sorry, turning around and releaving his bladder aswell. "Nothing to be sorry about, it's the new normal", Jess said and smiled.

(to be continued...)

