The Hottest Omorashi I Could Possibly Write

Author: BasementTzar

*000*2021-05-19 06:17

I recently sat down and thought, "If I were to read the hottest omorashi fic ever, what would it be?" And this is what I came up with. Let me know how I did and what you thought! I know I had a lot of fun writing it.

The two women stood on the sidewalk, their asses bobbing up and down as they knotted their legs around each other. They openly held themselves where they stood, so full of urine there was absolutely nothing else they could do to hold back. Kirsten was so full to bursting that she couldn’t stop rubbing herself through her panties. Tori’s normally huge bladder was threatening to humiliate her any second after all the beers she’d had to drink.

The two of them stood mostly in one place, though pacing a bit as they tried to deal with their enormously full bladders. “Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuuuuuck” Kirsten groaned, knotting her legs together. “I literally can’t hold it Tori… oh god i wanna piss! I wanna piss so bad!!” Kirsten doubled over, writhing and touching herself in agony, her ass trembling.

Tori could feel her body desperate to relieve its burden “Oh fuck yeah, i know what you mean girl, i gotta piss so bad right now!!” the truth was she had been feeling her bladder fill with urine for the past several hours, but was so distracted hanging out with everyone that she had forgotten to go. Then suddenly it was closing time, and Tori found herself out on the street on the verge of having an accident if she didn’t find a toilet soon.

Kirsten saw a trio fo women emerge from an alleyway nearby, conspicuously straightening their clothes. She gave Tori a nudge. “Come on, let’s pee there!”

Tori looked at Kirsten in shock. “For real?!”

“Do you have any better ideas?”

Tori had to admit Kirsten was right. With the ever mounting pressure in her abdomen she didn’t have time to be choosey. By the time they hobbled into the alley, Kirsten preparing to lift her skirt and Tori already unfastening her zipper, the disgusting alleyway was seeming like a better and better place to relieve themselves. They couldn’t stop talking to each other in frantic whispers about how badly they needed to piss, how full their bladders were, how close they were to wetting themselves. They didn’t even plan to take turns, neither of them could wait that long.

Just as the two women got their garments removed and fell into a squat, a bright light came from the alleyway’s entrance. “Hey you two!” a male voice yelled. “I saw y’all! You better not be pissin’ back here!”

They had both started to pee just as the voice yelled at them.

Although denying themselves further relief felt like torture, the two women forced themselves to stop peeing and stood back up, rapidly fastening their clothes back on themselves, almost in tears from their stinging need to piss. Kirsten felt herself repulsed as a few scant trickles of pee ran down her legs. Neither of them could stand up straight anymore as they hobbled from the alleyway. “Fucking ass!!”Kirsten yelled behind her.

The women had no choice but to wait for their taxi with absolutely swollen bladders. By the time their ride came, they were just glad to be able to sit down to hold themselves now, but the two women were still incredibly strained. Kirsten kept her right hand buried between her legs, pressed firmly and urgently into her pussy as she rocked back and forth in desperation. Tori writhed in absolute crossed-legs urgency, her mind so overtaken with the need to piss that she couldn’t stop rubbing herself. Her tummy was hard as a rock inside her jeans. At the first red light, the two women started to panic. “Ohgodohgodohgodohgodohgooooddddddd!! I’m seriously gonna pee soon Tori!!” Kirsten squeeled. The truth was, she had just felt the slightest trickle dampen the crotch of her lacy blue panties. The feeling of the wetness between her fingers drove her mad with shame. How could she, at 25, be this close to losing control of her bladder?

But Tori wasn’t faring any better. Her hand moving rapidly between her thighs, her legs twisting and knotting around each other, Tori didn't seem to be able to actually reply and hold her urine at the same time. Kirsten had noticed this before about Tori. Whenever she was extremely desperate in class, she would go completely quiet and Kirsten would have no idea what was up with her until she heard her friend’s explosive hissing pee in the bathroom right after class.

“If you two make a mess, you’re paying for it,” the driver snarled.

“Well please hurry!!” Kirsten yelled back. “I’ve gotta pee like right now! And my friend is about to burst!”

“Yeah, I can see that! You two must be bustin’ alright!” The diver laughed.

Tori writhed even harder in her seat, “oh gooodddddddd i’m gonna pee i’m gonna pee!”

“Are your panties wet? “ the driver laughed, and tapped the camera pointedright at them. “Nevermind, I’ll figure it out.”

“OH MY GOD, YOU’RE DISGUSTING!!” tori screamed.

“Hey, I pick up people who have drunk too much all the time. Just protecting myself. So, are you two going to wet yourselves on camera in my backseat?”

The two women shook their heads, though unconvincing. The driver cackled and made and adjustment to the camera. "Tell youtube how bad you gotta piss! Like, are you two even gonna make it? I’m seriously doubtful!”

“Ugh, you fucking pig,” Kirsten snarled.

“Hey, you’re the ones who barely seem to be house broken, I”m just enjoying the show! How much have you had to drink anyway?”

The driver continued to taunt the two desperate women and recorded their squirming in his back seat.

Somehow, by the skin of their teeth, the two of them made it the fifteen-minute ride to Kirsten’s house without fully wetting themselves. But neither of them were exactly dry anymore. Both of them were equally terrified and ashamed feeling their bladders leak the tiniest spurts of piss into their panties, knowing they were on camera. They both felt intense surges of desperation coming on faster and stronger than before. By the time they made it to their destination, they were practically humping the seats as they fought with their very last efforts to stay dry till they reached a toilet.

“I should have you both show me your panties before you’re allowed to leave,” the driver smirked as they hurriedly and frantically exited the taxi. “Bet you two broke the seal back there!”

The women flipped him off as they hurried away but didn’t waste anymore time on him. The absolutely urgent need to pee had overtaken all their thoughts. Kirsten could feel the gusset of her panties was soaked with piss, but she didn’t think it was enough to dampen the taxi’s seat. At least, she hoped not. The two of them ran, if you could call the hunched-over shuffling and stiff-legged gait they had to use “running”, as fast as they dared up to Kirsten’s front door. Tori was now swearing and moaning non-stop. “Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck i’m gonna wee myself, i’m gonna wee myself, i’m gonna wee myself!”

“Me too!! Oh no where’s the key?” Kirsten truly started to panic now as she started going through her purse and couldn’t find the key.

“What?! Kirsten you don’t have your house key?!”

“No I have it!! I have it!!” Kirsten turned her purse upside down and shook it, sending makeup and different items scattering. “it has to be here!!”

Tori was now a complete twitching, writhing mess of a person. Her legs knotted and unknotted repeatedly, her face was deeply scarlet as her hand pushed even harder into her pussy. Tori began to scream in horror at her friend. “Kirsten!! I can’t FUCKING believe you! I can’t wait, I can’t wait, I’m gonna pee, I”m gonna…” Tori suddenly trailed off, her eyes fluttering shut, and her lips parting. A look of sheer ecstasy crossed her face, followed almost instantly by the most furious hissing and splashing sound Kirsten had ever heard. She instinctively glanced down Tori’s legs and deeply regretted it. The young woman was peeing full-force into her shorts, hard enough to send a sputtering stream pouring directly from the crotch and showering the makeup Kirsten had just dumped on the porch. That was $40 worth of products she was never touching again.

Kirsten hunched over, legs bouncing ceaselessly as she held herself, plugging her urethra shut with her fingers, her body spasming in full-bladder agony at the realization that Tori was pissing herself. “NOOOOOOOO TORIIIIII NOOOOOO YOU’RE GONNA MAKE ME PEEEEEEEEEE!!!! UUUUUUUUGGGGGGGHHHHH!!!!” Her deeply carnal moan was accompanied by a second thunderous stream of piss splattering in a waterfall between her legs directly onto the wood of the patio. Kirsten bucked her hips as she peed, her legs still crossed despite the massive flood happening in her panties, the front of her skirt held in place by both her trembling hands which were trying uselessly to stop herself from peeing.

For what felt like an unspeakably long time, the two women flooded the porch with an incredible amount of pee. Neither of the women had ever wet themselves past kindergarten before, and they both had incredibly strong bladders normally, so their accidents after drinking that night were each a massive, torrential flood that could have soaked a whole room had they been inside. But after the initial horror at starting to piss themselves, the women felt themselves melting into the pure ecstasy of relief, unable to deny just how sweet it felt to finally pee even though it was completely humiliating. Kanzie felt the sheer ecstasy of her pee relief exploding inside her in a way she had never felt anything before, and staring at Tory as it happened, she was positive Tori felt the same thing. For another eternity, their urine splashed in two massive streams in a huge puddle on the porch, but by now the trickles were dwindling. The ecstasy was eroding into shame.

And when people are ashamed, they tend to lash out. As their bladders began to approach empty, Kirsten attacked. “Tori!!! You made me pee myself!! I can’t believe you!”

Tori groaned, piss still draining down her legs, “Uggghhh, I couldn’t hold it anymore okay?! And you lost your keys!”

“Yeah, no wonder you couldn’t hold it! You must have pissed a fucking gallon!! Like, how do you even do that?!”

“Speak for yourself!”

“Ugh, fine, whatever.I think I know where the spare key is. Let’s get inside.”

All too late, Kirsten got them inside.They took off their pee-soaked clothes in the bathroom and Kirsten put them in the wash while Tori showered. Both women felt a mix of confusion, disgust, and excitement that neither could begin to articulate. Both of them had strange dreams when they fell asleep that night, changed forever by their mutually-shared shameful experience.

*005*2021-06-08 17:01

Thank you all for the feedback! I'll try and post more in the future, perhaps even longer ones!

