A hot, wet walk - short story based on an image

Author: Bonsaiguy

*000*2025-03-24 01:30

A rainy day, an overfull bladder, and a serene field. She was walking home from her morning stroll when all of the fluid she had consumed at breakfast suddenly hit her urinary reservoir. PANG. The walk had started out easy enough, but now each step she took seemed to jostle her liquid burden. Twenty more minutes until she got home. Could she make it? More importantly, did she want to? PANG. Her bladder, having skipped her morning pee, did not take kindly to the idea of holding on. Her mind, lulled by the tranquility of the open fields, was also on board with an imminent release. The rain, light but constant, was also not conducive to holding it. Still, she walked on, willing her logical mind to take over.

PANG. Her urethra burned with anticipation. It seemed as though her body was not entirely in agreement with her logical mind. Putting mind over matter, however, she pressed her fingertips into her vulva through the soft rayon barrier of her skirt. This temporarily relieved the worst of the discomfort, and she felt optimistic. She was only fifteen minutes away now, if she continued walking at this pace. Running was out of the question, as it would surely result in an accident and exposing her naked lower half to any passersby. PANG. Her urethra burned and throbbed once more, and she leaked a few drops into the fabric. “Maybe I should’ve worn panties” she thought to herself.

“Still, I can probably make it.” That thought was short lived, however, when the rain began to intensify and patter onto her body. It’s almost as if the world was telling her to relieve herself where she stood. PANG. Her heavy bladder was making its intention to be voided very clear. PANG. *spurt* another leak escaped, wetting her labia and trickling down her right thigh. PANG. She doubled over, holding herself. She was only ten minutes away from her house but she may as well have been ten miles. She was not going to make it. This pent-up piss was coming out whether she wanted it to or not and she had to grapple with that fact. 

PANG *spurt* another few drops cascaded down her inner thighs. She was already visibly damp from the rain, no one would notice or care if she accidentally got some on her clothes or shoes. She stood up straight and looked all around to make sure she was alone. She was. Not a car or person in sight. “Okay, I’ll do it. You win, nature.” she told herself. It had been a while since she had done this, and the thought of it was turning her on. PANG. Her bladder didn’t have time for her to fantasize now. In one smooth motion, she adjusted her skirt, bent forward, and cocked her hips to the side. PANG. PANG. *Psssssssssss*

Her urine shot out of her in a splattery, forceful jet and sizzled as it hit the dirt. The relief was immense, as was her sexual arousal. Something about peeing outside in a short skirt with no panties was ridiculously sexy. The relief from letting go also felt uncannily similar to an orgasm. As her stream tapered off, it began to run down her legs and into her shoes a little. Not an issue, just a little more laundry to do later. After bearing down a couple times her bladder was finally empty. Her nipples were rock hard, visible through the wet fabric of her top. “Damn, I’m definitely doing that again.”

&&

