Tezuka's bad day (prince of tennis)

Author: bunny

*000*2016-05-14 20:20

Sorry for bad English and it is my first story so please give a comment.

It happened during the training camp the week before the finals. The regulars had to start the training around 9.30 am and had a thirthy minutes break when it was 1 pm, during that break they ate lunch and had time to go to the toilet and than training till 5 pm. That were the rules Ryuzaki-sensei and Tezuka came up with and all the regulars received those rules.

The third day of training camp started and it was normal that the first one to get up in the morning was Tezuka but not today his alarm didn't work. It was already 9 am and he was still sleeping. In the meantime Kikumaru, Oishi, Echizen, Momo, Fuji, Kaido, Kawamura, Inui and Ryuzaki-sensei were already eating breakfast, that's when Ryuzaki-sensei saw that Tezuka wasn't there so she asked Echizen to get Tezuka because he was done eating. When Echizen knocked on the door he didn't get a response so he walked inside and saw Tezuka sleeping. He woke him up and told him that everyone was already eating breakfast then Echizen got back to the others and told them that he was there in ten minutes.

In the meantime Tezuka saw that it was 9.05 am so his alarm didn't work, he knew the training started in 25 minutes so he took a quick shower and put on his clothes then he went downstairs for breakfast when he was done they started the training. It wasn't a normal training but a training that Inui made and everyone knew that Inui's training was always more complicated but this time he luckily didn't bring any special juice. They were already practising for two and half hours so it was 12 pm.

That is when Tezuka felt a little twinge in his abdomen and he realised that he hadn't had his morning pee. There was still one hour left of training and he knew that he could hold his pee, on schooldays he held his pee all day because of his shy bladder. When he crossed and uncrossed his legs he looked around and saw that everyone was to busy to notice. But he didn't knew that Echizen had noticed it, there were still thirthy minutes before lunch break. When Tezuka was focusing on holding his need to pee Echizen went to Inui and Fuji and told them that Tezuka needed the toilet. Together they were plotting that they didn't want that Tezuka could go to the toilet because he never showed any emotion and they wanted him to wet himself.

Finally it was lunch break, they always ate at 1.10 pm till 1.25 pm. Because some regulars went to the toilet before or after they ate and some trained longer or started training earlier but the rule was that they always ate together at 1.10 pm till 1.25 pm. They knew that Tezuka always went to the toilet before lunch like Fuji and Inui ,and Echizen always went after lunch so in order not to stand out they did it like always but they waited until Tezuka made his move so they could go before him to the toilet.

There were ten minutes before lunch and they saw Tezuka walking towards the toilet so as planned Fuji and Inui walked a bit faster than Tezuka and they reached the bathroom first. Tezuka was third in line for the only toilet in the building so he needed to wait his turn. Fuji went inside and walked slowly to the toilet he pulled out his dick and started peeing for two minutes and then he washed his hands, he came out and greeted Tezuka than Fuji went towards the rest and waited for lunch. It was now Inui's turn and he did the same routine as Fuji but only he peed for 3 minutes, he came out and went to lunch.

There were five minutes left and it was his turn to the toilet when he wanted to go inside Kikumaru came towards him running with a hand on his dick and he begged Tezuka to let him go first. Tezuka agreed and let him go first, he heard Kikumaru peeing and it made him even more desperate. When Kikumaru came outside he dragged Tezuka with him because it was lunchtime and Tezuka sat between Echizen and Fuji. When they were eating Echizen saw Tezuka fidgeting and he smiled with the situation. After lunch Tezuka went to the toilet but Echizen was already there waiting outside with his hands between his legs. Tezuka had no luck, Echizen went inside and started peeing. Outside Tezuka knew training started in a minute so he went back,

Training started again and everyone started practising again but Tezuka had to endure three and half hours training with a full bladder. After three hours he couldn't focus enough luckily his training was done ,he only needed to wait 30 minutes. Echizen Fuji and Inui were also done so they watched Tezuka and saw him crossing and uncrossing his legs. Fuji went to Tezuka and gave him a waterbottle Tezuka didn't want to be suspicious so he drank it. Training was over and Tezuka walked towards the toilet but because he needed the toilet so badly he walked slowly and now there was a line in front of him. Oishi just came outside and Kawamura went inside but before him were stil two people Kaido and Momo se he had to wait after half a hour it was Momo's turn and then his but Momo needed the toilet because he had to shit. When Momo was inside Tezuka felt that a spurt left his dick so he knew that he was past his limit and went outside to pee even though it was against his principles.

Echizen Fuji and Inui saw Tezuka walking towards a tree and bushes. They knew what he was planning so one of them threw a tennisball towards him. Tezuka was shocked and left a few spurts in his pants. When the tree of them came walking towards Tezuka to pick up the ball Echizen fell over his feet and hit Tezuka in his bladder that is when the contents of his bladder released and he stood there peeing his pants for five minutes. When Tezuka was done peeing Echizen Fuji and Inui were shocked with what they saw and Tezuka told them if they told someone they were thrown out of the team.

