Fiona Pinkett: Restroom Access Revoked

Author: BartleyZumboza

*000*2025-04-08 00:59

I've been thinking a lot about the corporate dystopia genre of fiction, which is experiencing a resurgence in popularity recently thanks to the show Severance, which I'm sure many of you have seen. As my friend and I were watching it together, we were particularly impressed with Patricia Arquette's performance as Harmony Cobel, and how she manages to portray such a ruthless, intimidating individual, and yet somehow also be sympathetic; even downright sexy, still, at the age of 57 (Happy Birthday, Patricia!).

Of course, since I have been thinking of this genre, I have also been thinking of ways to omorashify it. Earlier today, I came up with an idea partially inspired by Severance. Think of the main character, Fiona, as being of similar stock to Harmony Cobel. A ruthless, intimidating, commanding corporate woman in her 50s. Loyal to the company, but keeps getting fucked over. Determined to prove herself. This is only the beginning, but there's desperation straight away. Hope you enjoy.

- Bart Z.

Fiona Pinkett sat behind her desk with her legs tightly crossed, foot tapping, leaning slightly forward, staring intensely at the clock. It was still 1:00 PM, and nothing Fiona could do would make time move by any more quickly. “Just four more hours to go.” she sighed to herself. “Four more fucking hours.”

She grimaced as she forced down the last few drops of her 16 ounce water bottle. As part of her company-mandated daily water intake, she still had two more bottles left, but Fiona was already bursting at the seams, dying to release the two other bottles she had already downed.

But she couldn’t. Every last drop of the water she had drunk, and every drop she had yet to drink would remain firmly in her bladder until she was home, as Fiona had been barred by her higher-ups from accessing the restrooms at the office. She couldn’t fucking believe it. Usually, she was the one dishing out punishments like that. But here she was, suffering under the rules she herself had written.

Fiona was no stranger to lengthy periods carrying a full bladder. The company mandated proper hydration: all employees were to drink one 16 ounce bottle of water every two hours, meaning four on a normal work day, and one more for every additional two hours of overtime. Employees were permitted two scheduled bathroom breaks per work day, broken up so employees wouldn’t all be getting up from their desks at once. Restroom access was only available during those scheduled times with your employee ID card. Fiona would sometimes skip a bathroom break, immersed in her work. She was a hard worker and a tough boss, and with her silver hair and decades of experience, she commanded a great deal of respect at the company. There was no room for failure in her department, and any slip-ups were punished accordingly.

Denying restroom access as a means of corrective action was Fiona’s idea. Not only was it meant to punish mistakes, but to boost productivity. Fiona had always held to the belief that people work more efficiently on a full bladder. It enhances alertness and tightens one’s focus. It means less getting up from your desk, less getting distracted waiting for your bathroom break, as you simply don’t get one, so it’s pointless to think about. Once, she revoked one of her least productive employees’ restroom access for an entire week, and by the end of that week, the employee had finished nearly an entire quarter’s worth of work. Her policies were harsh, but they worked.

And Fiona was merciless. If she had revoked your bathroom privileges, there was also a high chance she was also going to need you to stay late. There was also a high chance she would tell you this at the last minute, just as you were packing up your stuff to go home, just as you thought you wouldn’t have to drink any more water, just as you thought the relief you so desperately craved was within reach. She would snatch that badly-needed relief away from you at a moment’s notice. She would even schedule evaluations with her waterlogged subordinates during her bathroom breaks.

She would bring them into the ladies’ room with her, giving them their evaluations while sitting on the toilet, forcing them to listen to her loud stream of urine forcefully gushing out of her, her audible sighs of relief, all while they had to keep their own pent-up piss bottled tightly inside their bursting bladders, no possibility of accessing the other stalls because they were all key card-operated. They just had to wait in desperation and listen to their boss experience the relief she was denying them. It was Fiona’s favorite power move.

But now, the shoe was on the other foot, because the company heads loved how restroom access denial boosted productivity, so they began implementing the policy in all departments, even as a punitive measure for certain department managers whose departments fell short of quota the previous quarter. And one particularly unforgiving exec noticed that Fiona’s department, indeed, fell slightly short of quota.

“This is bullshit,” Fiona muttered to herself while typing away at her desktop, desperately trying to distract herself from the pressure in her bladder. It wasn’t so much her need to piss that was bothering her - it was the unanswered questions. Who the fuck got her in trouble with the executives? It had to have been one of those dumb young interns, right? Someone deliberately sabotaging their own work, or someone else’s work, just to get back at their strict boss? Was a little bladder discomfort worth screwing the company over?

Whoever it was, the joke was on them, because Fiona was taking them all down with her. If Fiona had to endure an increasingly full bladder all day, the rest of her department would too. She had announced the previous day that until further notice, she would be revoking all employees’ bathroom access until her own privileges were restored. Just like that, the restrooms were completely off-limits to her whole department, both women and men. All ID cards were denied access, relief shuttered behind locked doors. As far as Fiona was concerned, they could all just enjoy the pleasant feeling of their bladders getting fuller and fuller with each passing hour without any opportunity for relief. And Fiona had plenty of overtime for them in the coming weeks. She smiled at the thought of her overhydrated subordinates jiggling and bouncing around in desperation, moaning about how badly they all needed to tinkle. Such petulant children.

Just as Fiona was losing herself in thought, finally distracted from her own discomfort, a soft knock came at the door, jolting her back to reality.

“Mrs. Pinkett?” came a soft voice like a gentle breeze from the other side of the door.

“Come in,” Fiona replied.

The door opened up, and in stepped Grace Frazier, a young blonde of 22 years who had only been working with the company for 3 months. She was doing good work, and Fiona hadn’t needed to punish her yet. Fiona almost felt bad for her that she had to suffer for something that may have not even been her fault.

Almost.

“You wanted to see me, Mrs. Pinkett?” Grace asked politely.

“Yes,” Fiona responded. “I’d like you to stay for a while after work this evening.”

Grace went stiff for a moment. She bounced subtly. “Um…for what?”

“I’m assigning you a special project. You’ll be working with Aidan. You like Aidan, don’t you?”

Grace did indeed like Aidan. She’d had a crush on him since the day she started. But, of course, she wouldn’t admit that to her boss.

“Um, yes, I like working with him,” Grace responded hesitantly. “But, this is so, so sudden. Is it okay if I stop by home first? Just to feed my cat?”

“Grace, your cat will be fine. It’ll only be for two hours. You’ve been doing such good work here, and I think this project would be a really great opportunity for you.”

Grace shifted uncomfortably, pursing her lips.

“Okay,” she finally said. “But I really need to get home by 7.”

“Of course. Go speak with Aidan and he’ll fill you in.”

“Got it. Thank you, Mrs. Pinkett! I’ll do my best!”

“I’m sure you will. Good luck.”

Grace closed the door behind her, once again leaving Fiona to her thoughts. Fiona didn’t want to torture Grace’s poor bladder for no reason, which is why she didn’t wait until the last minute to ask her to stay late. Fiona did not intend to punish Grace. She saw great potential in Grace and wanted to prove to the company that her department is still a powerhouse of efficiency. Something the founder would be proud of. Something that could change the world.

Fiona only hoped she was right. If Grace lived up to the expectations Fiona had of her, hopefully she’d be out of the doghouse. She couldn’t wait to be able to empty her bladder during the work day again. How wonderful it would be. She glanced at the clock once more. 1:05 PM.

“Just three hours and fifty-five minutes to go.” Fiona groaned. “Three hours and fifty-five more fucking minutes.” She rubbed her bloated, distended bladder, grimaced, and cracked open her third water bottle.

To be continued...

