Little spurts of pleasure

Author: betanumeric

*000*2020-08-17 17:04

There a a thread here, somewhere, where women have admitted that they sometimes play a game of letting little spurts go, in secret but in plain view, for pleasure and for the risk.

I had to go and lie down after reading some of those replies...

But, years ago, I wrote a long and rambling stream-of-consciousness vignette about going home from a concert, somewhat dazed, and being so taken by the look of a particularly attractive woman that I bought a writing pad and scribbled down a long, long leer at her leggings...

...And fantasised that she would pee in them, ever such a little spurt. And then another, and another.

It's one of the very first erotic pieces that I wrote, and it shows: be warned, it takes a while to get interesting.

A scribble on the train, in which the reader learns exactly what it’s like to be a writer…

So. King’s Cross Station, brightly-lit and echoing, marble floors and shuttered shops and crowds in little clusters, looking at departure times upon the ‘drive-in cinema’ display.

My head is singing from the concert I have just come out of; I could tell you who it was but I don’t think that you’d believe me. I could tell you how it was, but only if your mind can write searing white letters of fire across the sky and underline them with the sound of thunder.

I can feel it, now, the bow upon the string, a note beneath the hearing and above imagination, fluttering like shadows formed into the feathers on the wings of Odin’s Ravens, shimmering a little way beyond the edge of your perception and a little further into things we call the half-world...

... and are mostly too sensible to mention.

I’ve just gone into that string-of-consciousness thing again: a curse or blessing for a writer. So: rush into a shop, and then the one next door, and then another: find someone, anyone, who sells a spiral notepad and a biro at a quarter past eleven in the evening.

Thank God I live in London: someone did.

What have I seen, what muse is in me, ringing out the music? Not the sweet and innocently-cynical young girls, barely in their teens and barely moved by music – half of them brought into the concert by their parents, respectable suburbia concealing lifelong love for music that the neighbours ought to disapprove of - if they hadn’t brought themselves and their own daughter too; and there is nothing there for me.

Nor, either, in twenty-something students, scruffy and relaxed – nor the graduates, letting down their hair tonight but somehow always buttoned-down for work in the professions and the media. As ever, it is as if I am invisible to them: not ugly, not creepy, not even rejected in deliberate behaviours to emphasise exclusion. I am simply not there at all, it seems, or at least I do not seem to register upon whatever radar says ‘person, here’.

Someday I will tell you how it is that I became like that: it is an ugly story, but fortunately one that I have overcome. Mostly I can fade away by consciously relaxing and withdrawing the external projection of the mind and personality, or not as I may choose; but sometimes it’s a curse that seeps out over me like a magician’s smoke.

I look within, into the internal world…

And out again, blessed or cursed with photographic memory, snapshot after snapshot. Flash – electric light and floor tiles, King’s Cross Station concourse: a woman in her thirties, somehow younger from a lifetime training. Dancing, I think, but maybe something more exotic. Slim, poised, forward on her feet, a bob of cut blonde hair tossing as she chatters to her phone.

I watch, I am the watcher, fading into background and invisibility; I let the foreground flicker through me like the images in lenses, cameras, closed-circuit television systems watching in the night.

Blessed and cursed indeed, I read the body language – cursed to know it, read the mind revealed in it, never know the person any closer than the hidden operators of the all-too-pervasive video security.

So let me tell you what I see: she is pretty but not beautiful, slim but not for many years longer, held to shape by the muscle tone of all that training - a lifetime’s practice that I think she’s now neglecting. A bouncy personality, up on tiptoes, nodding in her conversation, animated in expression and the flashes of intelligence that flicker off of her.

What is she wearing? The top is cashmere: smart, black and instantly forgettable. Heavy black shoes with clumping heels and straps, shiny with a hint of cutaways.

Her stockings are like leggings, heavy and opaque, clinging firmly to her as they vanish up a miniskirt that barely reaches to her bottom, wispy and translucent; no woman wears a thing like that in lightweight tights or goes bare-legged!

It is as if the reassuring grip of fabric hides her legs from a perception that they are in view: but every inch of them is visible, for the fabric shapes and silhouettes them from her ankles to her labia – plainly visible as a camel toe in a breathing, moving outline that leaves very little to imagine.

We can tell what she's thinking, if ever she's thinking *that*.

She’s wearing knickers underneath them, a thin and silky garment: unseen, but it reveals itself in the way the fabric of the leggings slides and doesn’t stretch, and sometimes halts a little to outline the elastic at the legs, high-cut like bikini bottoms.

Whatever's visible, she doesn’t seem embarrassed or uneasy – quite the contrary – but neither is there any sense of exhibition, showing off and taunting men (and women!) in her field of view. No, she’s shielded from the stares and glares and leers that would accompany such nakedness by a belief that she’s not naked.

And somehow, everyone around her has picked up on it and they unconsciously agree with her.

What must that feel like? I read her movements: body-conscious but not consciously ‘displaying’, the feeling from the fabric not entirely fading out, not entirely edited from her awareness by whatever system of the mind keeps down the constant chatter of our clothes upon our skin.

‘Not entirely’, did I say? Not quite so, because there is a firmness in the leggings, not quite so much as girl-shaped figure-hugging Levis, that makes a woman held, pressed and squeezed a little bit, shaped and sculpted by her clothing. They’re always just a little bit aware of it, and always seem to like it – the ones with the figure for it – a constant trickle charge into the spiritual batteries of sensuality.

Occasionally the feeling is the foreground, and women in such clothing strike a pose of rutting sexuality, aware and unaware that they are feeling such a thing and sending such a signal to the men around them.

And, indeed, to other women, who pull their men a little closer, re-establishing the contact that tells the world “He’s Mine!”

How strange it is, how few of the women wearing this fashion are consciously aware of any of it, the constant body-language conversation: to read it is to know that almost all the human mind is hidden from its owner...

I watch the woman, looking closely at her legs and leggings, neutral in my body language so that she is unaware of me, and does not show the tension of a woman who perceives the ‘eye tracks’ of a man nearby.

Her legs and leggings…

The 'rise' from those high heels is lifting up her body and her pelvis, forward slightly, but she is comfortable with it. Her feet are placed a little bit apart, and then together; bending just a little bit, her knees becoming lighter as the fabric stretches; she rubs her legs together then steps forward, half a step, rocking back on one heel then the other, tension clearly visible in the muscles of her buttocks, outlined by the fabric.

The conversation continues, all of her is bouncing, nodding, gesturing...

But me, I’m watching her legs.

Feet together, knees together, thighs together, squeezing: then up a bit, relaxing. Down again, almost crouching in a conspiratorial huddle around her telephone; then up, straight up, knees rubbing again in a left-and-right half-turning gesture, repeatedly, a signal of uncertainty or indecision.

She presses her thighs together yet again, tightly, and I read it as consideration and rejection of an opportunity for penetrative sex – probably unspoken, it’s more likely that she’s talking to a ‘best friend’ than a boyfriend – but she definitely thought of having it, I saw her pelvis tilt forward, her pelvic muscles tighten and relax, and tighten up again, nothing hidden by the skirt at all, unconsciously miming the motions in detail - albeit more subtly than doing the real thing in bed - and then shutting herself down.

The conversation lightens up, and she lowers herself slightly, her pelvis and her knees coming forward, legs together; something that she’s saying means she hasn’t yet ruled out the offer and will one day take him up on it. A thought that's pleasurable in anticipation, judging by the way I see her thigh muscles relaxing and her labia fill out.

Her legs are now apart, boldly A-shaped in a clear and blatant challenge to whatever man is in the conversation, or maybe on the other end of it; the challenge being ‘prove yourself a worthy mate’. And she relaxes again, and gradually winds down the call, and walks to platform three to take her train.

I watch her hips and her backside, swaying just a little: not loose but held taut by muscle tone - I see the firmness of the dancer and the lifelong athlete, muscles moving under fabric with a touch of softening, a rounded femininity that adds an extra grace and sensuality to her.

You know, I think the leggings made her sexier than walking to the train completely naked ever could have been.

Photo-memory recorded, and scribbled down in biro in the twenty minutes that it takes a train to reach the outer suburbs. And now I am at home, running it again in the camera of my imagination. You know me – omorashi fetishist – and my enthusiasms...

What would it be like – imagine! – to let a little spurt into those leggings?

There was no hint, none whatsoever, in her body language saying that she was aware of her bladder at all; far less that she might be desperate to go, and it doesn’t suit my fancy to imagine that she was. I prefer to think of a deliberate decision to let go a little bit, imagining a trickle and discovering a sudden spurt that needs to be firmly pulled back and cut off before it runs away to visible knicker-wetting loss and an embarrassing puddle.

A spurt, a hot sensation: a sudden wetness, looseness in her labia and the tickle of displacing air…

And almost painfully, like discovering the volume’s turned to max inside her headphones, coarse wet fabric rubs across her urethral opening, slowly being pushed aside and downwards as her clitoris emerges. Smooth and silky cotton-lycra knickers now feel harsh and scratchy – wince! – and she is super-sensitive and irritable.

Twitch, and try to draw in, but she can’t and maybe there’s a risk that she’ll let go completely if she cannot ‘tighten up’. The wetness spreads out, passing through panties and into leggings, becoming a shining spot an inch across and fading to a damp uncomfortable humidity. Press her legs together, then apart, feeling it dry out a little faster. Walk – but carefully! – until she feel the slippery intrusion of her clitoris retreating into hiding.

Does it stop there, or does she dare repeat it a moment later? Is she frightened that she’ll lose the lot? Yes, but the thrill of the risk that she will, iss all apart of the sin and the mischief of it.

...And all of it forgotten as she slips through the train, finally finding a seat: realising she had completely dropped the ball and shocked, for a moment, by the disturbing idea that she might have been weeing and entirely unaware of it, all that time that she was weaving her way along through carriage after carriage, through the standing passengers, until she found herself as seat.

Of course she wouldn't have.

She takes a window seat, beside some unremarkable receptionist in a bank's staff uniform, opposite some dull accountant, and gazes into space...

And yes, she does.

Does it feel different to let it go, release another little spurt, when she is sitting down aboard the train?

She knows, in her mind, that there’s nothing to see – nothing at all, the glisten fades in seconds and there’s not a hint of wet, no shadow on the matt black fabric and whoever saw it would’ve had to look straight up her skirt to see it, a patch at most two inches across, well-hidden in the shadow of her legs and underneath her skirt.

Her fellow-passengers are the very paragon of polite disinterest.

She could do the lot, empty out and moments later there’d be nothing to see if she could be sure that the puddle would drain away behind her; and if it didn't, would they all just sit politely, pretending not to notice?

What a thing to imagine, as she takes the risk of letting out a careful little dribble, not a hint of in her breathing, her expression or her movement: she won't do it all, but she will take the delicious risk that she will find it impossible to stop, a literal flood of embarrassment, ending a walk of shame into another carriage while they look at one another and say nothing.

A spurt, and a guilty little warmth, secret, sinful, and she shouldn't.

Three or four or six more later, she's not just damp, she's wet. The patch is tiny but it’s always there, wet enough to make the cloth glide over her urethra and now – continually – her clitoris. It’s out, and when she does it sitting down, some of the squirt and the first rush of heat in the fabric reaches out and touches her.

And it’s not as if her labia do nothing: the little dribble that runs down and into them, the tickling droplet and the wetness, it’s a continuing challenge to her composure.

She wants to touch herself under the skirt, just to know how bad the damage is – or so she tells herself – but she don’t want to draw attention.

Time passes, one suburban station after another, long waits for the train while the signals are red: and spurt, after spurt, after spurt.

The temptation, every time, to let the whole lot go, gets stronger. The seats on either side of her, and opposite, are empty now: who's to know?

She realises that her backside is warm, and wet; and actually, she likes it. Another spurt, another hot little sin, and how bad would it be to just, just, let it go and just keep pissing?

Her station.

She gets off the train – carefully, so as to be last, to nobody's behind her looking at her backside - mortified to realise that the fabric of the seat is visibly wet, a coin-sized glistening spot in a palm-sized damp patch, on a seat where someone has, quite clearly, had 'an accident'.

Except that she did every drop of it deliberately; and she got away with it, walking with her backside wet but probably not showing anything; and, increasingly, becoming rather pleased at what she's done, for all that it's a guilty pleasure that she really shouldn't do.

Step away from the train, squirt another tiny spurt, caring rather less about the risk: she plays a 'head game' with the guilt and how she ought to be ashamed, as she walks along the platform; sometimes pretending to hate the sensation of having wet herself, and sometimes pretending to love it, as wet fabric slicks against her, drying down to damp, and warm, and guilty-but-not-sorry that she's done it.

What is 'real' and what's 'pretend'? Both these inner worlds have a 'draw' to them, something deeply compelling and slick and wet.

Each swing of the fantasy is greeted by another little leak, whether imagining shame and humiliation, or wicked joy and devilment in a forbidden act; and as she walks she is becoming wetter, and wetter, and wetter.

Almost, almost, visibly so.

Another spurt, at the ticket barrier, now she's in plain view?

Hot, and she feels it hiss in the fabric, slipping a finger of "Wet!" between her skin and lycra, drawing a glistening black line down her thigh. That was rather more than she intended!

She pulls-up, tightening, hearing the tapping of a rush of droplets landing on the tiling, as the ticket barrier beeps and swings open.

Another spurt, as she walks out - can she really do this as she walks? - she did, along the platform, but now it turns out that it's awfully difficult to stop, and she crosses the taxi rank with the familiar finger of piss on her skin, longer, more insistent, tickling at the back of her knee before she is able to stop.

And oh God, it shouldn't feel so nice, and she really, really shouldn't be doing this.

Next?

A walk across the station plaza, across the square towards her apartment block.

The sky has cleared but the pavement is slick with rain, and it occurs to her that there’s no such thing as a noticeable puddle tonight.

Another spurt: this time, unashamed and unhesitating, relishing the heat and wickedness: and then, walking, feeling it cool down, feeling her clitoris retreat and hide again: and she comes to a decision: "I don’t want it to" .

Well. Stand up, turn around and take out her phone as if picking up a text, see that the coast is clear…

And just relax, relax, relax.

Nothing’s happening yet, and nothing needs to: there’s no hurry.

And, before she's even aware that she's pissing, there is an intense heat in her crotch, almost scalding, and she becomes "I've Wet Myself", the woman pissing in her knickers.

Now she feels the aching sense of her bladder, now she feels the sting and rush of running urine, now she recognises the hiss and froth of it, the sense of swirling, back against her pee-hole and up around her clitoris, rinsing it with a sharp sensation of hot water cutting through the slippery film of a secret pleasure.

The swirl combs through her labia, stripping them of lubrication and leaving them, like her clitoris, painfully naked and sensitive. Her folds begin to sting and now the hotness is painful.

But she would die to feel pain like this all day.

Onwards it rushes – she knows the wet spot in her pants is visibly blossoming out, and now she feels the surge in the fabric inside her thighs, real streams, hot flows forcing their way down and stinging her skin.

The wetness expands backwards and around her: a warm, spreading feeling that reaches around her bottom and sends feelers down the back of her legs.

Suddenly the heat becomes a heavy weight and she feels her knickers peeling away from her groin, the leggings dropping away from the creases of her buttocks: a hot pool has forced its way in, and the sensation of being soaked rushes down her legs, all the way around down her thighs to her knees, where trickles split and chase their way down her calves.

She is pissing a strong and steady stream, and she can feel her bladder at work, contracting, forcing it, immersing her in the trembling rush of pissing.

Everywhere below her is hot, and wet, and surges of it have come upwards, soaking her pubic hair right up to the waistband of her knickers.

Insidious little streams have worked their way up the elastics, emerging as two oval spots under the peaks of her hips, visible at the waistband of the skirt, then as little streams upon the front of her leggings.

Mostly there is very little to see – everywhere, the fabric glistens, but nowhere does the wetting reveal itself in the cascades and flying trickles that betray a woman pissing in her knickers onto her bare legs…

But she knows, very well, that she is wetting herself!

Soaked, saturated, hot – no longer stinging, rinsed clean – and wet, wet, wet. She straightens up and make an effort not to stand in that telltale “I’ve wet myself!" half-crouch, and finds that it is, for a moment, unbearable as saturated cloth squeezes out new trickles, and the pool of pee in her groin and around her bottom shifts and surges, and drains down in a lukewarm renewal of the soaking on her thighs.

Breathe out.

She takes a step, and then another, constantly tantalised by wet cloth… And realises that she's still peeing, less than she was, but still a trickle that would be a massively embarrassing and visible wetting if she was wearing anything other than these lycra leggings.

Wee is running over her shoes, clearly visible if you look, but disappearing into the wet grass in darkness.

What next?

Spurt, draw up. Spurt, draw in. Squeeze, let go: pull, pull, pull. A final relaxation with a little spurt; draw up and then it’s over.

She presses her legs together a couple of times, to displace the puddles in the cloth. Takes a deep breath and walks, accepting that her lips and her clit are blaring alike a dimestore transistor radio at full volume.

The wetness on her legs has already faded to dampness; and, although her bottom and her crotch feel very, very wet, she knows that dampness doesn’t show on matt black leggings after dark.

And that feels good.

And she got away with it.

She could do this every damned day, and she wonders, idly, whether there was ever any reason not to.

Right now, it’s so tempting, the thought of walking round the block until the urge to wet herself returns. But the tingling in her groin has a warning edge, that it’s going to sting and this could be a nasty redness if she don’t go home and shower thoroughly, right now.

So next time, drink less coffee and a lot more water. And maybe, from the way her feet are squitching as she walks, invest in open-toed sandals.

As she steps onto the doormats at the foyer of her block, and waits a moment for her key to scan, she realises that there is a little bit of wee, still left in her, a little dribble that she really, really shouldn't...

Tempting, tempting, and why not?

...

...

...

…and next time, you’ll know I mean it when I say it’s rather long. The writing, I mean.

