White Lily, Black Rose - Page 2

Author: Black_Ailerons

*000*2024-05-21 03:25

Really cute chapter and I love the interactions between the characters. It’ll be pretty sad if any of the girls die.

It really seems like Lilya is attracted to most of the girls here to some extent. Especially Eva and Kaede.

Great job on this chapter. I’m impressed that you’ve managed to pump out a chapter per week. Can’t wait for the next segment. Hopefully some more omo action!

*002*2024-05-24 21:15

Thanks as always for the words of support. But no, to be clear I write slow af! As I said in the intro post I've been working on this for years on and off. What you are seeing is me getting done with the *final edit* one week at a time. 🙂 Anyways, hope you all enjoy the next section!

//// October 19, 1941

Lilya had never seen a storm like this one. She had been in colder weather, and heard the wind howl louder, and even seen heavier snowfall. But those storms had ended, eventually. This one felt like it might go on forever.

The ground crews had done their best to keep the runway open. But they needed time to rest, and almost as soon as they stumbled inside the snow began to pile up again. The drifts around the airfield loomed almost ten meters tall, and every time Sergey and his men sallied forth with their plows, it became more difficult to push the snow away. Landing had become a nerve-wracking experience, with the usable runway only half of its normal width. That morning, Katya had finally given in and grounded the squadron until the weather cleared, due to concerns that they might not have an airfield to land on when they returned home. They were snowed in.

If there was one thing to be said about the snowfall, Lilya thought, it was that it made the barracks counter-intuitively warmer. The snow acted as an insulator, blanketing the hastily constructed barracks and sealing up the drafts. The howl of the wind outside was reduced to a distant murmur. Lilya felt locked away from the world, like a doll in a dollhouse. The storm had brought her daily routine to a total halt.

Perhaps it will slow down the Germans, as well.

The news from the front lines was grim. Outnumbered and poorly supplied for winter, the German army was still grinding forward, and had almost reached Moscow to the south. Leningrad—barely 100 kilometers to the northwest—had been surrounded. The Germans’ lightning advances of the early days of the war were over, it was true, but Soviet losses continued to be catastrophic. All that was left now was to pray for an early winter, and hope the airfield wasn’t overrun.

The fear of being trapped behind enemy lines hung over everyone in the squadron. They had known from the beginning that this might happen—Katya had warned them all when they had first arrived. The airfield was equipped to operate for months on end without resupply, and concealed well enough to avoid detection—or so they hoped. Katya had ordered that the service-road stop being cleared of snow. With the barracks and hangars now coated in an even layer of white, the only hint of their existence was the telltale gap in the trees.

The only way to stay sane was to stay busy. Food and other provisions had already been thoroughly organized and cataloged. Katya had retired to her room after lunch, but not before ordering that the barracks be cleaned from ceiling to floor.

It was tedious work, but Lilya and the other girls embraced it. There was no hope of picking up a radio signal in this weather, so they took turns singing songs. Whoever was leading would teach the chorus beforehand, so everyone could join in together at the right moments. Lilya felt like a sailor of olden days, working to the tune of a shanty. With a little imagination, the distant ebb and flow of the wind outside was almost like the sea.

“It’s good to see you joining us in our manual labor, Efréĭtor Litvyak,” Natalya teased. Lilya joined the other girls in laughing. “Careful, Serova, or I’ll have you court-martialed,” she replied.

“Is that so? You’d better be careful yourself. I might outrank you some day, and then you’ll have to pay for your reign of terror. It’s one thing to give out orders, it’s another thing to receive them.”

“Nonsense! I’d be happy to follow orders from any of you, if the situation demanded it.”

“Are you sure?” It was Eva that spoke this time.

“Of—of course.” There was something in Eva’s tone that gave Lilya pause. But Eva merely gave a mild hm! as if she had just learned something interesting. Lilya felt her stomach flutter.

It had been over a week since Lilya had returned to good terms with Eva, and in that time the two pilots had grown increasingly close. Some nights, if they weren’t too exhausted, they would stay up late talking in the mess hall after the rest of the squadron had retired. Their bodies were separated by the table between them, but there was still an intimacy in the quiet solitude of nighttime and the warm flicker of the candle they used to light the room. Lilya felt like she could stare forever into the candle-flames reflected in Eva’s eyes. Talking with Eva was easy, and Lilya found herself sharing secrets she’d never entrusted to anyone. In a voice just above a whisper, she told Eva half-forgotten tales from her childhood, her discarded dreams of being a war hero, and even—her heart in her mouth—a few of her erotic fantasies. Eva would follow every word, her expression rapt, curious but never judgmental.

When Eva spoke, it was rarely about her past; despite Lilya’s interest, it was a topic she seemed unwilling to dwell on. She talked instead about the future; her hopes of having a life of her own after the war, and her fears that she would die before she got the chance. All Lilya could do was hold her hand in empathy.

It was almost torture. She was falling for Eva; there was no denying it. Her thoughts lingered on the night they had kissed—how right it had felt—and how badly she wanted that feeling again. But what if Eva had moved on, or simply didn’t feel the same way about her? She longed to tell her everything, but she held her tongue; she couldn’t risk their rekindled friendship when she didn’t know where Eva stood. She waited for a sign; some hint from Eva that she wanted her back. And now, in the form of Eva’s innocent query, Lilya thought she finally had it.

The day wore on, discernable only by the clock on the wall and the diffuse sunlight slowly migrating from the window on one side of the barracks to the other. The mood was still light, with the girls engaged in languid conversation as they continued to scrub the barracks spotless. It was sweaty work, and Lilya had been drinking diligently to stay hydrated. Eventually, she felt a twinge in her bladder, and set down her scrub-brush to head for the bathroom.

“Just where do you think you’re going?” Lilya, just an arm’s reach from the bathroom door, halted at the sound of Eva’s commanding voice.

“Just going to use the bathroom for a minute.”

“Is this how you think a commanding officer should lead her charges?”

“I’m not a commanding—”

“Well, I for one think it’s highly unsuitable. Did you mean what you said about being willing to follow instruction from any of us?”

“I—yes, but—"

“In that case, consider your bathroom privileges rescinded.”

Lilya opened and closed her mouth helplessly. The situation was ridiculous, of course—the bathroom was right there, and there was nobody that could stop her from using it. On the other hand, the thought of being forbidden from using the bathroom was an exciting one, and she had said she still owed Eva…

All four girls were looking up at Lilya expectantly. “Fair enough, Private Sokolova,” she replied as she turned away from the bathroom door. “But you’ll find that a high-ranking member of the Soviet military is not broken easily.”

“How are you feeling?” Kaede sat across from Lilya, a large bucket of warm, soapy water between them and piles of sheets and blankets all around. Lilya groaned. The pressure in her bladder had gone from a mild twinge to an aching discomfort, and she knew it was only going to get worse. Washing the bedsheets added a unique psychological element to her suffering; the incessant spashing was enough to make her clench her jaw, and dipping her hands into the warm water was somehow even worse. “I’m feeling the pressure,” Lilya admitted. Kaede giggled. “Lucky you!” she muttered so that only Lilya could hear. Lilya flushed. Fine, so my secret is out. Does she have to rub it in?

“How much longer are you going to hold for?”

“Until Eva relents and gives me permission, of course.” Kaede raised an eyebrow skeptically, but said nothing. She stood up to hang a bedsheet to dry on a line in front of the radiator. Lilya rose to help, straightening her back gingerly as her bladder throbbed in protest. Shoulder to shoulder with Kaede, she spoke quietly.

“By the way… about that one night. You know.”

“What about it?” Kaede asked in a seemingly casual tone.

Lilya hesitated. “I ended up hurting someone that night because I didn’t think about how my actions would make them feel. I don’t want to do the same thing to you.”

“Oh!” Kaede laughed in relief. “You don’t have to worry about that. You can do whatever you want with whoever you want, and I won’t be upset.”

“Really?”

“Really. I had the night of my life, and I thank you for your kindness. But I’m not trying to fall in love with anyone.”

Lilya was surprised by Kaede’s candidness, but also relieved. “Thank you for your honesty. You’ve got a lot more common sense than I do.”

Kaede giggled again as they walked back to the wash-bucket. “If you think Eva is going to let you pee without wetting yourself, that’s probably true.”

Another hour passed. It was now late afternoon, and Lilya was properly desperate. She had reached the point where it was difficult to hold still, although by throwing her attention into her chores she was able to partially distract herself from the pangs of distress radiating from her bladder. She had considered countless times simply asking Eva if she could relieve herself, but couldn’t quite bring herself to do it. Eva had taken charge of the cleaning operation, and dispatched Natalya, Esfir and Kaede to scrub the shower tiles. Lilya moved to join them, but Eva cut her off. “Those three have the showers covered, don’t you think?” she asked Lilya briskly. “Why don’t you start on the toilet stalls?” Apprehension ran down Lilya’s spine, and she pressed her legs together. “Of course,” she said with a weak attempt at indifference. She picked up her bucket and walked towards the open stall, taking small, painful steps.

The barracks had two bathrooms that were walled off from each other, each with a toilet, small sink, and a door that opened directly back into the main room where the beds were. Eva stood in the doorway as Lilya set down her brush and bucket and looked back at her questioningly. Eva seemed content to stay put, however, and simply gave her a what-are-you-waiting-for? look. As slowly as she could, Lilya rolled up her trousers past her knees, lowered herself onto all fours and picked up her scrub-brush.

From a cleaning perspective, it made sense to start with the walls and save the floor for last, but being on her hands and knees gave her bladder space to expand. Her desperation lessened a tiny amount, but even so, Lilya knew she was in deep trouble. Her only hope was that if she somehow finished cleaning the bathroom while still holding her piss, Eva might take mercy on her. It was a race against time. She dipped her brush into the warm soapy water and began scrubbing with a frantic energy.

Instantly, she wished she hadn’t. The forward-and-back motion jostled her bladder mercilessly, causing her desperation to spike with every stroke. Tears of pain and shock sprung in her eyes as she squeezed her legs together as hard as she could. She stifled a whimper. Okay—I can’t go that fast! She slowed her pace, while still working as quickly as her tortured pelvic muscles would allow. Forward, back. Forward, back… Eva watched her like a hawk—if she missed a single speck of dirt, Lilya was forced to go back and scrub the offending tile again. Lilya could only imagine what she looked like—face flushed and dripping with sweat, hair disheveled, her backside wiggling obscenely as she squirmed in desperation.

Urine continued to pump steadily into her distended bladder. Lilya was now reaching the stage where fidgeting no longer helped; she wanted nothing more than to stay perfectly still—or better yet, give in to humiliation and wet herself right there in front of Eva on the sparkling clean floor.

Another source of distraction was Eva herself. Although she made no overt attempt to slow Lilya’s progress, she stood barefoot over of Lilya, wearing a simple working dress that hung just below her knees. Time and again Lilya felt her eyes try to trace their way up past Eva’s creamy white calves, under the hem of her dress to her thighs. She forced thoughts of Eva from her mind. The only way to keep going was to keep her focus on the work right in front of her. The next tile. The next tile. …aah! The next tile.

But it was no use. Her pace slowed to a crawl with third of the floor still uncleaned. Her body was in agony—a burning pain from her urethra mixed with a throbbing ache from her rock-hard bladder. Her only hope now was Eva. She looked up at her friend with tears in her eyes. “I’m sorry, Eva. I really tried to hold it…but I’m not going to make it! Please—can I pee now?”

The tall brunette looked down at her thoughtfully, and for the first time Lilya saw sympathy flash across her face. Lilya waited breathlessly. She knew that despite her poise, Eva wasn’t naturally dominant—surely, she would show her mercy?

Eva suddenly nodded. “All right—we’re done for now. Get up.”

“Thank y-you!” Lilya stammered. With great difficulty, she managed to push herself to her feet. Her bladder was far too swollen to stand upright, so she stood in a couched-over stance with her knees glued together and one hand shoved in her crotch. She looked up at Eva for further instructions. The high-born girl gestured to the waiting toilet. “Go on. Sit down.”

Desperately, Lilya shuffled towards her salvation. The pressure in her bladder had reached a fever pitch, and Lilya felt like she was about to burst, but adrenaline made the stinging pain in her urethra bearable. With a moan of relief she sat down awkwardly on the toilet. Instinctively, her muscles started to relax, and Lilya had to squeeze with all her might to keep from soaking her trousers. Despite her best efforts, a few drops of scalding hot piss trickled into her panties—her first leak of the day. Come on Lilya—focus! She unbuttoned her trousers, and hooked her thumbs inside her waistband so she could yank down her pants and panties in one motion. Then, she stopped.

Something wasn’t right. It wasn’t that Eva would see her naked—Lilya was far too desperate to care about that. It was something else. Then she realized—Eva had given her permission to sit on the toilet. She had not yet given her permission to pee. With an exhausted moan, she looked back up at tormentor. Eva smiled, clearly pleased that Lilya had noticed her phrasing and was playing along. “Please, Eva. Let me pee. I’ll wet my trousers for you if you want, just let me go. Please!” The psychological toll of sitting on a toilet but being denied release was immense. She jammed her hand back into her crotch to prevent a second spurt.

“You can wait for one more minute, can’t you?” Eva asked earnestly. “One minute. After that, I’ll let you relieve yourself. I promise.”

Lilya groaned. “I—I’ll try, Eva. For you. But I really don’t know if I can hold any longer!”

Eva beamed, and despite the agony she was in, Lilya couldn’t help but notice how beautiful she looked. “I was hoping you’d say that!” She bit her lip. “You see, I’ve tried to be discreet about it, but there’s something I need to take care of!” She stunned Lilya by pulling her dress off over her head in a single motion, exposing her bare breasts.

It was inevitable that after weeks of living and showering together, the girls of the squadron had gotten accustomed to seeing each other naked. Even Katya, who normally kept to herself, would occasionally step into the shower with other girls present, showing no insecurity at all for her toned and full-breasted figure. Eva and Kaede had been shyer, but eventually had gotten comfortable with the showering ritual. The few minutes they spent every evening in the hot water was a time to socialize and relax. The first few nights, Lilya had been worried how her body would respond to seeing the other girls bathing, but had been relieved to find that her arousal stayed in check.

This was different.

Eva stood squarely in front of Lilya, chin up, shoulders back, looking every bit the Russian princess even when clad in in nothing more than a pair of black lace panties (she might have given in to wearing more practical clothing, Lilya thought, but it seemed Eva was still unwilling to forsake her lingerie). She met Lilya’s gaze. Despite her outward confidence, Lilya thought she could see an insecurity in her friend’s eyes that had been swallowed up by hunger. Look at me, her gaze seemed to say. You know you want me. Don’t you? Lilya stared greedily at her beautiful figure—her high cheekbones, her small, firm breasts with hardened nipples, her slender waist, and—wait—could it be?

There, just above the line of her panties—Eva’s bladder was starting to bulge.

Eva smiled in a way that was both rueful and mischievous. “As you can see, you aren’t the only one who’s been holding today. She gently traced her slender hands over her bladder, exhaling a soft ah! of surprise as she pressed down lightly. “I’m not as desperate as you, obviously, but even so, I think I’ll cut to the front of the line.” She stepped confidently towards Lilya, her breasts bouncing slightly. Lilya moaned helplessly. Her bladder was full to the point of bursting, but just as had happened that first day when they had traveled to base, her need to pee was being overridden by a stronger urge. Lilya had the strangest sensation that even if she tried, she wouldn’t be able relieve herself. It was as if her bladder had sealed itself off.

The pressure was still there, though. It felt like she had a lead balloon in her abdomen, limiting her movement and sapping her strength. She tried with her last reserves of energy to lift herself off the toilet to make way for Eva, but her legs shook and would not support her. She looked up at Eva frantically. “I can’t!”.

“That’s all right. Stay where you are.” Eva bent over Lilya and pulled her thighs apart. Lilya moaned and tried not to resist. The magic seal on her bladder was still holding—somehow—but having her legs open ramped up the pressure against her pee-hole even further. She felt slightly dizzy. Eva took no notice; she turned around and sat down on the toilet in front of Lilya, grinding her ass against her to give herself room. Lilya felt the intoxicating warmth of Eva’s skin against her legs and crotch, and without thinking wrapped her arms around her. She could feel Eva’s pulse racing, even as her own heart hammered in her chest. Eva reached a hand down and pulled her lace panties to one side. Her core muscles tensed beneath Lilya’s hands, and both girls held their breath in anticipation.

But the seconds ticked by, and nothing happened. Eva blew out her breath in frustration, relaxed her muscles, then tensed them again. Still, not a drop of urine came out.

Lilya—horny, desperate, and overstimulated—was on the verge of tears once again. She was so close now—so impossibly close to being allowed to pee, and so close to wetting herself at the same time. She did the only thing she could think of—if it was her arousal that was keeping her urethra sealed tight, perhaps she could use that to buy herself a few more seconds. She slipped a hand inside her own panties and began to frantically circle her clit. The nub was swollen and sensitive, and her slit was leaking with sex, but the sensation still felt wrong. Her urge to pee faded once more, but the painful spasms from her bladder only grew worse. She buried her face into the back of Eva’s neck. “Please, Eva. Please!”

“I’m trying!” Eva sounded slightly panicked. “But I can’t let go!”

“Just try to relax.” Lilya somehow managed to keep her voice level. “Take a deep breath. Close your eyes and pretend I’m not here.” She shifted back as far as she could, trying to give Eva space.

Another moment passed. Then she heard it—the first plinks of Eva’s pee falling into the toilet. Eva sighed in relief, the tension leaving her body, and a second later began peeing in earnest.

Lilya was in agony. She was pressing against herself with both hands now, using one hand to plug her throbbing pee-hole while the other continued to rub frantically against her clit. She squeezed her legs helplessly against Eva’s waist, still trying senselessly to cross them. She shut her eyes, but there was no blocking out the rushing sound of Eva’s urine splashing into the toilet bowl. Her breath came in short gasps, half-panting, half-sobbing. …Ah! It feels like she’s been peeing forever!

She did her best to focus on the sensation from her clit and block out the pain from her bladder, but the two sensations had become intertwined. She was dimly aware that, despite her extreme discomfort, she was starting to build towards an orgasm. Fuck… there’s no way I’m going to be able to hold it if I come! But the throbbing from her bladder was starting to fade, and Lilya found herself unable to pull her hand away from her clit. She felt a burning sensation in her stomach and legs—like the one she felt before a climax, but stronger. Lilya felt like she was going to explode. …Aah! Fuck! Almost…

“Lilya!” Her eyes snapped open. Eva was standing up now, looking at her with bemusement. Her nipples were now rock-hard. Lilya withdrew her hands reflexively, her guilt mixed with agony as she fell back from the most brutal edge she’d ever experienced. Almost immediately, her pee desperation started to return.

Eva was still watching her intently, her skin starting to flush. “You can pee now. But leave your panties on.”

“Thank you!” Lilya tugged her trousers down to her ankles. Then, she let her tortured muscles relax at last, hunching over as she exhaled with an enormous sigh of relief. I made it! She stayed there for a moment, waiting expectantly for her flow to start.

But nothing happened! She strained, trying to pee as hard as she could, but was rewarded only with a flash of pain so sharp it made her see stars.

This is hell. She had lost control of her own body. Her bladder was sealed off, and no amount of frantic straining would let her relieve herself. She desperately tried to follow her own advice, and took several deep, shaky breaths, but to no avail. This is turning me on, she realized. Being desperate to piss, with Eva watching, completely unable to relieve myself…ah! I have to focus on something else! She fell back on an old trick she sometimes used to fall asleep. She closed her eyes, and focused all of her attention on the strange flashes of muted colors that sprang up behind her eyelids. Like a daydreamer looking at clouds, she tried to find shapes and patterns in the abstract display. She felt her focus begin to shift…

Then, the dam finally broke. There was no trickle of urine to start like there usually was—her piss burst out of her in a tiny pressurized jet that quickly grew to a powerful stream that sprayed through her panties. “Ahhh!” Lilya screamed, not caring who could hear. Her bladder had been pushed well past her breaking point, and the long-delayed release was both excruciating and euphoric. Hey eyes stung as she fought against the pain. She struggled to remain upright.

A few seconds later, the pain finally faded; replaced with a delicious relief. Her stream continued unabated, but it finally felt like her bladder had shrunk back down to a normal size. Lilya moaned, this time with pleasure.

She was stunned by how long she kept peeing. True to her word, she made no effort to remove her panties, and she felt a wet warmth spread across her ass cheeks as the cotton greedily soaked up the urine. The sensation felt obscene, but the wrongness only heightened her enjoyment.

At last, after what must have been a minute at least, her stream tapered off. She squeezed as hard as she could, pushing out the last few drops of golden liquid, not wanting the sensation to end. Only when her bladder had no more to give did she open her eyes with a sigh of satisfaction.

“Bozhe moy…” Eva breathed. She was still standing in front of Lilya, naked save for her silk panties, her skin flushed. “I… I’m sorry for making you do that, Lilya.” She suddenly looked away, covering her breasts.

Lilya cocked her head. “What to do you mean? You know that I wanted to do this for you. Sure, it hurt, but I liked it all the same. I don’t know what’s wrong with me.” She laughed self-consciously and looked away. She was still turned on—she could feel her pussy throbbing—but without her bladder to distract her she was aware of just how absurd her behavior had been. I’ve over-done it. How can Eva see me the same way after this?

Eva laughed nervously as well. Her glance darted away from Lilya, then back to her. She pinched her fingers together at her side, fidgeting with an imaginary dress. “Well… seeing as you did that for me… I want to do something for you, Lilya. If that’s okay.” Lilya felt her stomach turn over. Her heart was beating so hard it was moving the fabric of her shirt. “Ah…” she stammered. Eva was walking toward her now, her expression earnest. She was close enough now to touch… Lilya could almost hear air raid sirens in her head. Her rational mind was telling her to dash out of the bathroom and hide, but that part of her was feeble and distant. In fact, she seemed to have completely lost authority over her body. It was like she was in a dream; she hadn’t remembered taking a step forward, but here she was—she was right up against Eva now, her body was pressing against hers, she could feel the impossible smoothness of Eva’s skin against her own, and now her lips brushed against Eva’s.

The sensation was so right, it rendered every moral argument she’d ever heard irrelevant in an instant. Katya, the church, the Soviet Union—what did any of them know? Why should Lilya care, when she’d found her own truth right here? She held Eva tight, crushing her body against hers, and felt Eva melt in her arms. A savage thrill coursed through Lilya’s body. She bit Eva’s lip, and then her earlobe. Eva moaned.

In that moment, Lilya felt ready. She laid down gently on the clean tile floor, pulling Eva on top of her. She held Eva’s wrist tightly and guided it towards her crotch. Eva quickly understood what she wanted and reached her hand down; down over Lilya’s belly and inside her sodden panties. A second later her slender fingers were stroking against her clit.

The sensation was indescribable. Nobody had ever touched Lilya intimately before—more than once, she’d fantasized about being pleasured by one of the ladies of the squadron, but the possibility had seemed remote. Eva’s hands were uncertain, and her touches hesitant, but that only made the experience more exciting for Lilya. The slightest contact against her sex felt like an electric shock. “Yes, yes,” she found herself murmuring as she ran a hand through Eva’s hair. She moaned with pent-up arousal. It was almost frustrating—she knew that if she wanted to, she could reach down and finger herself to a long-overdue orgasm in a matter of seconds, but Eva’s softer touch was holding her near the edge without pushing her over. At the same time, the gentle torment she felt was delicious in its own way. “Ah… just a bit more, Eva…” She felt Eva shift her weight. “Huh?”

Eva had stopped using her hands, and had slid her body down so that she laid between Lilya’s open legs. “Let me try this,” the high-born girl announced. She hooked her fingers around Lilya’s panties and started to pull them down. Urine dripped off them as they peeled away from her pussy.

Lilya held her breath as her most private parts were exposed. Unlike Eva, Lilya found it completely impractical to shave down there, and felt suddenly insecure about being exposed, despite the fact that Eva had seen her many times before in the shower. She reflexively reached down, covering herself. Eva gently pulled her hand away. “Relax,” she said. Before Lilya could reply, Eva pushed a finger into her soaked pussy. “Ahhh!” Lilya moaned, her self-control losing out once again to her arousal. Eva worked steadily, stroking Lilya from the inside. “Yes… don’t stop,” Lilya moaned. Her body had never felt like this before. She felt a heat in her core that was radiating down her legs. With every thrust, the heat built a little more. Also, strangely, Lilya felt like she had to pee again, although she pushed the thought from her mind.

Hesitantly, Eva added a second finger, stretching Lilya wider than she’d ever been. Lilya gasped in surprise, and Eva hastily withdrew her hand. “Sorry!” she exclaimed. “Did that hurt?”

“No, no it’s fine! Keep going!” Lilya arched her back as Eva found her pace again. Having two fingers inside of her was a rougher, almost primal sensation. Despite Eva’s obvious care for her well-being, Lilya felt dirty and used, and relished the sensation. The heat inside her was reaching a fever pitch—but, frustratingly, so was her urge to pee. What the hell is going on? With concern, she thought back to the extreme hold she had endured just a few minutes ago. What if I damaged myself? It was an unsettling thought. Her bladder must still be almost empty, but somehow it felt like she was on the edge of an accident. Am I just nervous? That didn’t really make sense to her, either.

Eva started to finger her harder, which brought on more pleasure but also a sharp increase in her desperation. Her pee hole stung, and she squeezed her legs together reflexively—she was about to wet herself! “Stop!” she exclaimed as she pushed away from Eva, who immediately withdrew her hand.

Eva looked at her anxiously. “I’m sorry… did I do something wrong?” She wrung her hands together.

Fuck. “No, you didn’t! Honestly, it felt amazing.” Lilya paused, her brain spinning fruitlessly. What can I say? That I was about to pee on her? “It’s not you, it’s me. I guess I just… wasn’t ready.”

Eva nodded vigorously, although her expression was horror-stricken. “Of course! No, it’s my fault…” she turned, picking up her dress and putting it on as quickly as possible. Lilya felt like her insides had been removed. How did you mess this up? How?! Eva strode quickly for the bathroom door, and Lilya’s mind clicked into gear at last. She snatched Eva’s wrist before she could leave.

“Hey, listen!” she exclaimed. “You were wonderful, I mean it. It’s really embarrassing, but I’ve just got something I need to work out. Before we try again. If you want to.” she finished awkwardly.

Eva relaxed visibly. “Really?”

“Of course.”

“Okay.” She embraced Lilya gently, and Lilya heard her sniff. “I’m sorry for being so mean to you.”

“Don’t be. First of all, I deserved it, and second, it was really hot.”

Eva laughed weakly as she pulled away. “I guess it’s true what they say, after all. It’s tricky the first time!”

////

Lilya tossed under her covers, sleep eluding her. Her body felt unfulfilled, but she was too distracted to touch herself. Her thoughts kept drifting back to what had happened in the bathroom. What is wrong with me? She couldn’t pee when she was aroused, but then, when she had neared her climax, she had felt like she was going to wet herself! This is bullshit. She felt terrible for Eva, who she guessed was asking self-critical questions of her own. I’ll make thing right, Eva, I promise. If we live long enough.

*004*2024-06-03 02:31

Glad you liked the chapter, that was one of my favorites that I wrote. 🙂

This chapter is all plot stuff so yall can skip this one if you're not interested.

//// October 20, 1941

There was cold, Lilya thought, and then there was flying at altitude in northern Russia.

An insulated cockpit—while essential—took you only so far. When you were cruising at 400 kilometers an hour, the cold chilled the glass right through. Lilya had wrapped a scarf around her face to try to keep the vapor of her breath from frosting on the windshield.

Despite the brutal conditions, Lilya was glad to be back in the air. After a night spent asking pointless questions of herself, flying kept her in the present moment. It wasn’t like farming, or cleaning, or any other labor she’d ever done. Flying required constant focus; a oneness with her aircraft. She looked over at the portside wing and smiled. To left of the standard Soviet roundel—the red star—was a hand-painted white lily, outlined in black against the winter camouflage. Its petals unfurled towards the red star, as if basking in its light.

Sergey had shown her the insignia that morning. The snow had stopped, and the ground crews had finally gotten the runway clear enough to take off again. Before she climbed into the cockpit, he had stopped her and pointed towards the wing. “I thought you might like it,” he’d said gruffly. “And seeing as you have a couple of air victories now…”

“I love it!” She’d thrown her arms around the crew leader and kissed him on the cheek.

Sergey blushed beneath his bristly beard. “My only concern was that this might make your job more difficult—once those German pigs recognize your plane, they’ll run away!”

Lilya smiled. “Trust me Sergey; if I never have to fire another round, it will be too soon.”

The frontline kept getting closer. Lilya had hoped that the snowstorm would force the Wermacht to stop for the winter, but after just a few minutes of westward flight she could see smoke rising from where the German shells were landing. It was a constant source of discussion amongst the squadron—what would happen if the Germans overran them? How long could they remain hidden? No matter how well the airfield was concealed, it seemed just a matter of time before they were discovered if they attempted to take off while behind enemy lines. Katya was tight-lipped on the subject, saying only that they would cross that bridge when they got to it.

For now, they had had more pressing matters to deal with.

Katya’s voice crackled over the radio. “I’ve said it before, ladies: as the Germans push farther east, their supply lines become increasingly strained. We’ve already had reports of their tanks being abandoned—not because they’re damaged, but because they’ve run out of fuel. That’s our target for today: if we see fuel tankers—truck or train, guarded or unguarded—we will take them out or die trying.” Despite the gravitas of her words, Katya sounded as nonplussed as ever. Lilya thought she understood. When thousands of troops were dying on the ground every day, it made risk-taking more palatable. If they were an ordinary squadron of the Red Air Force, their deaths would be completely unremarkable. Lilya was still afraid, but Katya’s fortitude kept her panic at bay.

Even though the storm of the past week had subsided, heavy grey clouds still blotted out the sky. The squadron flew just under the overcast, hidden from anyone lurking above while still having an advantage over any German fighters flying closer to the ground. Lilya peered around the nose of her plane. The land was heavily forested, so it wasn’t easy to make out roads, much less military targets. The few villages she’d seen were utterly destroyed; smoking hulls of buildings with no sign of life. She thought she saw another settlement up ahead. She squinted—was something moving amongst the houses?

A sudden volley of glowing tracer rounds removed all doubt. “AA, twelve o’clock below!” Katya called out. Lilya wove back and forth as much as she could without breaking formation, but there really wasn’t much point. At this altitude, it would take a very lucky shot for a truck-mounted anti-aircraft gunner to bring down a Yak at full speed, and a pilot was almost as likely to steer into a shell as to avoid one. Nonetheless, a jarring crack! to her right made her jump with surprise. A flak-shell exploded like a black firework over her shoulder. Lilya nudged her throttle higher.

“Cyka!” Katya’s voice broke harshly over the radio. Lilya felt her stomach drop—she’d never heard her lieutenant curse before. “What is it?” she dared to ask.

There was a pause. “Nothing. Carry on.”

The squadron pushed west, looking to get to the softer underbelly of the German front. The clouds were starting to break up. Lilya’s apprehension was growing, and not just because of the loss of cover. There was something… off with her plane. It was very slight, but the Klimov engine felt a touch weaker than usual. And just there—had she felt it stumble? She chewed her lip as she weighed whether to tell Katya, but decided against it. So maybe I lose a piston—so what? Plenty more where those came from, she tried to reassure herself. We’re all going to make it home together.

“What’s that? Ten o’clock.” It was Kaede who spoke this time. Lilya followed the call-out and saw dozens of specks between the clouds, high up and moving east. “Esfir?” Katya asked.

“I see maybe ten twin-engined planes, and an escort of twice that many,” the keen-eyed girl replied.

“Very well,” said Katya. She sounded weary. “Too many for us to engage. Break northwest and we’ll lose them.”

“Shouldn’t we get some altitude?” Lilya asked.

“I don’t think the escort will go after us, not when they have bombers to defend.”

The squadron banked to the right and changed heading. Lilya felt her engine stumble again. She drummed her fingers nervously against her controls stick. They’d been spotted, and their odds of a successful mission were declining by the minute.

“They’re following!” warned Esfir. Lilya glanced over her shoulder and groaned. At least ten German fighters had broken away from the formation—it seemed the Luftwaffe was greedier than Katya had given it credit for. The pursuers were still several kilometers back, but they had more altitude than the Yaks. The Yaks were a hair faster in level flight, but the Germans were closing the gap as they dove. It’s going to be close…

Katya was clearly making the same calculations in her head. “Full throttle and a northeast heading, ladies. And a two-degree dive. They won’t catch us. They’re wasting their time.” There was a pause. “Make that a heading of thirty degrees. They seem to be trying to cut us off to the south.”

Lilya furrowed her brow as they picked up speed in the dive. The Germans were still gaining on them, but Katya was right—they weren’t quite pursuing directly. Maybe they want to stay closer to their bombers? But that doesn’t make any sense—they didn’t have to chase us in the first place.

At full throttle, her engine was showing its weakness. Even with her radiator flaps closed as much as she dared, the other girls were starting to pull away. “Back off a few k’s,” Katya said. “Let Lilya form back up.”

“Sorry,” Lilya said, embarrassed but relieved. “I think I caught some flak earlier.”

“No matter. Level out, ladies—they’re breaking off!”

Lilya looked back and saw the Germans banking away, leaving the squadron at low altitude but unscathed. Lilya didn’t join her comrades in celebrating, though. The whole chase still felt wrong.

They were coming up on a massive cloudbank that towered over their planes like an iceberg. It seemed to grow taller and taller as they approached, until it blotted out the entire sky ahead. A shiver of fear crept up Lilya’s spine. She made up her mind. “Katya—I think we should head to base.”

“Why? Are you still losing horsepower?”

“No, I don’t think so, but… I’m telling you; I don’t think we should push our luck any more than we have.” Her heart was hammering in her chest. Am I losing my nerve?

“Negative, Litvyak.” Katya sounded exhausted and irate. “We’ll fly under the cloudbank and be safe there from unfriendly eyes. There’s no sense in wasting fuel on an incomplete sortie. Or wasting my time questioning my decisions, efréĭtor.”

Lilya felt a lump in her throat. Katya had never been so harsh with her before. This is all wrong! She paused for a moment, hoping against hope that one of the other girls would rise to her defense, but there was nothing but static over the radio. Lilya took a shaky breath. “I’m sorry, Lieutenant.” There was no reply.

They were just a few kilometers from the cloud bank now. It loomed overhead, ready to swallow the Russian formation whole. Lilya focused on her breathing. In a minute, they would be safe. The clouds will—wait. NO!

Like a scene from a nightmare, a dozen German fighters erupted from the cloudbank. As soon as they caught sight of the Russian formation below them, they dove on their prey. Lilya’s worst fears had been realized—they had flown right into a trap. In mere seconds they would be upon them—there was no room to run. “What do we do?” cried Natalya, her voice breaking.

“We fly right at them.” Lilya didn’t hear anger in Katya’s voice anymore, only resignation. “We must reach that cloudbank. Run as fast as you can, and don’t turn back for anything.”

Lilya pulled back on her stick. The squadron pitched up, flying right into the teeth of the ambush. All of her instincts told her to break and run, but she held her course. The 109s were now dead ahead, closing terrifyingly fast. Lilya resisted the urge to fire. Hold…

Seen head-on, the 109s had a graceful profile, with a tapered nose and long, slender wings. The Germans were painted in a winter grey, save for flashes of yellow on the nose and wings. The 109 opposite her released a machinegun burst, but the shots missed their mark. Hold!

At three hundred meters—as best as Lilya could judge—she opened fire. Her 20mm and 13mm guns sprang to life with their usual stumbling gait; the fire rates overlapped each other in an unbalanced patten. With her nose up, recoil and gravity were both working against her, and she had to fight to keep the oncoming 109 in her sights. She saw several hits across the fuselage, but her opponent was still firing back at her. The German propellor cone was painted in a spiral, so that it spun hypnotically with the blades. Lilya had never noticed it before.

A cannon shell exploded on her right wing, sending a shockwave through the plane. Lilya had had enough. She pushed the nose of her plane down sharply. The negative g-forces lifted her up from her seat; she would have hit the canopy above her head if it hadn’t been for her seatbelt. Her ears rang as blood rushed to her head, and a red haze clouded her vision. She gritted her teeth—normal G’s might make you pass out, but inverted G’s hurt. Belatedly, she remembered that her airframe and engine were already damaged, but by then it was too late to do anything except pray the plane held together.

The unorthodox maneuver worked. Either unable or unwilling to stay on target, the 109 by screamed overhead, close enough to jar her with its slipstream. Lilya didn’t bother to see if he was turning around. The cloudbank was just seconds away. Everything depended now on what lay ahead—how thick was the cloud? Would the Germans lose them before they punched through to the other side? It would be the blind chasing the blind.

Suddenly, Katya—who was still out in front of the formation—banked hard to her left, and started to turn back into the regrouping Germans.

“What are you doing?” Lilya screamed, although she already knew the answer.

“Stay the course, Litvyak! That’s an order! Your squadron needs you.” The Lieutenant was trying to keep her voice level, but Lilya could still hear a tremor.

“I don’t care!” Lilya flicked her plane to the side, and started to follow Katya’s turn.

“Lilya, no!” The radio was full of shouting now, but Lilya paid it no mind. Her engine shuddered, but she held on. She wasn’t going to let Katya die alone.

Then, with a groan, her engine cut out completely.

Lilya cursed and broke off her turn, cruising parallel to the cloudbank as Katya flew alone towards the Germans. It was a surreal sensation to be flying with no sound but the wind. She’d never been able to hear the air around her plane in such detail before—a steady rushing over the canopy, overlaid with whistling from the gun ports and exhaust pipes in the nose. Without the engine to compensate, she could feel the wind tugging at the hole in her right wing, slowing her down unevenly like an oar in water. More faintly, she could hear the drone of planes to her left. The 109s were still trying to form back up, but a few had already noticed Katya and were moving to intercept her.

Lilya tore her gaze away—she had problems of her own to deal with. She took stock as quickly as she could. The propellor was still spinning slowly in the wind, which meant the engine hadn’t seized completely. She still had fuel as well. She tried the ignition, but the engine wouldn’t fire. Not good, not good…

She heard the thin sound of distant machinegun fire, and couldn’t help looking over her shoulder. A 109 was going down in flames, but several more were diving on Katya and the rest were turning towards her as well. Lilya was sitting duck if any of them went for her, but it seemed she had escaped notice. Katya fought on gamely, cutting back and forth too quickly for the Germans to line up a shot on her. Phosphorescent rounds streaked on every side of her like a blizzard.

Lilya was running out of options to save her plane. There was only one thing to try—she rolled over and dove straight for the ground.

Even with no engine power, she immediately started to pick up speed. Her aircraft, especially the right wing, shook and rattled ominously. She kept her eye fixed on the indicated airspeed gauge—as she dove into thicker air, the drag on her plane put the airframe under ever greater stress. The propellor was spinning faster now, but the engine still wouldn’t start. Five hundred IAS… Five fifty…

At 600 kmph she tapered off her dive—the vibration had gotten so bad she was in danger of losing control. “Start, damn it!” Reflexively, she reached down and touched the parachute strapped to her lower back. No, not yet. As a final attempt, she changed the propellor pitch, adjusting the angle of the blades so they would catch more wind. The blades started to spin faster.

With an exhausted groan, the engine rumbled back to life. Lilya felt the change immediately—her plane sounded terrible, but she had power again. She pulled out of her dive and turned as quickly as she dared back towards Katya.

Somehow, outnumbered ten to one, her Yak-1 was still dancing amid the swarm of German fighters. The fight had drifted lower, and Katya was almost scraping the treetops as she turned. It was beautiful flying—Katya was using her lack of speed to her advantage, forcing her assailants to overshoot her again and again. A 109 dove on her, cannons blazing. Lilya held her breath, but somehow Katya eluded the gunfire, and the 109 zipped past. As it attempted to climb away to safety, Katya pulled up after it. Red tracer rounds stitched through the fleeing German plane, and the engine burst into flames. Katya broke off, desperately trying to recover speed.

“Come on!” Lilya screamed at her plane, but her engine was on its last legs. I’m not going to get there in time. “I’m coming, Katya!” She shouted over the radio. There was no reply.

Three Germans opened fire at once, and this time they did not miss. Lilya saw strikes across the fuselage and both wings, and cloud of debris blew off Katya’s plane. She tumbled from the sky like a shot bird. A second later, her plane crashed into the forest in a fireball. Katya was gone.

Lilya turned into the cloudbank, her face streaked with tears.

The return flight passed in a haze. Her engine staggered on, weak but refusing to die. At some point, she picked up Natalya on the radio, and for the rest of the journey Natalya tailed her from above, escorting Lilya’s crippled plane.

Then she was sitting in the mess hall, holding a cup of something hot. Brandy, she thought it might be, based on the scent.

She looked up. Eva, Kaede, Natalya, and Esfir were all sitting at the table with her. Nobody was speaking. This relieved Lilya. There was nothing she wanted to say. She wasn’t sure she could speak if she wanted to; in fact, it didn’t feel like she could move at all. She closed her eyes, trying to focus on the warmth in her hands and shut out the whole world.

Natalya said something, her voice echoing down to Lilya’s mental hiding place. Lilya couldn’t make out the words, nor did she care to try. But her tone was kind. Sweet Natalya. Lilya remembered her friend flying above her like a guardian angel. But you left Katya. All of you did. It wasn’t a fair thought. Lilya had been the only one to disobey Katya, and had nearly paid for it with her life.

I’m the officer in charge. The thought intruded uninvited. The invisible weight on her body doubled; she struggled even to breathe. I can’t do this. Lilya was too exhausted to cry, but she felt tears running down her face all the same. I can’t do this. I can’t. I don’t want to fight anymore. I don’t want to fly. I want to die, but I know I can’t do that either.

She felt someone lift her up from her seat. It was Esfir. “On your feet,” Esfir said—sternly, but not unkindly. The short-haired girl walked Lilya to her bed, as Eva hurried to help her. “You need to rest,” Esfir said simply. She stepped aside, and Lilya let Eva help her out of her clothes and into a nightgown. A moment later she was lying down, wrapped in blankets, and so very tired. “Night changes many thoughts,” she heard Eva say. Then the darkness took her.

*007*2024-06-10 02:22

Yeahhhh sorry this story is so grim haha. Rest in peace Katya, I really tried to incorporate some omorashi scenes involving her but couldn't pull it off in a way that felt realistic for me.

Good question Vapor. The black rose is a traditional symbol of death.

Anyways, here's the next segment!

//// October 21, 1941

It was still dark when Lilya woke, although she knew she had slept for a long time. She felt sore and exhausted, and her eyes hurt. She took a deep breath and sat up. The effort made her lightheaded. She was hungry, she realized with relief. It was a good sign.

The other girls all seemed to be asleep. She slipped out of bed, blanket slung over her shoulders for warmth, and made her way to the mess hall.

////

As she sat at the table, eating a roll, her eyes were fixed on the entrance to Katya’s quarters. It called to her, filling her with dread. She knew what she would find inside: the spartan furnishings and neatly made bed, just as Katya would have left it.

Now, all of it was hers.

She hadn’t yet accepted that reality. It was hard enough to acknowledge that Katya was dead—it was even more difficult to try to take her place. But, sooner or later, she would have to cross the threshold, if for no other reason than to use the military radio.

Waiting wouldn’t make it any better. The emotions that she’d forced down after the battle were starting to come alive. There were some orders of business she needed to take care of. Lilya sighed, opened the door, and stepped inside.

By the time she returned to the mess hall, light was streaming through the windows, and Natalya, Eva, Kaede and Esfir were all eating breakfast in silence. They looked up expectantly.

“I sent a message to headquarters,” she said. She couldn’t have elaborated on what “headquarters” was if she had tried. Details of their command structure had been kept intentionally vague, even for Katya. All Lilya knew was that if she used the radio to send encoded messages over a certain frequency, she would receive a reply. “I told them that… I told them about Katya.”

“What did they say?” asked Natalya. “Did they promote you?”

“No. Although they did confirm that I am the commanding officer. At least for now. The situation is complicated.” Lilya swallowed. “There’s something else I need to tell you. They also gave me updates from the front.

“The Germans are still advancing. They’ve reached Tikhvin. The city is under siege.”

“Tikhvin! But that means…”

“Yes. We’ve been overrun.”

There was a long silence as the squadron absorbed the news. On one hand, it was not a terrible shock. The Wehrmacht had been grinding forward for months, and they had all seen how close the frontlines had gotten. Even from the beginning, Bukhta had been designed to operate behind enemy lines. Nevertheless, fear gnawed at Lilya’s insides, joining her other negative emotions. Camouflage and isolation would only get them so far. It was just a matter of time before they were discovered. Every takeoff and landing ran an enormous risk of exposure.

“We knew this would happen,” Lilya said at last. “We have fuel and provisions enough to last the winter.”

“It’s not provisions I’m worried about,” Esfir said sourly. “The second one of us takes off, every Nazi in the area is going to wonder how a Russian plane popped out of the forest behind enemy lines. And that’s if we aren’t seen by reconnaissance first.”

Lilya shrugged. “We can take off before dawn. The German spy planes haven’t found us yet, and it stands to figure they’re doing more scouting of Soviet territory than their own.”

Esfir only scowled. “It doesn’t matter. If we try to keep running missions, we’re going to die.”

Then we die, Lilya almost said. There was a part of her that still wanted to give up. Or at least, to die honorably and finally be done with it. But her gaze fell on Eva, looking back at her fearfully, and the morbid instinct faded. There were still things worth fighting for.

She returned her focus to Esfir. “We were put here for a reason. We’re more than just a fighter wing. Up until this point, we’ve been flying sorties that any squadron near the front lines could have done themselves. But now, things are different. As far as I know, we’re the only airfield the Red Air Force has that’s behind enemy lines.”

“But what’s the point?” Esfir demanded.

Lilya hesitated. “I don’t know yet. But we have the element of surprise. I think we need to find some way to take advantage of it.”

Natalya was shaking her head. “I agree with Esfir. We can’t do any good here. In the early days of the war, when the Germans were moving forward a hundred kilometers in a week, an airfield behind enemy lines made a little more sense. It was more territory than they could keep track of, and in the confusion, there might have been room for us to operate without getting marked. But the situation has changed. We should abandon the airfield—fly east back to Soviet territory, so we can keep fighting!”

“And the grounds crew? Are you going to tell them that they’ve been abandoned?”

Natalya’s face reddened with embarrassment. “Still—I don’t see how leaving them behind puts them in any more danger than they already are.”

“We aren’t leaving them, and we aren’t leaving Bukhta,” Lilya said, with more confidence than she felt. “There’s risk, but there’s opportunity as well. Our challenge will be to figure out how we can use our position to our advantage.”

Natalya nodded slowly, but Esfir still looked rebellious. “I’m not getting back in a plane for any other reason than to leave this damn airfield and never come back.”

“You will do as commanded!” Lilya stood angrily, her chair falling with a clatter.

Esfir stood up as well. “Will I?” she asked coldly. “Who the fuck do you think you are, Lilya? You’re as new to the air force as any of us. You think that since you know how to fly a plane, you know how to command a squadron? Just because you were Katya’s favorite doesn’t mean you’ve somehow inherited her abilities. What did you do to get promoted, anyways? I’m not taking orders from some farmhand slut who only knows how to—” she broke off as Lilya lunged towards her, taking the larger girl by surprise and tackling her to the ground.

All of Lilya’s worries had been temporarily pushed aside by a current of white-hot rage. It didn’t matter to her that Esfir was stronger, or that what she said might be true. After a day of agonizing over what had happened and what lied ahead, it felt euphoric to simply do something, no matter how irrational. Lilya struck her across the face before Esfir shoved her off. Lilya scrambled to her feet, and Esfir walked towards her. The short-haired girl was bleeding from above her left eye, but she had a slight smile on her face.

Lilya planted her feet as Esfir advanced. She raised her fists…

An instant later, she was on the ground. Her ears were ringing. “What…” she croaked groggily. She became aware of a dull throbbing on the left side of her jaw. Ah. That makes sense.

“Are you okay?” Eva was kneeling over her. “I’ll be fine,” Lilya muttered. Ignoring her sense of vertigo, she pulled herself up into a chair. Natalya and Kaede were still in the mess hall, but Esfir was gone. Lilya tried to assess her emotions, but they were hard to pin down. Adrenaline was still coursing through her system, but at the same time she wanted to cry. Eva reached out and took her hand. For several minutes, they remained motionless. Eva’s touch grounded her, and she felt her pulse begin to slow. The vertigo faded, but the pain in her jaw became worse. “I need some time to think,” she managed at last. She walked back to Katya’s room and closed the door.

Katya’s bed was comfortable, there was no denying that. Or perhaps, months of life in the barracks had lowered her standards for comfort. It was late afternoon now; she’d been lying down for hours, still wearing her nightgown, on top of the covers. What do I do? She asked herself again and again as she studied the ceiling. Esfir was right—she wasn’t Katya. She could sit at her desk and sleep in her bed, but none of that would make her a commander.

There was something else, too. Every step she took towards Katya was a step away from her friends. She could already feel it starting to happen. She remembered the warmth of Eva’s hand in her hand, and the warmth of Eva’s lips against her lips. A single tear trickled out of the corner of her eye. Would she ever be able to feel those things again?

After a few more minutes, she made up her mind.

“Esfir,” she called. “Everyone. I have something that I want to say.”

The girls gathered around the table, facing Lilya. Esfir’s eye had swollen slightly, but she regarded Lilya calmly. Lilya forced herself to hold her gaze. “First off, Esfir—I owe you an apology. I’m sorry I lost my temper with you.”

Esfir surprised her by dipping her head in acceptance. “I’m sorry too. I shouldn’t have said what I said.”

“You weren’t wrong, though,” Lilya replied. “I’m not Katya. I don’t think I ever will be.

“I’m no great military strategist. I’m not even really an officer. I’m just a girl who loves her friends.” Lilya swallowed hard, then kept speaking. “There’s a part of me that wants to run away from this place. I’ve seen enough death for a lifetime. When I was conscripted, I couldn’t wait to be a hero. Well… I don’t want to be a hero anymore. I want the fighting to be over. I want to go home. I want to see my mother again. And I want all of you to be safe.

“But, I know our work isn’t done here.

“Here’s how I see it. There are just five of us left at Bukhta, plus our ground crews. We can’t win the war by ourselves. Still, we have a unique position. An airfield behind enemy lines—I don’t know if that has ever happened before. The Germans aren’t prepared for it. I don’t know how, but there has to be a way we can use that to our advantage.”

“I still don’t understand,” interjected Esfir. “As soon as we get into the air, we’re just another squadron. It doesn’t matter where we take off from. And we can’t even plow the snow off the airfield without exposing ourselves.”

“That’s true,” Lilya agreed. “And that’s why we aren’t flying again without first getting a target.”

Natalya furrowed her brow. “So we’re just going to sit around and wait?”

Yes, Lilya wanted to say, but she knew it wouldn’t go over well. Instead, she said “Not necessarily.

“We need to collect as much information as we can if we’re going to launch an attack. At the same time, if we’re about to be discovered, we need to make sure we notice the Germans before they notice us. That way, we have a chance of getting out of here before they get to the airfield.”

“Do you mean patrolling on foot?” Esfir asked.

“Yes, exactly.”

Esfir paused, then said, “We should also camouflage the runway and the barracks as best we can. I have a few ideas.”

Lilya nodded, relieved. “Good thinking! You can be in charge of it.”

Lilya looked at her comrades, one by one. Esfir, Natalya, Kaede and Eva; she trusted them with her life, and by staying, they were trusting their lives with her. Something that might have been hope stirred in her chest, straightening her spine and raising her chin.

“We can do this.”

Hope is the thing with feathers

That perches in the soul

And sings the tune without the words

And never stops at all

//// October 30, 1941

Lilya and Natalya lay motionless on the hill, looking out at the road. All was quiet.

It had been ten days since Katya had been killed in action. Nine days since Lilya had convinced the squadron to stay at Bukhta.

So far, they had remained undiscovered. The days had settled into a tense, but predictable routine. Two of the girls would leave the air base to scout for Germans; the other three would stay back to work on concealing the buildings and runway. The ground crew had offered enthusiastic support for Lilya’s initiative—for them, leaving Bukhta by air had never been an option.

All had agreed that they were most likely to be discovered by reconnaissance planes. Lilya knew firsthand how distinctive the airfield was from above; despite being quite small by military standards, the long, narrow gap in the forest was a dead giveaway to anyone who knew what they were looking for. Esfir—who was leading the camouflaging effort—had instructed the ground crew to fell as many conifers as they could, and erect them on the airfield. The result looked like something out of a Christmas storybook: the runway was dotted with pines and cedars—some smaller than Lilya and the biggest more than ten meters tall—each propped up by a rough wooden frame.

There were even a few smaller trees mounted comically on top of the barracks and hangars. The evergreen trees wouldn’t brown for several months, despite being cut down. Sergey had assured Lilya that in an emergency, they could have all the trees off of the runway in just a few minutes. The snow smoothed away the rough edges and tire-tracks of habitation, leaving behind a passable imitation of a forest—or so Lilya hoped. Without being able to look from above, she didn’t know how convincing the ruse really was.

The other possibility for discovery was by ground. There wasn’t as much Lilya could do about that—the best they could hope for was that if the Germans got dangerously close, the scouts could raise the alarm and get as many people as possible to safety.

There were no guns to be found at the base—not that there was much hope in winning a battle against would-be intruders. Instead, Lilya clutched a flare gun as she surveyed the forest. The idea was simple—if they saw the Germans without being spotted, they would sneak back to base and work out a plan for evacuation. If they were detected, however, they would launch a flare, and run away from the base to buy time for the others. What would happen to them once they were caught was not something Lilya wanted to think about.

Their hiding spot was a good one, though. Positioned just behind a ridge two kilometers from base, and dug into the snow, little more than their eyes were visible. The girls of the squadron covered the lookout in two shifts—today, Eva and Kaede had taken the first shift from dawn until noon. They hadn’t seen a single soul on the road that morning, and the first few hours of Lilya’s and Natalya’s shift had been similarly uneventful.

Lilya looked up at the iron-grey sky. “I hope it snows again,” she said quietly. “It will help cover our tracks.” They always swept their footprints clear behind them, but a competent tracker would have no trouble following their trail.

“How can you say that?” groused Natalya, shifting uncomfortably. “We didn’t all grow up in barns, you know. I’m not used to staying out all day in the cold like a peasant!”

Lilya only smiled. “When you enlisted, you should have specified you wanted an indoor combat assignment. Only have yourself to blame, really.”

“Not much room to fly indoors.” Natalya shifted again.

“Stop doing that,” Lilya chided. “I’m not getting captured because you picked a tree root to lay on top of.”

Natalya didn’t fire off an immediate retort, to Lilya’s surprise. I wonder if she has to pee, Lilya thought, immediately feeling guilty at her own interest. It reminded her of something, however, and after a minute she worked up the courage to speak.

“Hey, Natalya. I have a question for you.”

“Yeah?” Natalya turned her head towards Lilya, her golden hair peeking out from beneath her wool cap.

“So…when I was…with Eva—” she broke off as Natalya giggled, but it was a friendly sort of teasing.

“I’m not sure what you’re going to ask me, Lilya, but I’ve never been with a woman! I think Esfir would be a better choice for advice! Maybe she can teach you how to throw a punch, as well.”

Lilya had to stop herself from laughing, despite her embarrassment. “Shut up for a second. What I was going to say was, there was a moment when I was…close…and then all of a sudden I had to pee.” Lilya’s face felt hot enough to melt the snow in front of her. “I’ve never had that happen before.”

Natalya was giggling again, but Lilya’s heart leapt when she nodded in understanding. “It’s okay, I know what you’re talking about. Don’t worry! You’re not going to wet yourself. Although it does kind of feel like you will when you come.” It was Natalya’s turn to blush. “Actually, there was one time where something… came out. But it wasn’t pee.” Lilya stared at her, dumbfounded, but Natalya only shrugged. “I couldn’t tell you what happened, so don’t ask me. But don’t worry, there’s nothing wrong with you. I think it has something to do with rubbing against the front of your pussy. Like, up towards your navel.” She grinned, clearly enjoying Lilya’s embarrassment. “Come on, don’t be shy! I can show you, if you want!”

“Christ, Natalya, I don’t need a demonstration!” Lilya exclaimed, but inside she was giddy with relief. She felt happier than she had in days. Amidst all of the preparations and the stress of command, she hadn’t had much time alone with Eva. Or so she had told herself; in truth, she had been avoiding scenarios that might lead to intimacy. Now, however, the prospect seemed less frightening and more enticing. Her mind drifted.

Another hour passed, and Natalya was fidgeting more now, showing the telltale signs of a full bladder. At last, she gave Lilya a pleading look. “I know you said we’re not supposed to move.”

“I did.”

“Because it will give away our position.”

“Yes.”

“But nobody’s been down this road all day! And… I have to pee.”

“I’m not risking getting discovered because you need to relieve yourself, Natalya. You’re going to have to hold it.” Lilya’s tone was terse. Truth be told, the sight of Natalya’s discomfort was drawing her attention to her own bladder, which was starting to fill. She wasn’t sure she would even have noticed under normal circumstances, but lying prone meant her abdomen was forced to bear some of her body weight. She pulled out the pocket-watch she had borrowed from Eva and checked the time. It was almost three in the afternoon—they were scheduled to head back at sunset, which would be about five. Two more hours. She could make it that long—probably. Natalya, she was less sure about. It would take them another half an hour to get back to base, but once they left the road behind there was nothing stopping both of them from peeing in the forest.

Natalya muttered something under her breath but did not protest further. In the ensuing silence, Lilya entertained herself as best she could: planning hypothetical attack missions, simulating dogfights in her head, and fantasizing about sleeping with Eva.

Lilya checked her watch again. It was 4 o’clock now, and still no sign of activity on the road below. Her bladder had become a significant discomfort; she regretted the canteen of hot tea she had fortified herself with on the hike from base. She realized that all afternoon, she had been producing urine at an accelerated rate. As nonchalantly as she could, she shifted her weight onto one hip, taking some of the pressure off. She glanced at Natalya. “How are you doing?” she asked.

To her surprise, Natalya only shrugged. “I’ll live,” the blonde-haired girl replied. “Only an hour to go, right?” Lilya nodded, hiding her own disappointment. She had hoped Natalya would be truly desperate by now—if Natalya had begged her, Lilya would have let her comrade get up and relieve herself, giving Lilya the opportunity to do the same. But as things stood, Lilya couldn’t justify breaking her own rule and getting up to pee by herself. I’ll just have to hold it, she thought, pursing her lips at the irony. In the dead silence of winter, she could hear the pocket-watch ticking as the minutes dragged by. Her bladder started to throb.

She waited as long as she could before checking the watch again, knowing that staring at the clock would only make time move slower. But, as the throbbing in her lower abdomen became sharper, she gave in, looking for reassurance. Instead, her stomach dropped. Four seventeen? How can that be?! Less than twenty minutes had passed, and yet it felt as if her desperation had multiplied.

Belatedly, she realized that lying in near-absolute stillness for so long had allowed her bladder to swell unimpeded, hiding most of the early signs of desperation. Surreptitiously, she worked a gloved hand under her shirt, wincing at the touch of her cold fingers. Her bladder was palpably swollen, and very firm. For the first time, she felt afraid. I’m not going to make it—no, stop! Yes, I am. She took a deep breath to steady her nerves. She was going to make it. She had been in desperate situations before, and wet her panties on more than one occasion, but she had never given into the ultimate humiliation of a full-blown wetting.

Another ten or so minutes passed. The sun, hidden all day, was now low enough in the sky to break through the clouds to the west. It painted the landscape with a soft golden light that glowed between the long shadows of tree-trunks. The scenery was beautiful, but Lilya was too far gone to notice it. She was in agony.

Her bladder was now absolutely bursting, and nothing she did seemed to help. Crossing her legs was of limited use when lying on her belly—somehow, it seemed to put even more strain on her abdomen. The best she could do was lie with one hand jammed in her crotch, but in winter clothing, she couldn’t apply much pressure to where it was needed. Her pride had been her undoing, she realized. She hadn’t wanted to be the one to break first—not when Natalya had been showing signs of desperation for far longer. She looked over once again at her friend. Her leg was bouncing, but her posture was still relaxed. How did she do it?

Lilya’s urethra stung sharply, and, despite her best efforts, the first few drops of urine escaped. She managed to stem the flood—barely—but not without a whimper of agony.

Natalya cocked her head. “You okay?”

“Fine,” grunted Lilya, not meeting her gaze.

Natalya sighed. “Don’t you think this has gone on long enough?”

“I said I’m fine!” Lilya’s breathing was getting ragged now; the pain was exquisite. Tears stung the corners of her eyes.

“Bullshit, Lilya. Just get up and pee.”

For just a second, Lilya’s poise wavered. The thought of finally letting go—of letting her tortured muscles relax—was tantalizing. In that moment of weakness, her urethra spasmed, and a jet of piss sprayed into her panties. Fffft! Under different circumstances, Natalya might not have heard, but in the dead quiet of winter, the sound of rushing liquid was unmistakable.

“Oh, Lilya…” Natalya whispered.

By then, Lilya couldn’t have moved even if she had tried. Her bladder felt obscenely swollen; pressed out in every direction by the volume of pee inside of it. She felt the pressure against her waistband, but knew that while unbuttoning her pants might lessen her pain, her body simply couldn’t take any more. A trickle of urine started to force its way out of her pee-hole, and no matter how hard she clenched, she couldn’t stop it. So this is the limit, she thought. I lost to Natalya in a game I was playing against myself. She ducked her head in shame, and let go.

The blissful relief she had been craving didn’t come right away. Her cramped pelvic muscles, after being held tight for so long, didn’t fully relax, and her stream was choked down to an uneven trickle. Lilya moaned in frustration—the pressure on her distended bladder was more intense than ever. Frantically, she moved her legs apart and sat back towards her heels so that her knees pressed against her chest.

At last, the dam broke. Her panties were soaked instantly by the flood of urine, and the long cotton underwear she wore as her inner layer followed soon after. A dark stain began to blossom across the crotch of her trousers; vapor curled off the hot liquid as at came in contact with the frigid air.

Lilya allowed herself a moment of ecstasy as piss seeped through her tight-fitting underwear and down her thighs. After being forced to hold her poise for so long—not just that day, but ever since she had assumed command—it felt good to be broken. Her thighs and pussy felt like they were on fire; the urine was scaldingly hot against her cold skin. Lilya balled her hands into fists to resist the temptation to slip a hand inside her panties.

But as the first drops fell from the crotch of her pants into the pristine snow between her feet, she came to her senses. Drawing on her reserves of willpower, she clenched her exhausted muscles once more. Her vision blurred with tears as her urethra stung in protest, but Lilya kept squeezing. The flood reduced to a trickle, and then stopped completely.

“All right,” she said to Natalya, trying to ignore how badly her voice was shaking. “We’re done here. Let’s get away from the road.” Not waiting for Natalya to respond, she pushed herself to her feet. Immediately, her desperation returned—although it had felt like an eternity, she had only been peeing for a few seconds, and her bladder was still mostly full. She jammed a hand into her crotch—cursing as urine soaked into her glove—and staggered downhill.

There were some large trees near the bottom of the hill, and Lilya had intended to squat behind one of them to preserve her last shreds of dignity, but she had only gone a few steps when she realized that was on the verge of wetting herself once again. Her body had nothing left to give; she could feel her urethral muscles weakening by the second. “Not again!” she exclaimed out loud as she fumbled with the button of her trousers. Her gloves made her movements clumsy, and she felt shaky all over. She pulled off her gloves just as urine started to spray into her panties once more. “No!” She tried one last time to clamp the flow, but her body simply refused to listen. The insides of her legs were now completely soaked, and with nowhere else to go, urine was creeping upwards through the fabric of her panties against her ass cheeks.

At last, she worked her waist button free with numb fingers. Still pissing freely, she yanked down her panties, underwear, and pants all at once and squatted in the snow.

A plume of steam enveloped her as her bladder finally emptied. The cold air against her pussy made Lilya painfully aware of how exposed she was. She glanced apprehensively at Natalya, but to her relief the blonde-haired girl had turned away from her. Lilya pushed as hard as she could, trying to get the ordeal over with as quickly as possible. Still, it seemed to take forever before her stream finally trickled down to nothing. She was about to pull up her sodden panties when she stopped.

She wasn’t out of trouble yet, she realized. Two kilometers wasn’t far to walk—even cross-country—but in this cold, being wet was dangerous. She would freeze if she didn’t do something about her clothes. With a groan of resignation, she unlaced her boots, and then pulled them off. Her pants came next; they had a large wet spot at the crotch, but were still probably serviceable. Next came her cotton underwear, soaked down to the knees, and her sodden panties. She was now nude below the waist except for her socks, and the cold burned fiercely against her wet skin, which had already cooled off. Now for the hard part. Lilya put her gloves back on and knelt in the snow. She scooped up a handful of the fine powder and rubbed it into her thighs.

Lilya had known it would hurt, but she still yelped as the snow came in contact with her delicate skin. Despite its coldness, the snow was effective; it soaked up almost all of the urine it came in contact with. She reached for another handful, and with a whimper of apprehension, rubbed it into her soaked pussy. The pain was bad enough to make her knees weak, but she forced herself to keep going. “Natalya,” she called as she brushed off the snow. “Come here, please.” Natalya walked over immediately, still averting her gaze from Lilya’s nakedness. “What’s wrong?” she asked, concerned.

“I need your underwear. Now.” It wasn’t a question; she simply commanded. It was a matter of necessity, and she didn’t have the time or willpower to explain herself. Lilya heard Natalya start to say something, then stop. The blonde-haired girl unbuttoned her pants and began stripping down. A moment later, shivering badly in her panties, she handed over her long underwear to Lilya.

“Thank you!” Lilya wasted no time in pulling the offered garment over her naked lower half. The effect was instantaneous as the warm, dry cotton wicked away the last of the moisture. The two girls re-dressed as quickly as they could. It would be a cold walk back for both of them, Lilya thought, but they would be all right.

Adrenaline and relief together made Lilya feel giddy. “That was a close one! Well, more than close, I guess. But it could have been a lot worse!” She looked over at her friend, expecting to see her smiling, but Natalya looked troubled, and didn’t meet Lilya’s gaze.

Lilya furrowed her brow. Something had been off about Natalya all afternoon. She stopped walking and pulled Natalya’s shoulder so they stood face to face. “Hey—what’s going on here? Why are you acting like this? I know I’m missing something—tell me!”

The stood like that for a moment; shivering, with the last beams of daylight shining on the mist of their breath. Then Natalya sighed and looked away once more. “I’m sorry, Lilya—I set you up.”

“You what?”

“I set you up. I made you wet yourself.”

Lilya’s head spun. “No, you didn’t. You didn’t even—” she broke off as the pieces fit together. “You never had to pee at all!”

“No.” Natalya looked painfully embarrassed. “When I saw how much you drank before we left base, I knew you were going to be in trouble. But I knew that if you thought I had to go worse than you did, you wouldn’t want to get up first. But, honestly—I didn’t think you were going to hold it all the way to the end!”

Lilya shook her head, dumbfounded and angry. “But why? Why do this to me? Because you didn’t want to keep watch? We all have to take our turns, you know that!”

“No, it wasn’t that.” Natalya hesitated. “It’s stupid.”

“Tell me!”

“I guess… I guess I was jealous.”

Lilya’s confusion only deepened. “Of what?” A strange thought came to her. “Of Eva?”

“No, no! You see… I never said it. But, there was part of me that always assumed that I would be an officer someday. I don’t know why—I suppose I thought I was just better. That I would outshine all of you based on my natural merit.

“That’s what happens when you live a privileged life. You’re given so much—so many opportunities that others would kill for—that you have to think of a way to justify it all. It you don’t think you’re special, then you have to admit you don’t deserve the life you live.

“But there isn’t room for any of that when you’re fighting a war. Out here…I’m just another girl. It turns out, I’m not special at all. I’m not a great flyer, I’m not a great leader. I’m not like you.” Lilya had never seen Natalya cry before, but she seemed close to tears.

Lilya felt her anger melt away. She embraced Natalya tightly. “You are special, Natalya. You’re beautiful and smart, and you hold us all together. You will be a great officer some day. And best of all, you’re a good friend.”

Natalya sniffed. “How can you say that, after what I did to you?”

“That was my fault for being stubborn. Don’t be so dramatic.”

Back at base, there was little to do. Andrei mentioned that the ground crew thought they had picked up a German short-range radio, but had been unable to make out any conversation. They would have someone listening to the radio through the night, he promised.

After a few games of cards, the squadron retired early, leaving Lilya alone with her thoughts. Inevitably, her mind drifted back to her accident with Natalya. The longer she thought about it, the more erotic the incident seemed. Standing naked in the snow, she had been completely at Natalya’s mercy, she reflected. Natalya could have done whatever she wanted to her… it was enough to send a shiver down her spine. Why did her fantasies always seem to involve being humiliated? Not a very appropriate trait for an officer, she thought glumly. It was some time before she fell asleep.

