White Lily, Black Rose - Page 2

Author: Black_Ailerons

*010*2024-06-14 04:18

//// October 31, 1941, 2 AM

“Lilya, wake up!”

“What?” Lilya muttered drowsily as she opened her eyes. Eva was standing over her, shaking her awake. The barracks was still dark. “Are we under attack?”

“Efréĭtor Litvyak!” Lilya started at the male voice. She turned and saw a young man who she recognized as a member of Esfir’s ground crew. She quickly scrambled out of bed in her nightgown. By protocol, members of the ground crew weren’t permitted to enter the pilots’ barracks—something serious had obviously happened. “What is it, Kazimir?” she asked, remembering the boy’s name.

Kazimir looked nervous, but excited. “Please come to the ground crew barracks as quickly as you can. We’ve picked up a German radio message!”

Lilya’s heart pounded. She strode into the mess hall; the other girls were already beginning to stir. “Get up, you maggots!” She laughed with excitement. “I’ll see you in the ground crew barracks in five minutes!”

////

“About an hour ago, we heard something on the radio,” Andrei said. The ground crew barracks was laid out similarly to the pilots’, but significantly larger, and a bit less tidy. The mess hall table was large enough to seat the entire ground grew, and they were all gathered around it now, along with the five pilots. Andrei stood at the head of the table. Laying in front of him was a single sheet of paper.

“It was a conversation between two German soldiers. It was on a frequency range that we monitor regularly, so either the Germans were passing through, or we just got lucky on a clear night.” Sergei pushed the paper towards Lilya. “Kazimir was listening to the radio at the time, but he doesn’t speak German, so he called for Pavel as soon as he heard them talking.” Sergei nodded to a heavyset member of Natalya’s team. “This is what Pavel transcribed.”

Lilya scrutinized the paper. The writing was scrawled in pencil, and was barely legible.

- …”food is shit”

- “You’re telling me. The … hasn’t had resupply for a week now. We’re running low on food, gasoline, artillery, everything. With more shells we could push back these … we’re only firing a tenth of what we want to.”

- “We are running low here too.”

- “It’s a joke. We radio Luga every day, but they won’t send us the ammunition we need. They don’t want thirty-nine to succeed. It’s just politics.”

- “That’s the truth! Have you heard about…”

Lilya looked up from the paper, her heart pounding. “Is this it?”

“The conversation went on for a bit longer, but it was just the Germans complaining about various officers and units,” Pavel explained. “Eventually, the signal cut out. We are still listening to that frequency, but nothing further has come through.”

“I see.” Lilya returned to the paper. “Luga… I haven’t heard of it.”

“I already found it,” Sergei chimed in, setting a map on the table. “Look here. It’s a town in Leningrad Oblast. About a hundred kilometers to the west.”

“Interesting. For it to be so well-known to the Germans, it must be a substantial ammunition store.”

Natalya spoke up. “What are you thinking, Lilya? Could we really attack it?”

“It would be dangerous,” Lilya said. “But a single bomb in the right place could wipe out the whole depot.”

“Probably true,” Sergei agreed. “If the Germans’ warehouses are anything like ours, a lit cigarette could probably set the whole thing off.”

“That isn’t the problem,” Esfir interjected. She pointed at the paper. “Even if this is right, and there is a huge cache in Luga, and even if we somehow flew there without being intercepted—then what? We don’t know what buildings to hit, and we can’t level the town with fifty-kilogram bombs. And besides, you can be damn sure they will have air defenses. Flak will blow us out of the air before we even get on target.”

Lilya slowly shook her head. “Not if we fly at night.” An idea was starting to form in her mind.

“At night!” Natalya exclaimed. “Are you crazy? We would be lucky to hit the right raion flying blind.” She looked at Lilya with concern. “Why are you smiling? Have you finally snapped?”

“I snapped a while back, thank you. But hear me out—I have an idea.”

//// October 31, 1941, 3 PM

“You should get some sleep.”

Lilya looked up from Katya’s desk in surprise. “Eva!”

“You should get some sleep,” Eva repeated. Her eyes were red, and her hands were clenched to the front of her dress. “I know it isn’t late yet, but you have a long night ahead of you.”

After a few hours of rest the night before, it had been a frantic day of preparations at Bukhta airbase. If the weather held—and it was looking like it would—the operation on Luga would begin at nightfall. Lilya had spent the afternoon running over the plan again and again; studying maps, calculating distances, estimating travel times. After a certain point, it was useless—there were simply too many unknowns to get everything perfect. Success, she knew, would come down to instinct and blind luck.

“You’re right,” Lilya admitted, “but I don’t think I could rest if I tried. My head just keeps spinning and spinning.”

“Mine too.” Eva stepped closer. Lilya could see her trembling. “Lilya—please don’t go.”

Lilya felt her stomach twist. “We all agreed it made sense.”

“Send me instead!”

“You know I can’t do that. I’m the better choice.”

Eva drew closer still. She was wearing perfume, Lilya noticed with surprise. Her hair looked sleek and glossy, falling smoothly down her back. “I don’t want to lose you,” Eva whispered. With a slender hand, she reached out and touched Lilya’s face.

Before she could stop herself, Lilya wrapped her arms around Eva’s waist, pulling her close. “I’ll come back; I promise. I don’t know how, and I don’t know when, but I promise you, I will.” She could feel heat rising in her body; it had been weeks since they’d been this close, and she hadn’t realized how starved she’d been for Eva’s touch.

She stood up, looking at Eva eye to eye. “I don’t want to be a hero. I just want you.” And then she kissed her.

Eva melted instantly, her lips parting, her body intertwining with Lilya’s. Lilya responded by holding her tighter, pressing Eva’s slight breasts against her own. She felt Eva’s nipples harden through the fabric of her dress. “I want you,” she repeated in Eva’s ear, eliciting a whimper of need from her friend. Lilya’s heart was pounding, but unlike their first time together, she felt more excited than nervous. Kissing her all the while, she untied the bow on the top of Eva’s dress. She wasn’t sure Eva even noticed; her tongue was pressing into Lilya’s mouth with a very un-ladylike desperation. 

Lilya pulled the dress forward over Eva’s arms and let it fall to the ground around her feet, leaving Eva—to Lilya’s astonishment—completely nude. Eva looked startled, but made no effort to cover herself. She planned this from the beginning! Lilya’s confidence grew further. She took a small, hard nipple in her mouth and sucked on it gently. Eva moaned. “Ah! We shouldn’t! I didn’t mean to—ah! But don’t stop…” Obligingly, Lilya swirled her tongue, then nibbled gently on the exposed, sensitive flesh. Slowly, teasingly, she ran a hand down Eva’s stomach, over her navel, and towards her waist. By the time her hand reached Eva’s sex, her legs were already spread apart invitingly. Eva gasped as Lilya stroked a finger downwards between her lips. Eva’s pussy was already slick to the touch, and Lilya decided to tease her further by cupping her pussy and grinding against her clit with her palm. Hot juices coated her fingers, threatening to drip onto the floor.

Meanwhile, Eva had managed to pull off Lilya’s shirt, but was too distracted to do much more than run her hands across her back. Just as Lilya was about to slip a finger inside of her, however, she managed to reassert some of her composure. “Lay… lay down,” she breathed, her chest heaving.

Lilya didn’t need to be told twice. Stepping out of her trousers and underwear, she lay down on top of the covers of Katya’s bed. A few seconds later, Eva was between her legs, kneeling over her. Her perfect hair was disheveled, and her flawless skin was flushed and perspiring, but Lilya had never seen anything so mesmerizing. Her pussy throbbed, and Lilya was unable to stop herself from reaching between her legs. Eva grabbed her wrist before she could touch herself, however, and Lilya moaned with frustration. Eva bent down, and very gently kissed the inside of Lilya’s thigh, just above the knee. Then the other leg—a bit higher up. Then again, this time just inches away from her sex. Lilya’s breath caught as she realized what Eva was about to do. Eva was so very close now; she could feel her breath against her pussy. “Please!” Lilya moaned. But then, Eva sat up, and looked her in the eyes.

“Do you want me, Lilya?”

“Yes! God yes, I want you.”

“How much?”

“More than anything!”

Lilya was alarmed to see tears starting to well in Eva’s eyes.

“Then you can have me,” Eva said. “And you know how badly I want you in return. But first, you have to do one thing.”

“Anything!”

A tear ran down Eva’s face. “You have to come back.”

Eva’s words hit her like a lead weight. There was part of her that wanted to be angry—angry that Eva had led her on the way she had; angry that circumstance was keeping them apart. But the feeling of sadness was stronger. It was one thing for Lilya to come to terms with her own death. But the thought of the anguish it would cause Eva was almost too much to bear. I can’t let that happen. I won’t! Eva laid down on top of her, her slim body shaking as she cried, and Lilya embraced her. The heat of the moment had faded, but she still felt a deep closeness to her friend. “I promise I’ll come back,” she murmured. “I promise.” She stroked Eva’s long brown hair as her sobs slowly subsided.

“I’m s-sorry,” Eva said shakily. “But I couldn’t do it. It felt too much like saying goodbye.”

“I understand,” Lilya said, and she meant it. “You’ll wait for me to come back, won’t you?”

“As long as it takes.”

//// October 31, 1941, 9 PM

Lilya and Kaede flew through the night, crammed together in the cockpit of Kaede’s plane. Kaede could barely see at all with Lilya in her lap, but they had somehow taken off without disaster. Thankfully, this part of the mission didn’t require precise flying.

Lilya looked down at the compass. “Left a few degrees!” She relayed to her pilot, shouting despite their proximity. “Almost there!”

A few minutes later, Lilya spotted a patch of lights near the horizon. It was impossible to tell if it was Luga, but it was where they expected the town to be. It would have to do—if they flew any closer, they risked detection. Her stomach dropped. She tapped Kaede on the knee. “Now!” she shouted.

She felt the Sakhalin girl’s chest heave. Then, Kaede cut the plane’s throttle and pulled up sharply.

The Yakovlev started to slow down immediately as it plowed almost straight upwards, and Lilya felt weightless. This is insane, she thought as she looked up at the stars. This is insane. She turned her attention to the indicated airspeed dial.

The engine groaned as the propellor slowed—the aircraft was about to stall. There was no time to overthink it—if she hesitated, she would lose her nerve. She opened the canopy, and threw herself out of the plane. She heard Kaede shout something, but couldn’t make out the words.

Shoom! The tail section of the plane zipped past her head, missing her by inches. Lilya was in freefall now, hurtling towards the ground. Panic threatened to overwhelm her as she reached for the strap that would deploy her parachute. She was tumbling out of control—one thing she hadn’t counted on was how hard it was to move when you were falling so quickly. Try as she might, she couldn’t seem to grab hold of the strap! The wind roared past her ears. First things first, she thought, I have to control my fall. She raised her arms and arched her back, so that she pointed like an arrow towards the ground. The position helped; although she was still falling with terrifying speed, she was no longer spinning. The ground was still distant, but the lights of civilization had already vanished behind the horizon. All she could see below was forest, dark and menacing in the faint moonlight. At last, she got ahold of the strap and pulled as hard as she could.

For a terrifying second, nothing happened. She could feel something fluttering behind her, like a flag caught in the wind, but she was falling as quickly as ever.

Then, with a snap, the parachute opened, yanking hard against Lilya’s chest. Lilya sagged with relief as her descent slowed.

The wind subsided, leaving behind an uncanny silence. Lilya drifted down through the air like a ship at sea, at the mercy of invisible currents. She could hear nothing but the flapping of the parachute, the pounding of blood in her ears, and—could it be?—the fading sound of Kaede’s engine.

After a minute, she turned her attention back to the ground. It was much closer now; she could make out the skeletal frames of bare branches caked in snow. She had felt almost motionless before, but with the ground as a reference she realized she was falling more quickly than she would have liked. The trees were getting larger at an alarming pace. This is going to hurt, she realized at the last second.

She crashed through the canopy of the forest, covering her face as branches battered her from all sides. She took a hard blow to the abdomen as a large branch broke under her weight. Then she felt a sharp yank from her parachute, and her descent stopped abruptly. The parachute had gotten tangled, leaving her hanging in the air.

Well, it could be worse, she thought. She was stuck seven or eight meters in the air. Her ribs and arms hurt, but nothing seemed to be broken. In addition, the satchel she had strapped under her coat across her stomach was still intact. The ground below her was covered in snow, although it was impossible to tell how thick it was. She pulled out her pocketknife and got to work cutting the straps across her waist and chest. As she slipped out from the harness, she dangled from her hands, then let go.

Lilya tried to roll when she landed, but the snow was too deep. She sank in past her knees, and collapsed into the snowdrift with relief. She allowed herself a moment to catch her breath and let the pounding in her chest subside.

As the adrenaline wore off, she realized two things: her whole body ached, and it was cold. She was dressed warmly, but there was only so much one could do against the Russian winter. She took out her compass and flashlight. Luga lay to the west—fifteen kilometers, give or take. It would be brutal going through the forest; the sooner she came across a road, the better. She wracked her memory, trying to recall if she had seen any gaps in the trees on the way down. I should have been paying better attention! But it’s too late for that now. With a sigh of resignation, she slung her satchel over her shoulder and set off westward.

As she feared, her progress through the wilderness was painfully slow. Even with her flashlight, it was easy to miss a tree root or trailing vine in the snow, and it took constant focus to avoid falling. In a way, though, she was grateful for challenge. It kept her mind from drifting towards what lay ahead. Jumping out of a plane and hiking all night through the Russian winter was the easy part of the mission.

She had until tomorrow at midnight—just over twenty-four hours. That’s when the remainder of the squadron, led by Natalya in Lilya’s absence, would reach Luga, loaded with two 100-kilogram bombs apiece. To guide their munitions, they would look for the flares currently packed inside of her satchel. Somehow, Lilya had to mark the ammunition depot at just the right time without being detected. The logistics were daunting—for now, it was best to simply put one foot in front of the other.

Lilya kept up a slow, steady pace for hours through the forest. Even with a compass, she sometimes had to work north or south to avoid ridges and frozen streams, slowing her progress. It reminded her of the patrols she had made around the airbase after they had been overrun—except that back at base, she’d never had to venture out alone. Now, there was nobody to break the solitude; just the dry squeak of powder underfoot, the crack of breaking branches, and her own breath. Again and again, her thoughts returned to Eva. What she wouldn’t give, to have spent one night with her! What had she been thinking to volunteer for a suicide mission? I thought you didn’t want to be a hero, Lilya? Then what the fuck are you doing out here? The longer she walked, and the colder she became, the more she regretted her decision. She thought of how warm Eva’s body had felt, skin pressing against skin—

She slipped on a patch of ice, banging her knee and falling hard to the ground. She sprang back up with a curse. “Well, it’s too late now to change your mind!” She shouted angrily. “You volunteered for your friends, and you’re going to make it back for your friends too.” She set off again, pushing her pace as much as she dared.

She managed another hour before she started to flag. Her breath was becoming ragged, her legs and feet ached terribly, and despite her exertion the cold was setting in deeper and deeper. Her fingers and toes had been numb for some time, but what really worried her was the chill deep inside her abdomen. She had been in colder weather once or twice, but never for so long. Something seemed to be leaching away her energy, making it hard for her to think clearly. She was so very tired… she wanted desperately to lay down and rest. An alarm bell chimed in her mind—she was in danger of freezing to death.

She stopped hiking, and opened up her satchel. She had only packed two meals’ worth of food in the interest of traveling light, but now she wished she’d brought more. Looking at the dried meat and freshly baked bread, her stomach growled—she hadn’t realized how hungry she’d been. Deciding she would worry about finding more food later, she tore into her provisions voraciously.

As she ate, she felt her body slowly begin to wake up. She still felt cold—in a way, she felt the cold even more acutely—but the frightening exhaustion and cloudiness had receded. She checked her pack. She’d eaten far more than she’d meant to; she was down to a couple strips of dried meat and a small flask of water that looked like it was frozen solid. I couldn’t have saved it for later if I was dead, she reasoned, and resumed her trek.

The kilometers wore on. She checked her pocket watch—to her surprise, it had only been about three hours since she had touched down. Depending on how much ground she’d covered, Luga might still be hours away. If I find it at all. At this point, reaching the town was just as much about her own survival as the success of the mission.

Left, right, left, right… Lilya became more exhausted with every pace. Despite being in constant motion, she felt her eyelids becoming heavy. No—I can’t sleep out here! She was sure that if she fell asleep in this bitter cold, she would never wake up. She forced herself to keep stumbling forward through the field—

Wait! A field? She looked around with her flashlight. The trees had given way abruptly to a wide clearing. The ground was still blanketed with snow, but she knew what tilled earth felt like underfoot. And up ahead—was that a building? She broke into a jog, ignoring her aching legs.

It was a barn, she realized when she got close. The snow had been cleared from around the door, meaning it wasn’t abandoned. The farmhouse was likely nearby, but she didn’t want to risk waking up strangers in the middle of the night. Instead, she tried the barn door, and sighed with relief when it creaked open. She stepped inside, closing the door behind her, and was greeted by two rather gaunt-looking horses and a single large pig sleeping in a nest of straw. The air was barely above freezing, but to Lilya it felt as warm as a sauna, carrying the nostalgic scent of straw and manure. Without hesitation, she laid down next to the slumbering sow and snuggled against it for warmth. Finding Luga could wait until morning—she needed rest. She closed her eyes and was asleep in seconds.

//// November 1, 1941, 7 AM

“Get up! Up!” Katya was shouting at Lilya—she had overslept, and was late reporting to the mess hall. She did her best to open her eyes, but she was so tired, and her blankets were so warm… Besides, there was something comforting about being reprimanded by Katya that she couldn’t quite place. She tried to drift back to sleep.

“Ouch!” A sharp pain in her side forced Lilya’s eyes open at last. She gasped in shock as she got her bearings. She was far away from the barracks, covered in straw, and an angry farmer’s wife was standing over her with a shovel. The middle-aged woman’s brow furrowed angrily beneath a worn headscarf, and she raised the shovel to jab Lilya again. Lilya raised her hands placatingly. “I’m sorry!” She staggered to her feet, grimacing as all the aches and pains of the night before returned. By the pale light outside, it was barely dawn—she had only slept for a few hours.

The woman scowled; shovel still raised. “What are you doing in my barn? You trying to steal the horses?” The two gaunt horses looked dourly at Lilya, as if their suspicions had been confirmed.

“I only went inside to get warm! I’m no thief. I wouldn’t have trespassed if I wasn’t desperate, I promise.”

“But why were you out at night?” The woman demanded. “I saw your footprints—you came from the forest! What on earth were you doing?”

Lilya hesitated, unsure of how much she could tell this stranger. “I am headed for Luga,” she said at last. “The village where I came from is no longer safe. My home is gone.

“I walked all day and into the night. I lost the road in the dark, but kept going. If I hadn’t found your farm, I probably would have frozen.”

The woman looked skeptical, but after a moment she shrugged and lowered her shovel at last. “There are no more safe places. Not since those German dogs arrived. Things are no better in Luga than where you came from. But follow me—you need to eat. It is bad luck to harm a guest, even a guest who was not invited.”

////

The food was good enough to make Lilya cry. It was simple fare, really—a bowl of vegetable soup with dumplings—but it reminded her of home. She tried to eat as slowly as she could, but still emptied her bowl in minutes. “Thank you, thank you” she told the farmer’s wife, who’s name she had learned was Anna. She offered the woman her compass as a sort of payment, but she waved her away. “Nonsense,” she grumbled as she refilled Lilya’s bowl. “But next time, just knock!”

As Lilya continued to eat, Anna began to talk. Her husband had been sent away to the front in the first months of the war, and apart from one letter during the summer, she had not heard from him since. Lilya’s stomach wrenched as she thought of her own mother. She must think I’m dead by now. Well, even if I could write to her, there’s no point in getting her hopes up.

“Since he left, I look after the farm by myself. For now, I can manage, since in winter I only have to keep the animals alive. But once spring comes and it’s time to plant, I don’t know what I’m going to do.” Her blue eyes glistened against her care-worn face.

“I’m sorry,” Lilya said simply. “I—I know what it’s like to lose people. I think we all do, by now. But we have to keep going.”

Anna seized her wrist, and fixed Lilya with an intense stare. “Why have you come here, Lilya? I’m no fool. I know there is more to your story than what you told me.”

Lilya shifted away uncomfortably. “It would be better for you not to be involved.”

Anna gripped her more tightly. “Are you a spy, then? Tell me!”

“No, I’m not a spy. Well, not really.” She decided that she could trust her host. Without revealing where she had come from, she summarized why she was headed to Luga. “I have until midnight to find the ammunition,” she explained, “and get a flare on top of the building it’s housed in, so my squadron can bomb it.” Said out loud, the plan sounded almost comical.

Anna did not laugh, but stared at Lilya curiously; almost pityingly. “And you have nobody to help you in Luga?”

“No.”

“Do I even have to say what will happen if the Germans catch you?”

“No, you don’t.”

Anna sighed. “Well, it isn’t for me to say what you do. Only, you seem like a nice girl, and I hate to see you throw away your life.

“I don’t know anything about ammunition. But I can tell you where the Germans have set up their base. We’re about two kilometers from Luga right now—it’s on the other side of the hill. There are some old grain warehouses on the far side of town, to the west. But the Germans have fenced the whole thing off. You won’t be able to get close without them seeing you.”

Lilya nodded in gratitude. “Thank you for the information. I’ll figure out something.”

“Pozhaluysta. And just remember—if you get caught, you never met me.”

“Of course.”

Lilya’s body ached in protest as she gathered up her kit and set out westward once more. It was still several hours until midday, but the clear bright sun took the edge off of the cold. The road to Luga was unpaved, but relatively well-kept. She made good time, and soon enough reached the crest of the long, low ridge Anna had described. The town was spread out in front of her.

Luga was not large enough to be a proper city; it was a few hundred buildings that were packed side by side in a rough circle, as if they were huddling together for warmth. Here and there, Lilya could see signs of life: a truck trundling slowly down a narrow road; a curl of smoke from a chimney; a few bundled-up figures braving the cold on foot.

The roads radiated out from a small town square. The square was occupied by several military vehicles emblazoned with white crosses. In the middle of the square a red flag was flying, bearing a swastika in a white circle. The sight made Lilya feel sick to her stomach.

But there—on the far side of town, she noticed something peculiar. There was a row of low, long buildings next to a cluster of white tents, surrounded by a high fence. Compared to Luga itself, this area was practically swarming with activity.

She lowered her gaze and walked into town.

Her heart was pounding as she approached two Germans guarding the road. One held his rifle across his waist, while the other smoked a cigarette. She mentally rehearsed an explanation for her visit, but the bored-looking soldiers did not interrogate her. They hardly even looked at her as she passed by.

Lilya felt small as she walked past grim, snow-covered buildings with shuttered windows. Many of them bore scars from the fighting, and some were destroyed completely. She had gone into town plenty of times growing up, but never to anywhere as large as Luga. The few people she saw on the streets kept their heads down as they hurried to their destinations. She had expected to face some questioning from the local people, but nobody seemed to want anything to do with her. It was probably for the best, she reflected. The less she interacted with people, the less she would be remembered. She pulled the hood of her coat down over her brow.

At last, she reached the far side of Luga. Her hopes sank when she got her first good look at the German base—it was better defended than she had hoped. The fence she had seen from afar was actually two barbed-wire fences that ran in parallel, each topped with coils of gleaming razor wire. Three long, low buildings—which must be the warehouses Anna had mentioned—were set several hundred meters back from the fence, with a heavily worn dirt road leading back towards town. Even as she watched, an empty truck trundled down from the warehouses, having clearly just unloaded its cargo. It approached a gate where the road intersected the perimeter fence. The guards swung the gate open for the truck, then closed it behind.

Lilya could only see about a third of the perimeter fence from where she stood, but what she could see did not encourage her. The fence would be extremely difficult to scale without equipment, of which she had none, and there was no chance of getting past the gate without the guards noticing. Even as she stood in the road, she was starting to draw their attention. She made a snap decision—she would come back after nightfall, when she could get a better look undetected. Before the soldiers could accost her, she departed down a side road.

It was not yet noon. With nowhere to go and nothing to do, she wandered back into town until she found an empty alleyway. The weather was still below freezing, but far warmer than it had been the night before. She sat down on a wooden crate, grateful to be off of her feet, and ate the remainder of her meager provisions. Then, she leaned back against the brick wall behind her and—despite everything—fell asleep.

She dozed fitfully for several hours, her exhaustion battling a growing apprehension as the sun moved westward. Eventually, she gave up on sleep, and turned instead to a listless pacing up and down the alley. She forced herself to wait until the last light of evening had left the sky. Then, she tucked her flares into her coat and discarded her pack. She blew out a deep breath, then started moving towards the German camp.

The gate she had been watching earlier was well defended and lit by overhead lights—there was no way to sneak in there. Instead, she tried circling around to the left, probing the fence for weak points. It was slow going in the dark. As she moved around the perimeter of the base, the buildings of the town gave way to snow-covered fields, offering little in the way of cover. Lilya was forced to rely on darkness to shield her.

She crept along as close to the fence as she dared. She was almost halfway around the base now, and her hopes were sinking. Although unmanned, the double fence was itself a daunting obstacle. She had found no weaknesses in it so far—no gaps on the bottom she could wriggle through, nor gaps in the razor wire on top. She shivered at the thought of trying to climb the fence—it would be a truly desperate last resort.

Then, she saw it: a second gate! This one was far smaller than the gate that opened towards Luga, and was on the opposite side of the base. Rather than allow access for vehicles, it looked to be made for foot traffic only. Surprisingly, it looked unguarded, although the night was so dark it was hard to tell for sure.

Even more surprisingly, this gate was open.

It seemed too good to be true: a back-door that led right into camp. Could the Germans really have been so lax? She wasn’t convinced, but a survey around the remaining side of the base confirmed there was no better option. She checked her pocket-watch: it was still three hours until midnight. As carefully as she could, she backed away and waited.

At 11:45, the gate was still open. Excitement and dread twisted her stomach. It was time to move, but her legs were frozen in place. Her instincts were rebelling against her; trying to get her to run away from the snow-covered fence.

With all of her willpower, she stood up from her hiding place. She took a single step towards the gate. Then another.

Her heart was beating so loud she could hear it. Adrenaline was pouring through her body—telling her to run, scream, anything—but she knew she had to stay calm. She passed through the outer fence. A few more paces, and she would be inside the camp.

All was quiet except for her own footsteps, which were painfully loud as she crunched through a mixture of snow and ice. The dark outlines of buildings and tents were visible ahead, but there was no sign of movement. The inner fence loomed up on either side like the razor-sharp jaws of a terrible beast as she shuffled forward...

“Stop there!” A harsh voice rang out through the silence, and a German soldier stepped out of the shadows. He walked towards her, aiming his rifle at her chest. A second soldier followed behind, holding a gas lantern, a cigarette still in his mouth. The guards had been watching the gate all along, out of sight, and she had walked right into their trap.

Lilya froze at the threshold of the camp, paralyzed with fear. The shock of being discovered had wiped her mind completely clean. She made no attempt to run away; there was no point. She had lost. She had gambled, and she had lost, and now she was going to die. She closed her eyes.

And yet, the German guard did not fire. His rifle was still pointed at her, but he seemed more curious than angry. Certainly, he didn’t see her as a threat. “What are you doing?” he demanded in heavily accented but passable Russian.

Think, Lilya, think! How had she failed to create a cover story? “Please! I only came here for food!” She stammered. “In the town, there is nothing to eat. I have nowhere else to go.”

To her great surprise, the soldier snorted in amusement, then turned to say something in German to his companion, who laughed. He slung his rifle over his back, took the lantern from the other soldier, then grabbed her arm. She made no effort to resist as he began to lead her into camp. The second soldier returned to his post, but her captor was heading in a different direction, towards the rows of tents. Was she going to be interrogated? She frantically started to cobble together a believable back-story.

When the soldier finally pushed her into a tent, however, there was nobody inside. For a brief moment, she was relieved. Then, when he walked into the tent behind her and closed the flap, she finally understood.

“You are not the first,” he said cheerfully in his grating Russian, “but you are the prettiest.” The lantern cast wild shadows against the tent canvas as he set it on the ground.

Lilya didn’t know what to do. What could she say that wouldn’t make things worse? That she wasn’t a prostitute? That this was all just a misunderstanding? It would be better to die than to do this, she thought, but she knew that wasn’t true. There were four Yakovlevs flying towards Luga right now, and her squadron was counting on her.

With shaking hands, she unbuttoned her coat, and cast it to the ground.

The German soldier smiled, clearly trying to put her at ease. “It is not so bad, yes? Here, take this now.” He reached into his pocket and handed her several Soviet banknotes. “I am not a thief.” She took the money wordlessly.

Then his arms were around her as he pushed her to the ground. His body was heavy on top of hers, making it hard to breathe. Frantically, she tried to push him away, but he seemed not to notice. With one hand, he reached down to unbutton his pants.

Then, Lilya remembered—her knife! It was still in her coat pocket, somewhere off to her right. She reached out, fumbling blindly through the layers of fabric. The soldier extricated himself just as her fingers wrapped around the cold steel of the handle.

Before he could move, she flicked the knife open one-handed and cut his throat like a pig.

To her great relief, he died quickly and soundlessly. She heaved his body off of her and wiped the blood out of her eyes. Don’t think about it. Don’t think about it. She took out her pocket-watch and held it up to the lamp-light, but her hands were shaking too badly to read it. The scent of blood was heavy in the air. Don’t think about it. You have to keep moving. She tried again, and was able to make out the time. 11:55! How could that be? The shock was enough to clear her head. In just five minutes, the squadron would be here. It was time to throw caution to the winds. She pulled on the German soldier’s coat, jammed her hair under her cap, and stepped briskly out of the tent.

She made her way straight for the warehouses, walking past row after row of dark tents as she did so. Despite her nerves, she tried to carry herself with the bored indifference of a soldier making his rounds.

“Tag!” A gruff voice called as she walked past, nearly making her jump. She kept her eyes forward and kept walking, maintaining an even pace.

Somehow, she passed through the tents undiscovered. The warehouses were now dead ahead, no more than fifty meters away. They looked bigger than they had from outside the camp. To her dismay, there were guards posted in front of each of the three buildings. Floodlights mounted on the warehouses covered the ground behind the guards and Lilya. She shrunk back into the shadows.

It was too far a distance to throw the flares. She would have to get closer—but there was no time! The squadron would be arriving at any minute. She pulled out the matches from her coat pocket and lit two flares. They hissed and crackled, throwing off red sparks. The flares, designed to locate downed pilots, were dazzlingly bright. There was no hope of secrecy now.

“I’m sorry, Eva.” she whispered. “I did my best, I really did.” With a flare in each hand, she broke cover and sprinted towards the warehouses.

The guards reacted in bewilderment as Lilya ran towards them. “Hilfe, hilfe!” she shouted—one of the few words she knew in German. Several of them shouted back at her at once, their words drowning each other out. That was just as well, because she couldn’t have understood them anyways. “Hilfe!” She shouted again, then hurled a flare as hard as she could towards one of the warehouses. As the guards turned to watch the flare arc to the roof, she took the opportunity to throw her second flare to the roof of a different warehouse. Then, she ran with all her might.

It took just a few seconds for the soldiers’ voices to turn from confusion to anger. Then, she heard a sharp crack, followed by several more. A shot hissed past her ear, and she ducked reflexively. The tents were twenty meters away—could she possibly make it?

A bullet hit her in the leg, ripping straight through the flesh of her thigh and exiting on the other side. The pain burned white-hot, but she kept running. The shouts behind her were getting closer, but the firing had stopped—the guards were unwilling to risk hitting the tents.

Lilya darted left behind the first row of tents, then immediately changed directions and went right. She moved in a zigzag pattern through the tents, trying to stay out of sight of her pursuers. The voices behind her were spreading out; beams of flashlights swung wildly. She could feel blood running down her leg. She kept weaving through the tents, one palm jammed against her thigh to try to slow the bleeding.

When she saw flashlights in front of her, she knew it was over. She was hemmed in. There was no way out.

She stood there panting as the guards worked their way towards her. Her breath blew out in hot plumes that hung in the frigid air. She would not surrender, or beg for mercy. The flashlights were very close now; just a few rows away. She drew her knife and gripped it tightly.

It was not such a bad place to die, she told herself. She was in her homeland, underneath the sky. It was a clear night with no wind—perfect for flying. She looked up at the stars, taking comfort in their permanence.

Then, a dazzling beam of light shot up from the German camp and pierced the sky. It swept one way, then another, as it scoured the eastern horizon. A second beam joined in, and then a third. The three lights twisted and swayed like tree branches in a storm as they looked for targets. The German searchlights were on!

It could mean only one thing. Sure enough, swelling over the commotion on the ground, Lilya could hear the roar of aircraft engines growing louder by the second. The squadron had arrived.

The camp erupted into chaos as the alarm was raised. Sirens blared from every direction, and lights began to flick on inside of the tents. Already, soldiers were stumbling out into the cold, rifles in hand as they tried to figure out if they were under attack. Lilya shoved her way into the throng, keeping her head down. The shouts of her pursuers could no longer be heard.

The darkness served the squadron well. Lilya never saw the first Yakovlev to make its attack, but she heard it as it dove towards the warehouses, where the flares were still burning. A few seconds later, Lilya felt the shockwave of a 100-kilogram bomb, and the plane screamed away.

The pandemonium on the ground intensified. Everywhere, sergeants were barking orders, trying to organize their men. A couple anti-aircraft guns were firing now, pumping tracers into the sky. A second plane made its dive run, followed by another bone-jarring explosion.

Lilya ran towards the back-gate. A couple of soldiers were standing near it, but their gaze was skyward as a third plane made its approach. The heavy pounding of the anti-aircraft machineguns was punctuated with the crack of rifles, but the Germans were firing blind. Lilya sprinted through the open gate.

Then, the world exploded.

Her first impression was of heat on the back of her neck, as if an oven had just been opened behind her. Then a split second later the shockwave hit—a deafening BOOM that threw her to the ground. And then—silence.

Her hearing slowly faded back in. She could still hear explosions—some small, some larger. They were going off continuously, like firecrackers. She pulled her aching body upright and looked back at the base.

One of the warehouses was burning furiously, with black smoke billowing out of every window. The warehouse next to it was completely demolished. Even as she watched, fresh explosions erupted from the ruins as more ammunition detonated.

We did it! Despite the pain she was in, Lilya whooped with joy. And who knows? I might just survive. For the first time, her struggles finally seemed worth it. She knew that the destruction of a few warehouses wouldn’t be enough to stop the German war machine. But, Lilya and her comrades could hold their heads high knowing that they had done their part. She limped a safe distance from the base, then bandaged her leg as best she could in the dark. It looked like she had gotten lucky; the bullet had missed the bone and artery. That was good—she had ground to cover before sunup.

//// November 2, 1941

Anna woke up early. She hadn’t slept well; for the first time in weeks, she had heard explosions during the night. She wondered if had anything to do with that girl, Lilya, and her suicide mission. She sighed. That was how it went in war; the heroes died first. When it was all done with, would anyone remain but the cowards?

It had been a cold night, and the sun was still below the horizon. The farmer’s wife dressed quickly, then went to start the fire.

A few minutes later, Anna was sitting in front of the hearth, letting the heat from her teacup warm her hands as she tried to muster the strength to go outside and check on her animals. Every day, it got a little harder. Her thoughts drifted back to Lilya. The girl had been an idealistic fool, it was true. But even so, she envied her sense of purpose.

Enough nonsense, she told herself. The animals needed to be looked after.

With a groan, she pushed herself to her feet. She pulled on her coat, and walked out to the barn.

Samson and Zvezda, her two horses, greeted her with their usual fatalistic lack of enthusiasm. She led them out of the barn so they could graze in the snow. She then turned her attention to her pig, who she refused to name. It was silly, but growing up her father had never let her name the pigs, since sooner or later they would be slaughtered. She and Vsevolod had carried on the tradition. She felt a weak lurch in her stomach at the thought of her husband.

“Come on, pig,” she called tiredly. “Time for some new straw.”

By the time she was done with the livestock, it had started to snow, and she had to brush powder off her shoulders before stepping back inside. She would have to slaughter the pig before too long, she thought glumly. It was a shame; despite herself, she was starting to like her.

Then, she heard a knock at the door.

She froze, panic jolting her fully awake for the first time all day. Who would be paying her a visit unannounced? It was no welcome guest, that was for certain. Her first thought was the Germans—they had come to question her once before—but she should have heard them driving up if that was the case. Her heart sank as she thought of Lilya. Had she been captured? What had she told them?

The knock came again, louder this time. There was nothing for it. Keeping her face even, she opened the door.

Lilya was standing in the entrance way, pale as a sheet, leaning heavily on a stick she was using as an improvised crutch. Her leg was badly injured; the right side of her trousers was caked with dried blood below the thigh. Her hair was matted with blood as well, although Anna could not see any wounds on her head. She looked exhausted, but smiled as she saw Anna’s face.

“I know you said not to come back, but I didn’t have anywhere else to go. Do you think I can step inside and rest?”

Anna knew what she risked by letting Lilya inside. If she was found harboring a fugitive, her life was over. Even so, she did not hesitate. She rushed to Lilya and helped her through the doorway. The blonde-haired girl collapsed against her, clearly at the end of her strength. “Come and lay down, and let me look at your leg.”

As Anna tended to her charge, she marveled at Lilya’s resilience. The fact that she had walked through the night was astounding. “It went through your leg and didn’t hit anything vital—you’re very lucky!” She chided her, as if Lilya were a young child who had almost touched a stove. Lilya noticed her motherly tone and laughed weakly. “I didn’t get shot on purpose, you know! Ah, that hurts. Shit!”

“Don’t swear,” Anna said sternly. She cleaned the wound with alcohol and a boiled rag, then went to her bedroom and returned with a needle and thread. “I’m going to stitch the wound. This isn’t how the medics would do it, but it will help it heal. You’ll just have to pull out the stitches later. And then you have to rest, you understand?”

When Anna came back inside for the evening, her work complete, Lilya was still in bed. Anna made food for both of them—a hot vegetable broth with fresh bread. Lilya ate eagerly, which was a good sign. Unless she caught an infection, it looked like she would pull through. The color was already starting to return to her face.

After they had eaten, Lilya thanked her for the meal, but Anna could see that her mind was somewhere else. “What are you worrying about?” she asked.

Lilya sighed. “The other girls. I don’t know what happened to them. I’ve spent all this time worrying about surviving… Eva made me promise to come back. But what if she’s the one that didn’t make it?”

Anna took her hand gently. “I know how you feel. I have always been the one who was left behind. When my husband was sent away, I cried because of how helpless I felt. Because he was in danger, while I was safe. And then, when you left yesterday, I felt the same way. But you returned.

“I wish I could tell you that all of your friends are safe, and everything will end well, but I can’t. What I can say is, worrying doesn’t help.”

“I know, I know. I just wish there was something I could do.”

Anna laughed. “Don’t you realize that you’re on a farm? There’s nothing but things to do. As soon as you’re on the mend, you can start working off your debt.”

“You know… that sounds rather nice.”

Anna watched over Lilya as she drifted off to sleep.

On Christmas Day, 1941, Soviet troops advanced past Bukhta airbase. Despite been overrun for more than two months, the complex was never discovered by German forces.

//////////////

Tune in on Sunday for the EPILOGUE o7

*015*2024-06-17 04:32

Thank you all for the kind words! ❤️

//// January 29, 1942 (EPILOGUE)

“So,” said Esfir. “How do you feel? Nervous?”

“A little,” Lilya admitted. She sat up straight as Kaede pulled a comb through her hair. “But I’m ready. God, am I ready.”

Esfir gave a sly smile. “I can tell.” She glanced pointedly at Lilya’s chest. Lilya didn’t need to look to know that her nipples were pressing against the fabric of her dress.

“It’s been three months, Esfir! I just want to see her again!”

Earlier that day, Lilya had made her return to Bukhta. The Germans had withdrawn over a month ago, but it hadn’t been easy to secure passage. In the end, she had been forced to ride along with soldiers destined for the front line. When the road had taken its closest approach to the airbase, she had disembarked and covered the remaining ground on foot.

She had expected to cause an uproar when she arrived, and she hadn’t been disappointed. Everyone on base—pilots and ground crew alike—had rushed to embrace her. Lilya had been ecstatic to see that all her friends were safe, but she had eyes only for Eva. She watched as the slender girl pushed her way through the mob to wrap her in a tight hug. Lilya thought her heart would burst.

“I told you I would come back.”

Eva was laughing and crying at the same time. She said something Lilya could not hear.

Lilya turned to accept kisses on both cheeks from Natalya. When she looked back, Eva had gone.

After the hubbub had died down, and the girls were back inside the barracks, Natalya informed her that Eva had shut herself in Katya’s bedroom. Lilya was alarmed, but Natalya only smirked. “Don’t worry. She’s just… getting ready.”

And so, as Kaede and Esfir attended to her in the mess hall, she could not tear her gaze from the bedroom door, behind which she knew Eva was being seen to by Natalya. She tried to sit still as they polished her nails, smoothed her hair, and applied makeup to her face. She wished she had something nicer to wear than her simple blue dress, but it couldn’t be helped. “Don’t worry, it’s part of your appeal,” Esfir advised her when she brought it up. “I’m guessing you won’t be wearing it too much longer anyway!”

“Shut up,” Lilya muttered, her cheeks flushing, and Esfir raised her hands placatingly. “Relax, relax!” She stepped behind Lilya and began to rub her shoulders and neck.

Lilya took a deep breath. It was torture to be forced to wait like this—which was, of course, the point. She could feel her body respond to every gentle touch from Kaede and Esfir, the tension creeping higher and higher.

She started as the bedroom door cracked open and Natalya popped her head out. “Eva’s ready!” she exclaimed. “How are you doing out here?”

“I think we’re ready, too,” Esfir announced. Lilya felt her heart beat faster. She made to stand up, but Esfir pushed her back down. “Oh—I forgot.” She left the room, then re-entered a moment later brandishing a straightedge razor. “Hold her legs apart, Kaede,” she called. “We have one last thing to attend to.”

“You can’t be serious!”

Esfir laughed out loud—a rare treat that brought a smile to Lilya’s face. “Of course not.” Growing serious, she nodded towards the door. “Enjoy yourself. You deserve it.”

In the past three months, Lilya had spent untold hours thinking about this moment—the moment of reunion, when fantasy became reality. She had worried that nerves might get the better of her, preventing her arousal from taking off. But as she walked to the doorway, she didn’t feel nervous or afraid. She felt hungry, like a wild animal. She threw open the door and stepped inside.

Eva sat on the edge of the bed; legs together, straight-backed, hands clasped in her lap. Her dark brown hair fell down behind her in waves, shimmering in the soft lamp-light. Her skin practically glowed. Lilya had never seen her wear full makeup before, and the effect was dramatic; she (or perhaps Natalya) had applied shocking dark-red lipstick and charcoal eye-shadow, behind which her brown eyes smoldered. It was Eva at her most beautiful, and Lilya was entranced.

It took Lilya a moment to notice her dress: it was the same blue-and-gold affair that Eva had been wearing the first time they had met, riding together on the convoy. Memories of that fateful day flooded back to her, and she felt her body go hot. She locked the door, shutting them in together. “You look wonderful,” she heard herself say, and then she was on top of her, pressing Eva’s body into the mattress as she kissed her cheek.

“You kept me waiting,” Lilya breathed into her ear. She wasn’t angry, but it was worth it to feel Eva shiver beneath her. After being starved for touch for so long, the sensation of Eva’s body against hers was euphoric. She could feel Eva’s heart hammering against her own chest. “I’m sorry,” Eva replied breathlessly. “I just wanted to look my best for you!”

“I know,” Lilya reassured her. “I’ve never seen anyone so beautiful.”

“Really?!”

Rather than reply, Lilya kissed her on the mouth. Eva kissed her back eagerly, wrapping her slender arms around Lilya, holding her close. When Lilya finally pulled away, Eva was breathing hard and her lipstick was ruined, but she was beaming and her eyes were glistening. “I missed you!” She exclaimed. Lilya smiled happily, then pulled Eva up to a sitting position. With practiced hands she undid Eva’s black leather belt, then lifted up her dress by the hem. A moment later, Eva sat on the bed much as she had before, but now wearing nothing but black silk panties. 

Standing in front of her, Lilya ran her hands across Eva’s body, caressing her hair with one hand as she slipped the other down her navel towards her panties. Eva immediately spread her legs, desperate to be touched. The brunette girl whimpered as Lilya rubbed her gently over the fabric. The silk beneath her fingers was soaking wet with arousal, clinging to Eva’s sex. Lilya explored with her fingers, rubbing briefly against Eva’s swollen clit before turning her attention to the smooth-shaven folds of her labia. To tease Eva further, she pressed the tip of her middle finger inside of her through her panties, stretching the fabric tight.

The unique sensation was driving Eva into a frenzy. She had been doing her best to sit up straight and hold still as she submitted to Lilya’s touch, but now she squirmed and bucked her hips towards Lilya’s hand. “Oh… oh God! Please, Lilya!”

Lilya withdrew her hand, and pushed Eva backwards onto the bed. “Please what?”

“Please—please fuck me! Please make me come! I’m such a—such a slut for you, Lilya!”

Lilya had never heard Eva use language like that before, and it turned her on immensely. Without further delay, she ripped off Eva’s panties and slid two fingers inside of her. “Ah!” Eva arched her back as Lilya worked her fingers in and out steadily, curling them upwards to rub towards her stomach. Then, after a moment, she worked up the nerve to take her mouth to Eva’s pussy.

“Oh, Lilya!” She felt Eva’s delicate hands running through her hair as she tasted her with her tongue—more bitter than she had expected, yet irresistible all the same. She licked and sucked on Eva’s clit, fingering her at the same time. She didn’t quite know what she was doing, but Eva provided her plenty of vocal—if unintelligible—feedback to work with.

It wasn’t long before Eva’s moans took on a more frantic pitch. Lilya took her cue and increased her pace, thrusting her fingers in and out at double time. Eva’s legs tensed up, then her whole body shook as her moment came. “Mmmmph!” Eva gave a muffled cry and bucked her hips, dislodging Lilya from her position. Lilya looked up at her friend. Eva was flushed and panting, but looked positively radiant. There was a red half-circle on the inside of her forearm—she’d clearly bitten herself to stop from screaming.

“That was amazing!” She exclaimed, causing Lilya to smile with pride. “Now what are you waiting for—get your clothes off, efréĭtor.”

Lilya laughed nervously as she stripped down to her underwear, then removed those too. She shivered as Eva guided her gently onto the bed. Eva climbed between her legs and buried her head between her thighs. Lilya knew what was coming next. It was strange, she thought, how it was more nerve-wracking to receive pleasure than to give it. “Oh!” She exclaimed as she felt the heat of Eva’s tongue.

Eva took much the same approach as Lilya had, using a combination of her mouth and hands to service her. It was a pleasant sensation…but somehow, it didn’t feel as good as she expected. Lilya started to worry. Was Eva doing something wrong, or was it her? Would she even be able to come? Would she need to fake having an orgasm? How long did she have before Eva gave up and stopped?

Eva must have noticed something was wrong, because she looked up from her work and fixed Lilya with a half-exasperated, half-amused stare.

“Lilya.”

“Yes?”

“Relax. You’re stiff as a board.”

“I’m just—”

“You’ve got nothing to worry about. I love being able to pleasure you. I will stay here, your humble servant, all night if that’s what you desire. Just tell me what you want me to do, and enjoy it.”

Lilya smiled with embarrassment and relief. It was exactly what she’d needed to hear. She felt herself unwinding immediately. “Thank you, Eva.”

Eva returned her smile. She took a moment to massage Lilya’s legs, then ducked between them once more.

It was as if her eyes had been closed the whole time, and now her world was flooded with color. All of a sudden, every inch of her skin felt hyper sensitive. She could feel the coarse fabric of the bedsheets digging into her back; the warmth of Eva’s breath against her stomach. That was nothing, though, compared to heat radiating from her pussy as Eva continued her work. “Yes, yes,” she moaned. She wound her fingers through Eva’s silky hair, pressing her face against her. She felt the burning heat in her sex starting to spread through her abdomen—a sure sign that her climax was not far away. “Don’t stop!” Eva gave a mmph of consent, and increased her pace.

Then, there it was again—Lilya had to pee! It was an urgent sensation, and growing rapidly as her orgasm approached. She almost panicked and pushed Eva away, but Natalya’s words came back to her. “Don’t worry! You’re not going to wet yourself. Although it feels like you will when you come.” She’d better be right, Lilya thought.

“Ah! I’m coming!” she cried out. Her whole body convulsed, and a spurt of liquid sprayed out of her pussy, directly into Eva’s face. Her eyes rolled back as stars danced behind them. Pleasure flooded her body. Her pussy contracted several more times, although nothing more came out. Slowly, she came back down from the strongest orgasm of her life. When her vision returned, Eva was kneeling over her, looking confused but delighted. Lilya’s juices were still wet on her face. “I guess that makes us even!” Lilya blurted out. Eva cocked her head, then burst into laughter once she understood what Lilya had referred to. “I guess it does! Although, I dare say I had more fun than you did back on the convoy.”

“You might be surprised.” Lilya smiled, then noticed the way that Eva was crossing her arms. “You look cold! Here, get under the covers and get warm with me.”

////

Lilya didn’t know how many hours they laid there, snug under the bedsheets in each other’s arms. She felt perfectly at peace with Eva pressed against her—in fact, she had no intention of ever moving again. Her body had other ideas, unfortunately; she could feel the pressure building in her bladder. Her need was already moderate, well on its way to being acute, but she ignored the sensation. She would stay in bed with Eva as long as she could.

Eventually, Eva—who had fallen asleep almost immediately—stirred.

“Hi,” Lilya whispered, kissing her on the forehead. “Hi,” Eva replied sleepily, then frowned. She moved to extricate herself from Lilya’s arms. “Sorry, can you let me up? I really have to pee!”

“I do too,” Lilya admitted. Rather than let go, however, she pulled Eva tighter. As always, the thought of Eva being desperate turned her on, and the fullness in her own bladder only added to the excitement. “But I want us both to hold it.”

Eva laughed nervously. “Okay! But only because I know you like it.”

Eva settled back into bed with her back pressing against Lilya. Lilya was able to distract herself with the pleasant sensation of skin against skin, but Eva didn’t seem to be so lucky. Over the next half hour, she progressed from occasionally shifting with discomfort to a near-continuous fidgeting. At last, she gave in and rolled over to face Lilya. “All right, is that good enough for you? I really have to go!”

Gently, Lilya ran her hand over Eva’s abdomen – she could already feel a significant bulge.

“I can tell.” She pressed against Eva’s bladder, just firmly enough to make her gasp. “But I know I can keep holding for a while longer. Can’t you?”

Eva’s eyes widened. “I… I guess so. But, this isn’t really a fair game—you don’t have to pee as badly as I do!”

“Probably true,” Lilya admitted. Then, a thought came to her. “But what if I were to make things more interesting?” She climbed out of bed—wincing slightly—and picked up a large water jug sitting on the desk. It was almost full. “Suppose I drink this?”

Eva laughed. “Are you serious? That has to be at least two liters. You couldn’t even drink that, let alone hold it in your bladder.”

Lilya knew she might be right, but she didn’t back down. She stared Eva dead in the eyes. “Do we have a deal then?”

Eva stopped laughing. “All right. But if you really want to do this, instead of just letting me pee now, I hope you know that I’m not going to let you pee until you wet yourself right in front of me.”

Lilya felt the walls starting to close in. She looked down doubtfully at the water jug, which seemed heavier now than it had a minute ago. “Okay.”

Eva sighed, but the corner of her mouth quirked upwards. “Well, drink up. I can’t wait all day!”

////

I may have made a mistake.

It had been almost ten minutes since the holding contest had begun in earnest, and the water jug was still one-third full. Lilya’s need to pee was worsening, but her stomach was so swollen that she hardly noticed. Eva tsked impatiently. Both girls had gotten dressed again—partly to ward off the winter chill, partly to raise the stakes. They had both agreed to stay clothed until the contest was over—wetting oneself would come with the additional humiliation of having to walk past their friends in urine-soaked clothing on the way to the dressers. Eva sat on the edge of the bed with her usual ladylike poise, her eyes never leaving Lilya. “I’m sorry, I’m drinking it as quickly as I can!” Lilya protested. “My stomach is full – I just need a little more time.”

Eva shrugged reluctantly. “I guess you can wait a little while. Your bladder will fill up just the same.”

“Thank you!” Lilya put down the water jug and sank into the desk chair with a groan.

“But you do realize—you’re just delaying the inevitable. You might as well give in now and wet yourself, and save us both the trouble.”

“You’re talking to the wrong pilot, Eva.”

Eva’s stolid demeanor broke for a second as she smiled. “You’re right about that. Natalya tells me you cut your way through an entire Nazi camp with nothing but your pocketknife.”

“She exaggerates. I only had to fight a couple of dozen.” Lilya chuckled, then broke off immediately as her stomach twinged. “Do not make me laugh!”

Lilya spent the next ten minutes in a peculiar sort of flux. She could practically feel the huge volume of liquid in her stomach moving into her bladder. The swelling in her stomach receded, but her need to urinate grew even more quickly. She started to squirm with discomfort.

Eva, meanwhile, was motionless. She fixed Lilya with a gaze of polite amusement, as if she were listening to a dinner-party guest relate a mildly interesting anecdote. She showed no signs of needing to pee.

Even though Lilya knew it was an act, it was intimidating nonetheless. For the first time, she felt a plunge of fear in her stomach. She was already fidgeting, and it was only going to get worse—how could she possibly win?

She shook her head to clear away the negative thoughts. “You must have had a lot of practice, hiding your need to use the toilet,” she said to Eva—as much to bolster her own confidence as anything else.

Eva nodded while maintaining her posture. “Formal events were always something I had to be careful about. I could never leave the table without asking to be excused, and of course a lady of quality is always expected to maintain her composure. Over time, I just learned to ignore my discomfort and hold it.”

“But everyone has their limits—including you, as I well know,” Lilya said boldly. “Your dress is beautiful, but I remember it looking even better when it was soaked in your own piss.”

Eva’s cheeks turned pink. “You know, Lilya, I think it’s time you finished drinking your water.”

Lilya winced. “I guess I deserved that.” Reluctantly, she raised the water jug to her lips and downed its remaining contents.

Immediately, her suffering multiplied. There simply wasn’t room in her abdomen to accommodate her distended stomach and her swollen bladder. Her need to pee was ratcheting up at an alarming pace. She squeezed her legs together, and tried to focus on taking deep, slow, breaths. It will get better as your body absorbs the water, she told herself, but she didn’t believe it.

“So, be honest, Lilya,” Eva asked casually. “How much longer to you think you can hold it?”

“As long as it takes,” Lilya replied tersely.

“We both know that isn’t true.”

Five more minutes passed… then ten… then twenty. Or so Lilya guessed—it was getting hard to keep track. She paced back and forth across the room, trying to keep herself distracted from her expanding bladder. Eva hadn’t moved, and showed no signs of distress. The fullness in Lilya’s stomach was once again receding, but there was no respite from her growing need to pee. She had crossed the threshold from discomfort to desperation—under ordinary circumstances, she would have immediately stopped what she was doing and dashed to the bathroom. For that matter, she reflected, even if the toilet were occupied, she would be willing to pee in the shower, despite the humiliation. Her mind immediately latched onto the fantasy: the toilet was occupied, so she hurried to the showers—but they were in use as well! She had no option but to hike up her dress, expose her pussy and pee in front of Eva, Natalya and Kaede. They looked down at her contemptuously, water steaming off of their naked bodies…

As her mind drifted, she felt her need to urinate recede. It was the same strange phenomenon she had noticed before—it seemed that sexual arousal somehow blocked her need to pee. She sighed, leaned back against the desk, and relaxed her clenched leg and abdominal muscles as much as she dared. The discomfort in her bladder was still growing—but for now, she was safe.

There was a catch, of course: the trick only worked as long as she kept herself aroused. Over the next twenty minutes, the fullness of her bladder moved from discomfort to a steady, throbbing pain, and it became harder and harder to focus. She closed her eyes and ran through every erotic fantasy she could imagine, but the demands of her body were becoming impossible to ignore. She needed to pee. Judging by the bulge straining against her dress, she was holding at least as much urine as when she had wet herself in the woods with Natalya… and that had been the most extreme hold of her life. Her bladder was as hard as a rock, and it simply couldn’t swell any further.

She turned her attention to Eva. At first, she looked the same as she had for the last hour—a paragon of composure—but when Lilya studied her more closely, she saw the telltale signs that Eva was getting desperate as well. Although her legs were still uncrossed, she could see the golden fabric of her dress shifting as she repeatedly tensed the muscles of her legs and pelvis. Eva’s jaw seemed to be slightly clenched—and was that the subtle shimmer of perspiration she saw on her face?

She’s going to break soon—she has to! I just need a few more minutes! She jammed her hand between her legs, holding herself openly for the first time. Her arousal faded, and her desperation multiplied. The pressure against her urethra was building at an unsustainable pace—she was seconds away from wetting herself! She pushed the tip of her middle finger against the opening of her pee-hole, blocking the escape of her pent-up urine. Her vision watered as a stinging pain radiated from her crotch.

Eva was watching her every move. Lilya’s open display of desperation seemed to be having an effect on her own efforts to hold her bladder. She still hadn’t crossed her legs, but they were glued together and chafing against each other. At her waist, she was clenching the fabric of her dress with both hands, clearly using all of her willpower to keep from burying them between her legs. Her disinterested facade was crumbling—in her eyes, Lilya could see an anxiety that bordered on panic.

Lilya exhaled through clenched teeth. The pain of mechanically blocking her pee with her finger was becoming unbearable. The throbbing ache from her bladder had grown to a continuous burn. Her dress was stretched tight across her abdomen, and her bladder was so tender that it felt like it was being crushed beneath the straining fabric. Eva might only have a few minutes of endurance left in her, but Lilya knew that would be enough. Liters of water were still filtering into her tortured bladder, filling it at an accelerated rate. She simply couldn’t take anymore.

Unless…

The balancing act had collapsed; the extreme discomfort radiating from her bladder made it impossible to stay focused on sexual fantasy, thereby robbing her of her best defense against wetting herself. But what if she just masturbated anyways?

It was worth a shot. She shifted her hand that was pressed against her urethra and started to frantically rub her clit though her dress.

She started to leak almost immediately; a hot trickly of urine began to push past her exhausted holding muscles and into her panties. She felt dampness against her fingers as well—her dress had gotten wet where she was pressing it against her crotch. Desperately, she rubbed even faster. She could feel her urethra starting to seal shut, but a tiny rivulet of urine was still forcing its way out from her overfull bladder. Her panties were now completely soaked. To her alarm, she felt a bead of urine roll down the inside of her thigh. Based on the rules she and Eva had agreed to, just one drop of pee hitting the floor would mean defeat. Luckily, she managed to wipe it away before it got past her knee. Her hand schlicked wetly as she kept rubbing—her fingers were now glistening with her own piss.

With her free hand, she began to alternate between fondling her breasts and sharply pinching her nipples. Despite the agony she was in, she felt her nipples hardening—she was arousing her body against its will. Her need to pee was still there—acutely—but she had stopped leaking at last. Pain and pleasure wracked her body at the same time, and her breath came in short gasps. Her vision was blurry, though whether from tears or sensory overload she could not tell. It was unbearable, but somehow exquisite.

Eva was staring at her wide-eyed, her face pale. Lilya managed a smile. “Just—ah! Just a little trick I learned. I can hold all day like this.”

For poor Eva, it was finally too much. Her composure, which had slowly eroded over the past hour, broke all at once.

“No!” she wailed. She jammed both her hands into her crotch. She tried to stand up, but her legs did not support her, and she collapsed to her knees. With her hands constrained, she fell forward onto her chest. She looked up helplessly at Lilya; her hands between her legs, ass arched upwards. Lilya bit her lip.

“I can’t believe it,” Eva said in a hollow voice. She hadn’t started leaking just yet, but in that moment, Lilya knew it was over.

“There’s only one thing left to do,” Lilya replied, still rubbing her clit. Her voice sounded slurred and echoey in her own ears, as if she were speaking in a dream. “Wet yourself like the dirty slut you are.”

Eva moaned, and a second later Lilya heard a loud hiss. There was no leaking phase for Eva—she gave in all at once. Pee sprayed instantly through her silken panties, splattering onto the floor. More trickled down her legs, and still more soaked into the front of her beautiful dress. Due to her inverted pose, the wet patch on the front of her dress began to spread rapidly across her belly and towards her chest.

To Lilya’s surprise, Eva made no attempt to remove her hands from her crotch, even after her dam had burst. She was touching herself, Lilya realized. The puddle around her continued to grow, and Eva whimpered with relief and pleasure. The front of her dress wasalmost completely sodden—the wet patch had crept all the way up to the neckline. Now that the fabric was saturated, droplets of pee were beading on the outside of her dress and splattering on the floor. They gathered on the low points of Eva’s body before falling: in a line from her navel to her sternum, and especially in the space between her breasts.

Lilya watched it all in a sexual trance, somewhere on the outer reaches of consciousness. Her body was tingling as it often did before she orgasmed. She tried to come, but found it impossible, so she contented herself with staying on the edge as Eva emptied her bladder. The hissing jet of pee dwindled to a slow trickle, then ceased. Eva was kneeling face-down in a puddle nearly as large as she was, and the front of her body was almost completely soaked. Her hands, which were still between her legs, started to move faster. Her whole body tensed, then went limp.

By then, Lilya was at her absolute breaking point. The signals radiating from her body were too confusing for her to sort out, but she had started leaking again. She needed to pee, and she needed to pee now. She was still leaning against the desk, and standing upright seemed impossible; walking all the way to the bathrooms was out of the question. Instead, the grabbed the now-empty water jug, hiked up her dress and jammed it between her thighs. She had hardly pulled her panties to the side—not that there was much point, given how soaked they already were—before her stream of urine began to splatter loudly into the glass container.

At first, the release was excruciating. Lilya yelped in pain and tried to clamp down with her urethral muscles, but they did not respond. There was no stopping now. Her breath came in sobs as her stream grew into an explosive torrent—the pressure on her bladder had been tremendous. Slowly, the pain started to subside, and Lilya took a couple of deep breaths to steady herself. Her bladder and urethra still ached, but the sensation of relief was blissful.

By the time her flow of urine had finally dwindled to a trickle, the massive water jug was more than half full with light-golden liquid. Lilya tried to stop peeing by tensing her muscles as she normally would, but to her alarm she was still unable to. For another minute, she was forced hold her awkward pose, with urine slowly dripping from her pussy into the waiting jug. Finally, she managed to regain enough control over her body to stem the flow. Still, she felt like she might start wetting herself at any moment. It would be several days before her tortured pelvic muscles returned to their normal strength.

She set down the jug and looked up at Eva, who had composed herself slightly. She had not moved from the puddle of her shame, but she was kneeling upright and had brushed the hair out of her face. She looked shaken. Lilya felt a savage thrill of victory, tempered a moment later by compassion for her closest friend.

Eva broke the silence first. “Well done,” she said. “That was… not what I expected.”

“It took everything I had,” Lilya replied. “I’m proud you for holding on so long!”

Eva smiled. “I certainly tried my best. If not for your… special technique, things would have ended differently! Next time, I might have to tie your hands behind your back.”

Next time! Lilya smiled contentedly. Not caring about soiling her own dress, she knelt down and embraced Eva. “Thank you. For today—for everything. It means more than you know.”

Eva hugged her back. “I think I do know.” She stood up and laughed nervously. “It’s time to go back out, don’t you think? I want to change out of this dress!”

“Yes, let’s do it.” To take some of the attention away from of Eva, Lilya picked up the glass jug she had peed into. “Might as well empty this out now.” She went to open the door, then hesitated. They’d both known it would be deeply embarrassing to walk across the barracks to the bathrooms like this—that was part of what had made the holding contest so exciting. But now that the moment had come, Lilya struggled to find her nerve. It was one thing to wet yourself—you were trying not to let that happen. This was different. Maybe the other girls will be busy and won’t notice, she thought doubtfully. She reached for the doorknob, then hesitated again.

It was Eva that took the lead. She opened the door, then turned back and wrapped Lilya’s hand in her own. Her dress was sodden, her makeup ruined, her hair disheveled, but she was smiling her wild smile—the look of someone who has thrown themselves into the air, and realized they can fly.

“Come on, Lilya. Together.”

/////////////////////

And so it ends! I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. As I said at the beginning, this is the first real story I've *ever* written, and it was definitely a learning process for me. It's scarier than I realized to put yourself out there with something you put a lot of effort into, but it was also rewarding! Maybe I will post something again but it will definitely be a while before anything is ready haha.

Credit @frostyjr2

For inspiring me to write something, years ago.

*020*2024-08-04 14:55

{{17 hours ago, warham1995 said:

If you were to write more lesbian stories can you do one set in the roman republic?

}}

Ha, that's a fun idea, thanks for the suggestion. But I'm no history buff; it's pretty challenging for me to create historical settings that feel realistic. WW2 I know a fair bit about, the roman republic/empire much less so. Maybe I'll look into that some day cause it is a fun setting especially for something like omorashi, but for now I am kicking around some different ideas. Keep a weather eye out o7

*022*2024-08-14 00:18

{{On 8/4/2024 at 11:49 AM, warham1995 said:

Cool, also how are you doing?

}}

Pretty good, thanks! I bought a house in my hometown a few months back and I've been keeping busy working on it. I've been nursing a couple of lingering injuries, want to get better so I can go back to training martial arts but overall I can't complain : )

