Sam and me

Author: Bear789

*000*2018-08-01 10:07

This is a three part story that was meant to be a few episodes longer before writer's block hit me. I've been suggested to post it here and see if the comments of the community gave me any new idea to continue. Also, if you're a grammar nazi, by all means don't restrain yourself. English is not my first language, corrections are appriciated.

Anyway, part one:

I met Samantha (Sam for friends) in high school. You wouldn't call her a beauty: short, the face a tad too thin and long, the jaw and chin a bit too angular, skinny to a fault (despite seemingly having a black hole installed inside her stomach, if you had to guess by how much she eats), basically flat chested.

Her surly attitude and a seriously bad case of Bitchy Resting Face Syndrome didn't help making her popular, but it's one of those cases when actually there's plenty of sweetness and charm under a thick rough crust created by extreme shyness.

I was attending an art school; five years in total, at the end of the second year you had to choose a "specialization" path for the remaining three, which meant that at that point you basically ended up in an entirely new class, with new people. The first day of the third year I sat next to her because she was a somewhat familiar face. She was in another class during the previous two years so I never actually interacted with her, but I knew about her reputation and, being quite shy myself, I appreciated the idea of being paired with the quiet loner one for the first few days in the new class while I tried to gauge the new classmates at my own pace.

After a few days of mostly silence, during a lunch break, she started off by introducing herself as "the coarsest girl ever". I looked at her, neatly dressed, properly seated, a reasonable level of table manners, and couldn't help but laugh and point at another girl at the opposite side of the room, spreading on her chair, chewing loudly with her mouth open and being the epicentre of a small but violent dust storm of bread crumbs. Sam frowned and answered "You don't know me yet."

It turns out that her definition of "coarse" is cursing like a sailor and having a special brand of dry, inappropriate, cynic and deadpan sense of humour; when she saw that I'm not turned away by the first (I can't care less, in fact) and that I'm actually quite fond of the latter, she started to mellow.

It took almost a year to crack the outer shell and make her feel at ease with me, but when it happened, she became one of my best friends, and we're still in touch to this day.

Once you pierce through her armour, she goes from fully restrained and secretive to fully unrestrained and open basically overnight. It's as if she has all this boiling steam inside and when you poke a hole through the containment, it vents out on you all in one go.

At that point we talked and joked about almost everything; her sense of humour included a talent for finding innuendos and double entendres, which lead to somewhat open talks about sexual topics, which in the end lead our friendship to occasionally cross into the field of friends with benefits. It's worth telling the story of the first time we had sex even though it has nothing to do with pee, because it shines some light on our relationship and Sam's true personality.

We were in Paris for a school trip, visiting art museums; in my class there were twenty students, eighteen girls and only two boys. This required careful planning on the professors' part. There were six rooms booked for the students: four large ones, with four beds, and two smaller, two beds rooms. Us boys got one of the small ones, Sam and another girl got the other two bed room, all the other girls were put in the four beds ones. Ironically, I wasn't the one the professors were keeping an eye on: my fellow male classmate had a girlfriend and they took care to keep them separated by putting her in one of the four bed rooms.

We were dragged around the city for the whole day for several days in a row, probably endeavouring to physically tire us in a further attempt to prevent "inappropriate behaviours".

Of course it was all for nothing, as, a couple of days in, some switcheroo happened at night: I was booted out of my room, the girlfriend took my place, Sam's room-mate went in the large four bed room left by the girlfriend because the other three girls didn't want me, so I ended up with Sam in the other small room.

It may seem a theme in our relationship, but I honestly had no naughty plans, nor with Sam, nor with any of the other girls involved; it just happened. Even more ironically, it all started with a slightly insulting joke on Sam's lack of curves.

As soon as I settled in, we of course started talking and joking about what was probably going on in the other room.

"We're going to behave in this room, however", I said at one point. "Besides, if you take off that pyjama jacket I'll have a hard time distinguishing the chest from the shoulder blades." Don't think it was mean, jokes like this were a common occurrence between us, and she was more than capable of answering back, which was what I was expecting.

She didn't fight back, though. Instead, she said "That's unfair because I can't yell back at you as it'll cause troubles. I'm not mad though, I know you speak out of ignorance, so I'll have to school you."

She pulled her jacket up, revealing her naked tiny boobs, and pointed at her nipples. "See these darker pink thingies? They mark the front side. Downstairs there are other clues as well."

Being a diligent pupil, I had to study said clues in depth (in a somewhat literal sense too), and that was the beginning of our on and off sexual relationship; nothing too serious nor too continuative, we talked about it WAY more than we did anything (at least together).

It turns out that despite our frankness about sex and our occasional indulgence in it, there was one thing we both hid from each other: our pee fetish. This is the story of how I discovered it, and possibly it opens the way for the stories of the subsequent escapades this discovery led to.

###

A few years after high school ended, we were having a New Year's Eve party at a friend's vacation house in the Alps. It was a thin and tall town house in a small village, with four floors: there was the entrance floor at street level, with the kitchen and a living room; above it, two other floors with a couple of small rooms each and a bathroom. Finally, a large basement room, which, since the house was built on a slope, was partially underground on the road side but had a balcony that opened on the valley on the opposite side.

We had the party in the large basement. At about two in the morning, we were all drunk enough that things went tranquil and that the crowd split in smaller groups which moved from the basement to other rooms in the house for quieter chats; me and Sam ended up in the small room with a sofa on the top floor, where she was planning to sleep. I'll make it clear that we were not wasted, just tipsy enough to be more inclined than usual to joke, laugh and be silly, and probably overstep some inhibitions. And therefore we joked, laughed and behaved silly.

At some point she said, "Stop acting like an idiot, if I keep laughing like this I'll pee myself!”

I promptly ignored her, and after a while, matter-of-factly, she added "There, now you did it. Happy?" and laughed a bit more.

Thinking she was joking, I told her to go eff herself. She didn't bother to argue, she just lifted her skirt to show that indeed there was a small wet patch on her green panties. It was the first time I ever saw actual peed garments in person, so I probably stared at them longer than I should have. Anyway, she pulled her skirt back down, got up and said "I'd better go to the bathroom before you make me make a mess. I'll have to sleep in here, you know."

I was thinking at that wet patch, happy that I was lucky enough to have a female friend who was in the habit of pulling up her clothes and expose her private parts to prove her point.

I was wondering if she just wanted to provoke me a bit, maybe a reprise of that first time we slept together years ago, when Sam came back, locked the door, sat on her ankle in front of me and asked, straight to the point: "Do you like peed panties?"

I don't know why, I didn't want to confess her this fetish, so I just said "Don't be silly."

"You were staring at them a few minutes ago."

"Well, of course, I tend to watch when a girl pulls up her skirt in front of me, you know. Also, the fabric was sticky enough that I could almost see your pussy through it."

"Nonsense, you've seen my pussy before, and with nothing in the way obstructing the view to boot." You could argue that no matter how many times you've had sex with someone, you'll always find her private parts arousing, but alcohol is not conducive to logic debates, and besides I had the impression that she was trying to go somewhere with that topic.

Indeed, since I wasn't answering, she went on, "I enjoy them."

"Wet panties?"

"No, biscuits. Of course it's pissed panties, that's what we're talking about! You know, sometimes when my flatmate is not at home and I don't have to go out, I just pee in my pants whenever I need. If I feel really frisky I keep them on for the rest of the day and pee through them again later a couple more times. It depends." She shrugged and smirked.

At this point, despite my best effort, I felt my penis standing to attention, and she noticed it despite my attempts to change position to hide it (or possibly because of that).

She put a hand on my crotch, where I was somewhat literally pitching a tent with the fabric of my trousers, and said "Gotcha! I knew it!", then she leaned on me and whispered in my ear "You know, I actually just did it in the bathroom".

"What?" I'm actually not that dumb, I was just trying yet again to keep up the appearances for some silly reason.

"Ate a biscuit", she answered, and smirked again. She adjusted her position, raised her skirt once more and showed me a much wider and wetter patch on her panties, starting from her crotch and shooting up between her butt cheeks. There was no "almost" there, I could clearly see the fabric, now semitransparent, clenching to everything, her pussy lips, her dark bush, her buttocks. And there was no "almost" in terms of my erection as well, no sense in faking anything now.

I was speechless because up to that point pee had always been nothing more than a naughty fantasy for me; I watched videos and read several sexy stories on the topic, but never acted on it nor felt the need to bring it in a sexual relationship. I did not know how to react, whether to go all in or back away and keep it a mere fantasy, but in the end I did not have to take any decision, as Sam was already unzipping and pulling down my pants, so I let her take control of the operations.

She sat on my right thigh and while I was registering the feeling of warm peed panties (and her pussy through them) pressed against the naked skin of my leg, she started humping the thigh and jerking me with the right hand. Then, when humping stopped being enough, she slipped the left hand inside her panties, all while I was just there, like an idiot, not contributing to anything. Anyway she seemed quite capable and content to do all by herself and we both reached a powerful orgasm. After we regained our breath, Sam took off her pants, still damp and still warm, used them to clean up my sperm and wipe herself, and threw everything in a small plastic bag she picked from the travelling bag she had with her for this short vacation.

She cheekily licked one damp finger winking at me, then curled up against me on the small sofa, where we cuddled a bit before falling asleep. The next morning we were quite aware of what happened, but she downplayed it as "another one of our escapades" and a weak attempt to discuss the pee fetish was met with "we will, but not now." Anyway I didn't feel nor I had the impression she was feeling any kind of regret, and in fact the first day of the new year went on business as usual (and indeed some months later I had the confirmation that not only nothing bad happened that night, it was actually the start of something better that I'll tell you next time).

Bonus fact, Sam had no spare panties, so she went around commando-style for the rest of the next day until we went back home. Thankfully her skirt was thick and long enough to hide it. I obliquely teased her a bit about it, but with her usual style she answered "If you dare let anybody know, I'll kick your balls till they come out of your ears."

*004*2018-08-02 08:39

Thank you all! I hate that I can't edit posts or the title after a while. Oh, well, I guess we're stuck with "Sam and me".

Here's part two, anyway:

It took a while, after that New Year's Eve party, before the topic resurfaced.

Sam and I had our usual quasi-daily chats while working (we are both freelance graphic designers/visual artists, which means that our computers are turned on basically the whole day, that we spend a lot of time in front of them, and that nobody is going to bother us if we take small breaks to type things in the Facebook chat or on Skype from time to time), but it was business as usual: asking suggestions, comparing works, making snarky comments on something idiotic the client of the moment asked or said, a bit of news/mood-of-the-day; stuff like that.

Pee entered our conversation once when we were videochatting on Skype on a Friday evening (yeah, lame, I know), with vague discussions on when it started, what we like, where the boundaries are, etc.

Don’t get your fantasy geared up, it was an almost clinical discussion; what I gathered was that Sam was already experimenting with this fetish for quite some time when we first met, that it had been a domestic and private affair she didn't feel the need to share with anybody else until recently, that she loved the feeling of wetness and heat on her skin and occasionally liked the taste, and that the boundaries were hormones-dependant: in the heat of the moment she could be naughty and careless, but when the arousal settled down, she wanted her and her stuff to be fresh and clean as quickly as possible. She also added that her pee fetish seemed to have some sort of slow cycle, swinging over the course of months between mild obsession to almost total lack of interest irregardless of the sexual drive of the moment.

On my side, I told her that I discovered it through internet surfing, that I like to watch but never had nor felt the need to have any direct experience prior to our night at the party, so I didn't really know where my boundaries were, but I love nonchalance and confidence over anything else and that I don't care and sometimes I'm even turned off by pain and desperation, feeling or even only pretending to feel shame, humiliation, regret, and such; also, as stupid as it may sound for someone with this fetish, I’m a bit germophobe, so I too am not too fond of feeling dirty/smelly.

She said, "If you like to watch, I'll give you something to look at sooner or later", winked and that was it for the topic that evening, and for the immediate future. What a tease!

Soon after that day, every freelancer’s favourite time started: the deadline traffic jam season. Scientists should investigate it. I’m ready to testify that clients are a special race of human beings who periodically go in hibernation, then wake up all at the same time in specific months and call you one after the other with jobs that must be completed at all costs for the day before yesterday. Two peculiarities of the lingo of this weird race is that “for the day before yesterday” is meant to be taken literally, while “at all costs” is just an idiom that doesn’t actually refer to any kind of pecuniary aspect; don’t let common sense, a dictionary or the laws of physics fool you.

My deadline crunch time was acceptable, but Sam’s seemed really bad. I could see her getting progressively more and more frantic on our Skype chat until, about three weeks later, I got a mid-afternoon Skype videocall. As I accepted it I was greeted by an extreme close-up of Sam's teeth, a fraction of a second before having my ears blown off by the scream “DONE!”

She was shouting straight into the webcam’s microphone “The end! Finished! Completed! Archived! Sent! Job done! Case closed! Other synonyms I can’t come up with now! I’m FREE!”

I meekly peeled my eardrums off the wall behind me while she added “Half a day in advance as well. I am indeed the best”, then put the webcam down and adjusted the angle to give me a complete framing of the scene as she ostentatiously put her feet on the desk with her legs crossed and leaned back on her chair with one hand behind her head; she was trying hard to give her best cartoony arrogant boss impression. She reach out of the frame to pick up a bottle and took a good sip of water acting as if it was some kind of rare and expensive wine.

“Brilliant”, I replied, stone-faced. “You know what happens when you deliver earlier than expected? Enjoy tighter deadlines next time.”

“You’re just jealous because you can’t sprawl on your chair like this.” Another sip of her pretend precious wile, this time with her pinky pointing up. Deliberately boorish, you had to admire it.

“I still have a couple of things to do, but I’m in no hurry. What are you going to do now, with your reacquired freedom?”

“The same thing I do every time a complete a deadline, Pinky. Masturbate furiously”, with her usual sarcastic smirk.

“Thank goodness you started a videochat, then.”

“It was a joke, you literal wanker. Plus, YOU still have work to do. Focus. I know I’m irresistible, but don’t let me distract you.”

We chat idly as I went on working, standard bantering, occasional teasing, our usual stuff. She was lazily browsing the web while we talked, I guess; I could occasionally hear Facebook notification sounds, or a muffled Youtube video. She casually took a couple more sips here and there. I didn’t really pay that much attention to the chat window, I was mostly focussed on Photoshop and the job.

It took a while, but finally my brain registered that Sam’s answers had become monosyllabic and the sounds in the background had changed. A faint static noise with occasional hissing, squishy sounds and some short panting.

I moved my eyes from the monitor with Photoshop to the one with the chat window and saw that her expression had changed too. She was very intently watching in what I presumed was the direction where her computer screen was.

“Sam?”

“Mmmmm?”

“Sam, what are you doing?” I asked with that kind of tone you’d use when talking to an unruly kid.

“I’ve... got distracted.”

“Sam, are you seriously watching porn?” Same tone.

“Ehm...”

“While we’re chatting?”

“It’s not my fault.”

“Of course not. This time you were really convinced that Pornhub had finally started broadcasting MyMiniPony cartoons and you just wanted to check that.”

“It just… happened. You browse Reddit… you absent-mindedly include some ‘special’ subreddits, just out of habit… you follow a couple of posted links… you land on something interesting… comfy bladder pressure... a couple of weeks of built-up steam that lowers your common sense… Linda won’t be home until after dinner...” (Linda is her flatmate, in case you’re wondering).

Another couple of moaning from the video lead to a couple of moaning from Sam, who in the meantime had changed her pose slightly, her legs still crossed but more open, caressing her crotch with the tip of her right hand.

“On second thought, I might actually revise my previously stated opinion and distract you too.” She panted.

I decided to just shut up. Sam was wearing white thick socks, grey sweatpants and a loose dark blue hoodie, the least sexy outfit you could think of (and you can just imagine how baggy it looked on someone as skinny as her), nevertheless I find there’s something magic about a girl truly enjoying herself, and there was only so much tease she could take before she could decide to sent me to hell and close the call.

Sam started biting her lower lip and grabbed one boob with the free hand. She opened her mouth and ran her thumb on her lips and slipped down a bit more on the chair.

Once again biting her lower lip and caressing her chest with one hand, she slipped the other one inside her pants; her eyes nailed on the screen and her mouth opened, shaped like an O, as if she was looking at the most unbelievably erotic scene ever. She closed her eye, bit her lip once more and the hand inside her pants started moving more deliberately.

Suddenly she put her feet on the ground, sitting near the edge of her chair with her legs wide open, her back arched and her left arm straight behind her back to steady herself. With a deeper sigh she stopped caressing her pussy, peeled her eyes off the monitor to look down at her crotch as a dark patch appeared and quickly spread on the fabric, soon followed by a pool forming between her legs and a cascade of pee rolling off the edge of the chair and rumbling as it hit the floor.

She started rubbing her pussy again while the pee was still flowing, sighing more loudly, and as the flood ended she gave a couple of stronger, faster strokes before peeling her hand out of the pants. She watched down ecstatically at her wet crotch, caressing the borders of the patch with both hands before collapsing back on the chair. She dragged her left hand up her torso to her mouth and started sucking one finger while the right hand went straight back inside her pants, moving quickly and deliberately. Her eyes closed, her moaning and panting raised until a final, deep and slow breath signalled that she reached her orgasm. She opened her eyes and looked down at her crotch with a dreamy expression, then gave a quick glance at the monitor where she probably saw that I wasn’t wasting the show she was giving to me, and smiled, peeled her hand out of her pants only to move it on the wet patch, using her middle finger to lazily caress her pussy through the fabric a bit more until I came.

She adjusted her position and curled her legs on the chair, I don’t know if oblivious or deliberately seeking for the pee puddle on it, and we sat there for a short time doing a bit of small talk that was meant to be telematic cuddling but soon switched back to our regular bantering.

“You really got it bad, do you?” I said at one point.

“I’ll admit I’m going through the mildly obsessive phase, plus this idea of bringing someone else in all this came out of nowhere and doesn’t seem to want to go away for the time being.”

“I’m not complaining.”

”Thank goodness I know this really nice guy who is being a good test subject.” Wink. “Now this is getting cold and sticky and unpleasant, I’d better clean up and shower before Linda comes home.” She blew me a kiss and closed the call.

I tried my best to concentrate back on the job I had to finish, but it wasn’t easy, I tell you.

*007*2018-08-03 10:15

Again, thank all of you very much!

Third and (so far) final part. I'm not entirely happy with this one, it's kinda short and straight to the point, it lacks the banter I enjoyed writing in the other two.

What is blocking me when it comes to writing new chapers is not the lack of ideas for the sexy part, is the lack of ideas for the framing, plus I'm a bit torn because I believe I managed to stay within a certain level of realism/believability; I feel there should be some escalation of the erotic content, yet I fear it'll start making things feel fake and exaggerated. Anyway, I hope you'll enjoy it.

When I finally finished my jobs, towards the end of the month, I invited Sam at my place for lunch. I once again swear I did not plan for anything naughty on that specific day (although I definitely wanted to explore the options for the near future), I just wanted to spend some quality time with a dear friend without her flatmate in the way: they're not really friends, so Sam is always a bit restrained when she's around. This time I wanted the full Funny Coarse Sam Experience, and I wanted it live, so we chose my apartment, where I live alone, to let her feel fully at ease to unleash her personality.

Besides, I enjoy cooking and I'm quite good at it, I wasn't in the mood for restaurants or takeaway food, and if you'll ever see Sam approaching a stove, run for your life and be prepared to hire a professional cleaning crew for the aftermath. Or torch the whole building in the worst case scenario.

She arrived in the late morning, wearing a jumper, shirt, jeans, flat shoes, and dragging her usual handbag (which I always suspected being a luggage trying - and failing miserably - to cosplay as a handbag).

We had a nice and fun and chatty morning as I was preparing our lunch (Sam was in a really good mod and her wit was in an extraordinary shape), had a pleasant time during the meal, then Sam offered to wash the dishes and that's when things took an unexpected yet enjoyable turn.

While she was rinsing the dishes, she suddenly said, "This cold water is a stab at my poor bladder!"

I quickly turn towards her and saw a dark, shiny patch expanding between her legs; I dragged my eyes up, saw her cheeky smirk and decided to play along. I started to move towards her, but she stopped me with "Don't be greedy. Also I have to finish the chores first", which she did.

The patch stopped expanding, she must've leaked just enough to wet the jeans, but I couldn't peel my eyes off it while Sam moved around the kitchen to finish cleaning stuff, went out on the balcony to put the garbage in the bins as if wearing pants decorated by a noticeable pee patch was the most natural thing ever. I was thinking that she didn't go to the bathroom since she arrived at my place and trying to calculate how much water she drank during lunch, in order to figure out what to expect from the near future.

When she finished tidying up, she went back on the rug in front of the sink, stood there with her weight on her right leg and the left leg relaxed, her right hand hanging with the thumb from the jeans' pocket, and opened the floodgates. I watched the patch becoming shiny again, expand and start running down her leg; this time she didn't stop me when I went closer. I put my hands on her hips and told her not to waste it all here. She looked at me, smirked and stopped peeing. She threw her jumper and the shirt under it on the table; I already knew that bras were rare items in Sam’s outfits, but it’s always nice to see that fact confirmed. I picked up the wet rug, she took off her jeans and panties and used them to haphazardly wipe any spillage on the floor, then we moved towards the bathroom with our load of pee wet cloths.

Despite the horniness, I couldn't help but laugh at the image of Sam walking down my hallway entirely naked but still wearing socks and shoes. Thank God she's good sport and that didn't spoil the mood.

In the bathroom, she finished undressing ("There, shoes off. Happy?"), I did the same, we threw the wet clothes in the washing machine and stepped into my rectangular shower.

I hugged her from behind, moved her hair on one side and bent a bit to start kissing her neck (her head barely reaches my shoulders if I'm standing straight). She licked my fingers, then I started to tease one of her puffy nipples with one hand, gently circling around the border of the areola, and let the other hand caress her body and slip down to her crotch, where I playfully ruffled her bush before starting to tease the inside of her thighs and lastly moving to her clit.

When I finally put my finger inside her, I whispered in her ear, "Now you can let go whatever's left."

A couple of drips. Then a violent spurt that splashed on my palm and stopped immediately. What surprised me the most was the heat. I mean, I felt heat back at the night of the party when she was rubbing her crotch against my thigh, but I didn't know how much of it was the pee's and how much was just body heat.

I could see she was uncharacteristically tense and was having a bit of trouble relaxing and letting it all go. Moving my hand from the nipple to the middle of the chest, I could feel her heart beating fast. I gently kissed her on the cheek and on the neck again, she smiled. I moved the hand from the chest to her stomach and started caressing it gently. It took a couple of false starts, but finally the stream started and didn't stop, splashing on the palm of the hand I still had firmly on her crotch, and then all around as I was moving my fingers to masturbate her. I moved the dry hand back to her tiny breasts and started again to kiss her neck as I kept fingering her.

When the stream ended (and she indeed had surprisingly capacious tanks) I cupped my fingers to save a bit of pee and swapped hands: the one that was playing with her boobs moved downstairs to keep stimulating her, while the one with the small puddle of pee moved up, spreading the juice over her belly and her chest. Sam took control for a bit, grabbed my hand and licked my wet fingers, then when she finally came I used my free arm to hug her and steady her while the orgasm made her legs feel a bit wobbly. I kissed her cheek and she smiled again, leaning her head against me.

We then sat cross legged on the wet floor of the shower (or better, I sat cross legged and she sat on top of me; my shower is a bit larger than normal, but it's not exactly a castle) where, after regaining her breath, she took my hard penis in her hands.

"Care to reciprocate?"

"Sorry! I peed right before lunch. I could try to push hard..."

"Don't. If you fart I'll start laughing and you'll spoil the moment. Remember that you owe me one next time, for now you earned you treat anyway."

Indeed she took good care of me despite the cramped situation we were in, then we hugged again. We kissed, and that was the moment when I realized that our on and off physical relationship was about to step up and going to be permanently on from this point onwards.

Bonus prosaic fact: we took a shower together afterwards and when we stepped out of the shower I mused whether or not this was going to be a much sexier reprise of the commando-style day at the party, while her clothes washed and dried. Unfortunately she showed me that the cosplaying luggage handbag was storing a spare change of pants, socks, panties and shirt, which was somewhat unlucky for me, but confirmed that Sam definitely had stuff planned for that afternoon.

*011*2018-08-04 19:37

Thanks!

This is actually the only sexy story I've ever posted. I posted a slightly different version on another community last year (overall shorter, and chapter 2 and 3 were mashed together). I can't remember the name of the site, sorry. It's a forum, mostly dedicated to stories. They put the initial part of some posts on their home page, but then you have to register to read the rest. I did it in order to read a couple of stories that looked promising (they weren't, unfortunatly), and since I was there and I had the idea for this story in a corner of my brain, I decided to write a post. Never went back to that community since then.

I've been discussing the story in a private chat with another member of omo.org, and she suggested me to post it here in the fiction section to see what happens.

I definitely want to continue this, I just have to find the right idea,tight set-up and a good amount of Sam banter appropriate for the situation. I have a couple of ideas I discarded because they felt too over the top while I want to keep thi series somewhat relatable and believable; maybe I'll put together a story with those with different characters.

