The Witcher Desperation - Triss has gotta go!

Author: Bangarang

*000*2017-03-20 21:08

So I noticed a serious lack of content for any of the wonderful ladies from the world of The Witcher, so I thought I would give it a shot! Constructive criticism welcome, but it's my first real fiction attempt so...be gentle!

###

As she jumped down from her horse, her red hair flowing around her like a copper halo, Triss Merigold had only one thought on her mind…

Where is the damn privy in this place?!?

The ride from the last stop up to Kaer Morhen had been a long one, and the several flasks of water that the red haired sorceress had consumed had been banging at her floodgates for a while now, desperate to escape.

Cursing her own stubbornness for not just slipping behind a bush for relief before she arrived, Triss squeezed her thighs together tightly as she attempted to get her bearings.

It hadn’t been that long since she had been here last, but the place was huge, and crumbling in some parts. It felt like a labyrinth in her mind, distracted as she was by her incredibly full bladder.

Behind her, the horse neighed loudly, causing her to jump in shock, wincing as the movement jarred the ever filling water balloon in her midsection.

A door slammed open from above the courtyard she stood in, “Who’s out there?” Came a gruff, deep voice from within.

“It’s just me!” Triss smirked, recognising that voice anywhere.

A man stepped out of the doorway, his hand dropping from the steel sword on his back, “Oh Triss! Good to see you!” Said Eskel smiling, his scarred face lighting up as he saw her. “We weren’t expecting you till tomorrow.”

“I know, I know, but I figured I could make it here early so I pressed on.” She replied walking forwards.

“Well I’m glad you did, always nice to have friends round the old place again.” He nodded approvingly.

“Couldn’t agree more, so who’s here?” Triss asked as she made her way up the stairs.

Eskel leaned against the wall, basking in the sun, “Well me and you, Ciri, Yen and Lambert so far. Still waiting on Keira, Geralt and the others. That reminds me…”

Just then, a powerful wave of desperation shot through Triss, making her cross her legs tightly where she stood. Straightening up, she darted forwards past Eskel, “Sorry, talk in a minute, long ride too much water.” She blurted as she went past.

Dashing into the common area, Triss turned on the spot, trying to remember the location of the only working privy in this building. A flash of memory prompted her to head to the stairs on the left.

Running up the stairs, her cleavage bouncing appealingly, Triss really hoped to find the room empty, the only other working one she could remember was too far to make it without leaking, something she would not allow to happen, especially not in her favourite tight leather pants…

Reaching the end of the stairs, Triss stopped, she looked left, and then right as she tried to recall the path, squirming on the spot as she did so, her round butt swinging side to side like an alluring pendulum.

Settling on left, Triss turned on her heel and shuffled down the corridor, her desperate need to pee really starting to get to her now.

Just one more corner, then I can go…this is gonna be a huge wee, I can feel it!

Turning the corner, Triss groaned when all she was greeted by was a wall of rubble and the remains of a potted plant, now more a pot of dust.

The red head danced in desperation where she stood, her ass bouncing up and down as she fantasised about ripping her leather trousers down and hanging her butt over the pot and letting the torrent inside her just flow out.

She gripped her crotch tightly for a moment before spinning around and hurrying back the way she came, deciding the shame of potentially being caught outweighed the fullness of her bladder.

For now…remember that spot for emergencies

Hurrying back the way she came, Triss followed the right hand path, hoping to anyone listening that this was the correct way and she hadn’t taken the wrong stairs earlier.

Sighing in relief, Triss realised she had found the right corridor, and hurried towards the closed door that hid the privy from view, she could already practically feel the imminent release…

When Triss tried to push the door open, she instead collided with it, gasping in dismay she realised it was locked.

Groaning slightly, Triss crossed one leg over the other and bent forward, her ass and tits both sticking out, the latter threatening to burst from their prison on her chest.

Triss knocked rapidly on the door, “Hello? Whoever is in there, will you please hurry up? I really need to get in there!”

No reply came.

She was about to knock again when she heard what sounded like laughter from behind the door, cocking her head to one side, she listened, but heard nothing.

“Little sis?” She called using the nickname for her friend, “Ciri? Is that you in there? Please hurry okay? I really need a wee!” Again no reply.

Triss began to dance desperately in front of the door, her rear waggling from side to side as she fought to contain the flood inside her.

“Having trouble?” Came a voice from behind her.

Triss jumped, turning on the spot to see Lambert stood leaning against the wall, eating an apple.

Didn’t even hear him coming up….Witchers!!!

“Just a little.” She replied through gritted teeth. “I think Ciri is in there, and if she is, she really needs to know now is not the time for one of her pranks!” She raised her voice as she did so, hoping to appeal to whoever was in there.

Lambert took a bite of his apple before replying, “Could be, could be, not seen her much today.”

Triss noticed in mild amusement that his eyes never strayed from her large breasts.

“Are you waiting to be in here too?” She asked, eyebrows rising.

Lambert shrugged, “Nah, utilised the old Witcher technique of bushes earlier…jealous?”

“As a matter of fact, yes! What are you doing here then?” Triss crossed her legs one way then the other as she spoke.

“Just watching the show.” He smirked.

Despite herself, Triss laughed slightly at that, “Get outta here!” She said in mock indignation.

“Alright, alright, I’m going! Unlike you.” He said with a wink as he turned and left.

Triss groaned at his words, taking a moment to give her crotch a good squeeze when his back was turned.

Shifting from one foot to the other, Triss took a deep shaky breath to steady herself, “Ciri? If that is you in there and this is one of your jokes, now is really not the time, I’m bursting out here.”

Silence was her only reply.

Bending over and moaning in frustration, her tight leather trousers stretching alluringly across her wiggling rear, she again failed to hear the sound of footsteps from behind her.

A slight laugh broke her out of her trance, spinning on the spot Triss came face to face with Yenneffer, her dark haired friend and fellow sorceress.

“Having trouble there, dear friend, or did you simply feel like enticing me with your admittedly lovely bottom?” She asked, smirking.

Triss straightened up, slightly red in the face, but more amused than anything else, the two were close friends after all, “I knew you’d like it.”

“Oh don’t flatter yourself!” Replied Yenneffer with a laugh.

“No, I just really need to be in there, had a lot of water on my way here.” Triss explained.

“I see,” Said Yenneffer, “Well I would hug you, but I’m not sure you could withstand the squeezing, and I quite like this dress.”

“Much appreciated.” Replied Triss, starting to shuffle again.

Yenneffer leaned against the wall opposite Triss, “So, is there someone in there, or did you simply feel like challenging yourself?”

“There is, Ciri I think, you know how she loves her pranks.” Triss said

“That I do,” Said Yenneffer, looking slightly uncomfortable, “Well I hope she knows I’m out here too, and as I could do with a little wee myself, I hope she decides to prank you some other time!” The last was directed at the door, which again replied with the slight sounds of laughter.

“You need to go as well?” Triss asked.

“Indeed, I did not just come all the way down here to see your dancing.” She replied, “Although, not as badly as you need to, apparently.”

“Well, I’m definitely going first…” Triss said with a laugh.

Yen smirked slightly, “Only if you can keep your mind clear of delightful waterfalls, or pouring wine…”

Triss’s legs crossed even tighter… “Yen!”

Yen’s smirk grew even wider, “Or if you recall how good you felt after you could let go of all the ale you were holding at the last feast?”

Triss couldn’t stop her hand gripping her crotch, “I’m about to explode!”

“Oh my!” Yen exclaimed, “I guess I better let you in then….”

Triss froze, “You what?”

“The door on this floor jams,” Laughed Yen, “Here look.” And with that, the raven haired sorceress stepped forward and with a well placed kick, the door swung open.

Triss leapt forward as soon as she saw the privy, aching to release at the sight of it.

“Enjoy your wee!” Shouted Yen as the door closed.

And enjoy it she did, the second her ass hit the seat, she exploded, releasing all her pent up desperation as a waterfall of relief.

Amid gasping her enjoyment of it, Triss had one thought….Revenge!

*007*2017-03-27 22:18

Thank you all so much for your kind replies!

There will definitely be a sequel, hopefully sooner than later, who would you rather be the next victim, Yen or Triss?

{{22 hours ago, Who Cares? said:

Thank you for this! Not only is this a great desperation story, but you did a great job portraying the characters (I especially enjoyed Lambert's remarks). The quest in Witcher III when you go to the ball with Triss is what made me crave a Triss desperation story, as she admits to drinking far too much wine, though sadly the only effect it has on her is intoxication.

}}

I agree, that would have been amazing! Ah well, we can dream!

*015*2017-04-06 21:54

Thank you all again for your feedback!

I have a little something in the works yes, it's slow going but I hope it will be out soon!

*019*2019-03-07 22:07

So I know I certainly took my time about it, but the follow up is finally here!

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/49254-the-witcher-desperation-ciris-dream/?do=embed"

I hope you enjoy it and it was worth the wait!

