Confidence Anne

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2019-01-13 05:28

Authors note: I know on my last story I said I wasn’t going to post much here anymore but decided to write a story anyway. So I guess I’m back? Even though it hasn’t been that long. Idk really just enjoy the story.

###-

Anne was the most attractive girl in the school. She was gorgeous, and the way she carried herself was so confident and sexy. She had every reason too, along with being physically perfect Anne was smart, mature and one of the heads of the Model UN club. She was 18 going on 30.

She was way out of league for my dorky ass. I tried to snapchat her twice and gotten left on opened both times. Guess that’s what I get for going for the hottest girl in the school.

Today I managed to land myself in detention. I supposed I should’ve actually done my math homework instead of playing video games all weekend long.

“Mr. Johnson is there a reason you decided to not do your homework?” I was blushing the whole time. Anne was definitely thinking about how childish and stupid I was as Mr. Sellmey gave me detention for missing homework for the tenth time in a row. Anne of course would never not do her homework.

What happened at the end of the period really shocked. About three minutes before the end of the period a guy approaching Anne. (Brave son of a bitch, I will say) He decided it was a good idea to make some weird sexual remark.

“God, you are such an immature little shit!” She yelled in response.

“Miss Cauper there will be no swearing in my classroom!” Everyone in the class was shocked. “Detention, my classroom after school.”

“I have UN club after school!” Anne was determined to get out of it.

“Well perhaps you should act more like someone who belongs in the UN. My room after school.” Mr. Sellmey wasn’t backing down.

The guy actually managed to get off the hook. Not sure how as what he said was probably far worse than what Anne said, but there’s nothing I can do about it. Besides, why would I complain about an excuse to spend an hour alone with Anne?

So at the end of the day I headed back to Mr. Sellmey’s classroom. I took a seat in the back of the classroom. About two minutes later Anne walked in. Man was she looking hot.

She was in some tight blue jeans, black sock boots and red sweater. Even as she marched into detention she still held up her usual confident posture. She sat down in the front row like she did in every class.

“David can you please come to the front.” Mr. Sellmey sternly said to me. I walked up to the front and sat next to Anne. My stomach filled with butterflies. God she is so hot.

“The two of you will be here until 4:00. I expect no talking or nonsense.” Mr. Sellmey laid out the rules for us. Anne groaned and pushed back her blonde curls. It was obvious that she wasn’t used to being in detention.

I pulled out my phone and started playing some crappy game. It was hard to concentrate with Anne next to me. She pulled out a book and started to read. After a few minutes she closed her book and was about to stand up but Mr. Sellmey walked out the room. She pulled out her book again and started to read.

“Hi.” I decided to try to make conversation while the teacher was out.

“Hello.” Anne replied in a stern voice. She was clearly not in a good mood.

“What are you reading?” I couldn’t think of anything better to say.

“A book.” She was really not in a mood to talk.

Mr. Sellmey walked back in and sat at his desk. Anne put her book away and went up to Mr. Sellmey. I admired her ass in her jeans the whole time.

“May I please go to the restroom?” Anne asked.

“No, you’re a senior. You can wait until 4:00.”

“I haven’t been since lunch.” Anne sounded really desperate. Lunch was almost three hours ago, and Anne always had a bottle of water in her hand. My dick hardened at the thought of her desperate.

“No, you decided to act up in my class so now you pay the price. You want to be an adult? Act like it!” Mr. Sellmey was pissed. Anne walked back to her seat and pulled out her book again.

The next half hour was rather dull. I put in my headphones and watched YouTube on my phone. At about 3:35, Mr. Sellmey walked out to talk to a teacher in the hallway. I kept watching YouTube until Anne said something out loud.

“You okay?” I didn’t hear what she said because of the headphones but it didn’t sound good.

“No, I was just talking to myself.” She didn’t take her eyes off her book. Her voice sounded like it fell apart every word.

“Are you sure? You don’t sound too good?”

“I said I’m fine!” She really didn’t want to talk to me. I noticed her left hand sneak down to her abdomen where her belt dug deep into her bladder. Her legs were spread widely out. “Can I help you?” She noticed me staring.

“You know if you have to pee you can tell me.” It made sense why she didn’t want to talk all detention. She had to pee really bad, worse than I originally thought. My dick was bulging through my pants.

“If I wanted to tell you I would’ve already told you!” She looked back her book before looking back at me. “Hey, I’m sorry about that. You haven’t done anything wrong I’m just really stressed right now.”

“It’s okay.” My heart was beating fast as hell. I couldn’t believe I was actually talking to Anne Cauper.

“I just don’t see how I deserve detention. That douchebag started making comments about me I had every right to curse him out.”

“Well, you can’t complain about you don’t control. Besides it was your choice to curse at him.”

“I guess you’re right. I just want this to be over.”

“Yeah, me too.”

“Damn, my back teeth are really floating.” Anne looked really stressed. “And this detention is taking forever.”

“Well, maybe if we talk it’ll keep your mind off of it.” We talked for the next fifteen minutes and we got along fairly well. Finally Mr. Sellmey came back.

“I want to go home, get the hell out of here.” He waved us out despite only being 3:50. Me and Anne walked out. Anne rushed down the hallway, her boots loudly clacking with every step.

“Damnit! No!” She yelled out. The janitors has closed the bathroom for the day. She maintained her composure. She turned around and we started to walk to the parking lot.

“Hey Anne, uh, sorry to ask this but uh, can I have a ride?” I usually took the bus but it was an hour after the buses had all left.

“Yeah, you can have a ride.”

We went to the parking lot and and I got in the passenger seat. She put the keys in the ignition and off we went.

“Turn left up here.” I gave her instructions to my home. Anne turned right.

“Uh, Anne I said left.”

“Shit! My bad.” She stopped to turn the car around.

“Do you want me to drive?” I could tell she was having a hard time.

“No, no I’m fine. I just need to pee so bad.” I wasn’t used to hearing Anne talk like that. I only usually bearding her answering questions in class or talking about intellectual things with her friends. She must’ve really needed to go to be acting like this.

“Hey David, may I use the restroom at your house?” Her face was beat red. It was so surreal, to see such a mature and adult-like person in such a childish and embarrassing state.

“Of course.” I tried not to sound too excited but I probably still did anyway.

“Thanks.” She gave me a huge smile. “Ah!” She sent a hand down to her crotch.

“Are you sure you don’t need me to drive?” Even though we were minutes from my house I still wanted to make sure we actually made it in one piece.

“No, I got this!” Anne was determined. We pulled into my driveway and she rushed up to the door. She was bent over crouched as I put the key in to unlock it. “Ah hurry hurry!”

I finally got it unlocked and she rushed in, only to be greeting with the sound of my younger sister taking a shower. I completely forgot the Middle schoolers got home at this time.

“Teresa when are you done?” I shouted in as Anne writhed in agony. She was completely potty dancing at this point.

“I just got in!” My sister shouted out.

“Oh damn, I can’t wait any longer!”

“Go the woods in the backyard!” I grabbed and started to walk but she resisted.

“That’s disgusting I’m not peeing in the woods!” Anne was appalled.

“Would you rather piss your pants?” She nodded and followed after I said that.

I lead her into my backyard when she stopped moving.

“Hey, what’s wrong?” I turned and asked her.

“I can’t go any further!” Anne bent down with both hands shoved in her crotch. “I-I-...”

The stream started. It pooled up on the crotch of her jeans before running down the back of her legs to her ankles. Pee pooled on the ground in the grass as it dropped from her pants. It filled up her boots to the brim. Anne let out a long satisfied sigh as the weight of her bladder finally let itself free.

The sigh quickly turned to anger as she turned around and stormed towards her car.

“Hey Anne! Anne!” I shouted after her as she walked with her back to me. She opened the car door and prepared to get in. “Come one Anne.”

She turned around and hurried her head in my shoulder and started to cry. I felt her wet legs rub against mine.

“I didn’t do anything to deserve this.” I heard her say between sobs.

“I know you didn’t.” I hugged her tighter. “No one other than me will know this happened okay.” I felt really bad. I took her inside and got some of my sisters clothes for her. I let her use the shower and eat a snack before walking her out to her. “This will be our little secret okay?”

“Okay.” She went to get into her car but turned towards me again. “Here’s my number, call me anytime I’ll gladly pick up for you.” Anne smiled before getting in the car. Maybe detention isn’t so bad after all.

