The Hakurei Shrine Overnight Drinking Incident

Author: Bucketman

*000*2025-03-22 18:11

The moon shone brilliantly over Gensokyo’s Hakurei Shrine, where its resident shrine maiden, Reimu Hakurei, was enjoying herself. Just a simple drinking party between two friends. Reimu had dozens of friends from her career of solving Gensokyo’s incidents, but only one person held the title of Reimu’s truest friend: the ordinary magician, Marisa Kirisame.

“But that’s when Miko had told me, ‘I can only sense the ten Desires, I cannot help you with your eleventh!’” She said, breaking out into an obnoxious laugh from recalling a meeting with Prince Shotoku.

Reimu started giggling herself, a heavy blush on her face as she refilled her sake dish.

“Oi! Refill me too, ze,” Marisa demanded, her own woozy blushing smile adorning her face.

Reimu squinted her eyes, and her demeanor flipped from jubilant to stingy. “Geez, you’re just going to come in and drink all of my good stuff? Didn’t you bring any of your own?”

“Just put it on my tab, ze. Next time, we’ll drink from my stash.”.

“That type of promise has no merit, Marisa. If you paid your tab at Kourindou, Rinnosuke would be able to retire comfortably tomorrow.”

“Right!” Marisa agreed, with stars in her eyes. “If Kourin retired, who’d sell outside artifacts to the people of Gensokyo?”

“For someone who’s joked about me being a communist, you sure seem to enjoy the benefits of communal sharing,” Reimu mumbled, relenting anyway and refilling Marisa’s dish.

This sort of banter continued throughout the night. Even if it seemed charged, it was all in good fun. Minutes turned to hours. Soon it wasn’t just night, but the dead of night. Most humans of Gensokyo would be asleep around this time.

“Awsh, well. I’m probably boozed out,” Marisa said. “Sure could use a soft bed.”

“I’m sure you have plenty in your house,” Reimu said bluntly.

“Ah, yer so cruel ze. Didn’t even invite me to stay. Don’t you know this is the time when yokai are at their deadliest?” Marisa scratched the back of her head as she pleaded her case.

“Of course I know that.” As the shrine maiden of the Hakurei Shrine, Reimu was supposedly the premier authority on yokai extermination, since it was her job to keep Gensokyo’s delicate balance between human and yokai. “Which is why I know the second-best yokai exterminator won’t have any trouble.”

“Soon to be first,” Marisa said, raising a single finger. She didn’t deny being the runner-up, instead using that feeling as a springboard for her own improvement. “But even with that, can’t you see I’m wasted? Any yokai could take me as easy pickings.”

“I think it would be the opposite. If anyone attacked you, you’d just drunkenly barrel through them and leave me with the cleanup.” Reimu sipped her dish again, once more brushing aside Marisa’s worries.

“Awh c’mon, just think of it as a sleepover. You’ve got at least one spare futon, don’t ya?” Marisa practically pleaded at this point. Not because she was truly worried about fighting yokai, but just because she was tired and felt too lazy to go back to her home in the forest of magic.

“Ugh, fine. I’ll get the spare futon.” Once more, Reimu relented. She knew Marisa wouldn’t stop annoying her until she got her way.

Both girls shakily got up, inebriated by the bottles upon bottles they had consumed. While Reimu went to her closet to grab the spare futon and blanket, Marisa got to work undressing, taking off her giant witch hat and lifting her entire dress above herself in one fell swoop.

Reimu laid the futon down as she once more squinted at Marisa, muttering, “Shameless.”

“How is this any worse than the hotspring, ze?” Marisa turned her head to the side, clad in just a white undershirt and her big, puffy bloomers. “I’m not even naked.”

“But you couldn’t wait until you were in the bedroom?”

“This is your bedroom.” Marisa pointed to Reimu’s regular futon, which was next to where the spare was. In fact, this was the only bedroom.

Reimu blushed as she remembered this, clearly too drunk to have common sense. Then again, it was not like you could let yourself be held back by common sense in Gensokyo.

Reimu herself would slip off her skirt as she undid the large bow on her head before taking off her top, leaving her in just her panties and sarashi chest wraps. She went back to the closet and pulled out a simple white kimono, which she then fastened around her waist.

Marisa’s exhaustion led her to practically dive into the futon as she wrapped the blankets over herself snugly. Reimu stumbled a bit towards her own futon, but eventually sat down and climbed in.

“Do you feel like we rushed something?” Reimu asked, feeling like there were things they forgot.

Marisa turned to her side as she mumbled a reply. “We haven’t brushed our teeth. But we’ll make up for it by doing it twice in the morning.”

“Mmph.” Reimu grunted and closed her own eyes, turning off the lamp next to the futons.

Without much difficulty, both drifted off to sleep, now to be taken under the watchful eyes of the Baku in the dream world.

But of course, both had made a clear mistake, one that Reimu had been on the verge of realizing before the sense of danger had been crushed by Marisa. Both maidens were full to the brim with alcohol; alcohol that would keep their cloudy minds well asleep for the next several hours. And of course, it was alcohol that flowed through their bodies, all the way to their bladders.

Already, certain effects could be seen from this tumultuous rest. Marisa couldn’t help but sweat from the inherent uncomfortable feeling in her body; legs, waist, head, all were already damp in some way, though not a single drop was urine yet.

Reimu’s thighs shifted as she slept, her body trying its best to ignore the dull ache in her abdomen. Already her legs squeezed together in her best unconscious attempt to hold it.

The careless situation they had put themselves in was, of course, precarious, but this was Gensokyo. Far more weirdness was about to come in short order.

Some time after Reimu and Marisa had fallen asleep, a sharp gust of wind blew through their room. Hovering in a spot where no being had been previously was a figure draped in shadow. Its ebony wings beat softly and silently, gazing on the scene before it.

Though she looked very intimidating now, and would likely strike fear into the heart of a normal human, this figure was only Aya Shameimaru, the Tengu reporter.

The dead of night was the time that was best for Yokai. Aya’s yokai eyes gazed upon the pair with complete clarity, as one would be able to see them at noon.

Eh? Marisa’s here? Aya thought to herself while her grip tightened nervously on the camera in her hands. That might be just what I need.

The previous week had been a difficult one for Aya. Every scoop and story she had pursued, she had been forced to abandon. Her story on the possibilities of the Kappa and Yamawaro going to war had been ruined when the secretive events between them had been revealed to be a large-scale picnic rather than bloody murder. Her story about the Scarlet Devil Mansion’s maids going on strike was ruined when the head maid beat her up and destroyed her camera. And her story attempting to uncover the secrets of Yuuka Kazami just ended up being boring when a week’s worth of snooping revealed that she just gardens for eighteen hours a day.

Each failure led up to one important fact. Aya needed something to write a story on, lest she fail her quota and be forced to report as such to her superiors on Yokai Mountain. She did not want the punishments and paperwork involved in that.

So that left her there, zipping through Gensokyo as only one with her speed could, trying to find literally anything. And luckily she happened to look in the Hakurei Shrine. Aya was no stranger to chasing tabloids or completely falsifying information, so Marisa being at the Hakurei Shrine overnight left the perfect opportunity to create a fake scandal.

“So if I just put them together…” Aya narrated to herself while dragging Marisa out of her futon and into Reimu’s. Each inch she moved terrified Aya. Marisa seemed to be incredibly sensitive that night. Each little touch made her writhe around with a discomforted look on her face. Yet she eventually maneuvered the magician to lay intimately next to Reimu.

“I can see it now: ‘Scandal in the Hakurei Shrine! Donations of Lust Corrupt The Hakurei Shrine Maiden’! It’ll be perfect!”

Aya’s thumbs gently hooked around the bottom of Marisa’s undershirt, pulling it just enough to expose her tummy. Her geta dared not touch the floor. Any unnecessary noise risked jeopardizing the entire operation.

Finally, to seal the deal, Aya bunched up the bottom of Reimu’s kimono around her thighs. She looked upon Reimu’s underwear with a red face. Taking a deep breath, she gently hooked her thumbs into Reimu’s waistband.

Aya would stop cold as she heard Reimu’s breath hitch, waiting a full minute before continuing.

“Who knew these two were so sensitive when they sleep?” Aya thought, unaware of their predicament. She stopped once Reimu’s underwear was around her calves, and she rearranged the way Reimu’s legs sat, pulling them up so they were arched. Such a pose would block out her delicate bits, ensuring the resulting picture wouldn’t be too explicit for print.

She then whirled around the room, taking at least a hundred different photos with her night vision camera before stopping.

“I should probably put them back so they don’t get suspicious.” She thought as she began the painstaking task of placing Marisa back into her futon. As she grabbed Marisa’s hips, Aya would hear a slight moan. The Tengu shot back to hide in case she woke up, but luckily, Marisa didn’t.

But what Aya couldn’t see was how the constant stimulation had elicited just the smallest leak from Marisa, the liquid leaving her lips and being absorbed fully by the bloomers.

The moment had frightened Aya; enough that she had to take another deep breath. “Maybe I should scrap this story too.” And with that, she shot out of the Shrine, having entirely forgotten that she left Reimu’s underwear around her calves.

One wild and horny event had passed, yet the night had not yet subsided. Still more could mischief make itself known.

And not very long after, mischief given form had opened the door to the Shrine.

Three fairies, each three feet tall, entered. One with orange hair and pigtails, one with a big blue bow and a hime cut, and one with a white hat and four drills. Their names were Sunny Milk, Star Sapphire, and Luna Child respectively.

“So if Clownpiece was correct…” Star began, her wings shimmering from the twinkling Starlight. “If we place Reimu’s hand in this bowl of water, something embarrassing will happen!” She put her hands together in excitement from the plan.

“What was the ‘something’ again?” Mumbled Luna, her crescent wings shining from the moonlight, even more brilliantly than Star’s.

“Dunno, doesn’t matter.” Said Sunny, her wings dim from a lack of Sunlight. “But we’re gonna need you to silence her, Luna. The last thing we need is for her to kill us.”

“What’s the issue with that? Even if she kills us, it’s not like we’ll die.” Star interjected.

“But still, the embarrassing thing won’t happen to Reimu.” Sunny responded.

Without saying anything, Luna Child activated her innate ability to silence the entire area, forcing the shrine into a state where no sound could be heard. Then she pointed towards Reimu. Sunny got the idea and walked towards the sleeping Reimu, staking their lives on a prank.

Unfortunately, now came the biggest weakness of fairies: intelligence. Sunny looked upon Reimu with mild distress as she entirely forgot what body part she was supposed to place in the bowl. Hand? Foot? Elbow? She didn’t know. Not only that, but fairies were not yokai. Sunny did not have the type of night vision someone like Aya had.

“Errrrr, here’s probably fine.” She thought, just deciding to shove it anywhere, which ended up being in-between Reimu’s naked thighs.

“Sunny, you were supposed to put her hand in it.” Luna said. She had remembered the proper body part, and had much more ease seeing in the dark as a fairy of the moon. However, she was also stupid, as she didn’t think to end her silencing spell. Luna’s words fell on entirely deaf ears.

“Sunny? Sunny. Sunny, her hand!” She kept calling out as Sunny got up and left with Star. She followed the two while trying to get her attention, only deciding to end her spell as she walked out the door. But by the time Luna had done that, she forgot the issue entirely. Such is the way of the fairy.

As Reimu lay on her back, her thighs tightly squeezed against each other. She moaned in discomfort, her bulging bladder on the tip of bursting.

But with the bowl there, an unseen force came across Reimu’s body. It told her everything was okay. It was safe to simply let go.

A gentle hiss emanated from the center of the Hakurei Shrine. A stream began to pour from Reimu’s nethers, each drop landing in the perfectly-positioned bowl below. The hot yellow liquid mixed with the cold clear water of the bowl.

Reimu’s face softened, going from intense discomfort to gentle bliss. Her stream picked up, the positive feedback working to make her body want more and more of the amazing relief. Still not a single drop missed the mark of the bowl, going for nearly a minute before finally petering off. Somehow, Reimu was spared the humiliation of yellowed sheets.

As for Marisa, the hissing sound had brought an odd element to her dreams. She was lured in by the temptation, but somehow managed to resist it. Her thighs squeezed tightly in her sleep.

Perhaps there was still hope for the magician, as there was still one more evening visitor for the Hakurei Shrine yet to come.

The three fairies had left the door wide open, causing no issues for the final visitor. Standing at a grand six inches tall was Shinmyoumaru Sukuna, lacking the large bowl she always traveled in.

“Reimu won’t miss some tupperware, I’m sure.” She said as she walked delicately into the shrine.

“This’ll take a while, but it’s far quieter than getting bigger and doing it.” She said as she walked towards some big white mountainous thing. It was surprisingly grippable, so Shinmyoumaru simply climbed over it.

“Uwogh…” A loud moan rang out, starling the inchling as she realized the thing below her wasn’t a mountain, but Marisa’s hips. She had to jump forward as Marisa rolled over, forcing Shinmyoumaru to roll out of the way as she landed, lest she be crushed.

Shinmyoumaru looked back and caught her breath. Marisa appeared to be tightly bunched up, her hands near her crotch and her eyes squeezed shut.

“She must’ve eaten some bad mushrooms again.” Shrugged Shinmyoumaru, not caring. She had bowls to steal after all.

So she continued on towards the direction of Reimu’s looming kitchen, which was also in the single room. Of course, she had to get through Reimu to do that. Shinmyoumaru decided to climb her thighs this time, and as she peaked the thigh, she saw the fairy’s bowl below.

“Awh, what a beautiful bowl.” She said aloud, jumping next to it between Reimu’s thighs.

“It even matches my hat. It’s perfect!” She exclaimed, bringing out a small mallet.

“Miracle mallet! Shrink!” She squeaked out, unheard from her size. She smacked the bowl with the mallet, and it instantly shrank to a size Shinmyoumaru could easily hold.

“Yes you’ll make a nice replacement. Wonder what’s in here though.” She said as she sniffed its contents, expecting alcohol, only to be met with the strong smell of ammonia.

“Eugh, smelly. I’ll have to wash you.” And with that, she dumped the content of the bowl onto Reimu’s futon, which was less than half a drop of water thanks to the shrinkage. With her stolen bowl in hand, Shinmyoumaru climbed once more up Reimu’s thigh and leapt down, this time bypassing Marisa.

“Wish I could fly out in you, but you’ve got to be cleaned first.”

Shinmyoumaru finally walked out of the room and smacked herself with the mallet. She grew 3 feet instantly, and closed the door, leaving.

That left poor Marisa with nobody else. No fantastical luck to help her avoid embarrassment like Reimu. It was not long after, then, that her body could take no more.

Little spurts dribbled from Marisa’s nethers as she laid on her side, adding up to a coin-sized wet spot on her bloomers. Each little spurt helped alleviate the pressure in her aching bladder, but they also represented the cracks in her defense; a little more slip in control. Finally, her breath hitched, and the flood began. Starting from the wet spot, a dark line rolled down Marisa’s left thigh, the small dribble starting its pool, flowing under Marisa’s rump, so it couldn’t yet be seen on the sheets.

“Haah…” She began to sigh, her body losing its resistance and the stream picking up strength. It split from the source and branched off into three lines of wetness, all converging in the wet spot at the bottom of the futon. All Marisa felt was bliss, like she was soaring through the skies of Gensokyo in her dreams, unaware of the shameful flooding going on in her bloomers.

The flood only increased, the streaks all combined into one large wet patch spreading down her rump, a noticeable puddle forming around her hips now. She peed so fiercely and quickly that the material hardly had a chance to absorb the fluid, placing Marisa in a yellow ocean of her own making.

As the last ounces flowed out, Marisa rolled in her sleep, soaking the entirety of her rump while she started to empty out.

“Aah.” She sighed again in ignorant bliss, a massive stain below her, but a large smile on her face.

- Girls are now praying

The sun shone warmly over the Hakurei Shrine. Its appearance was the same as it always was. Except of course for the futon with the large yellow stain in front of it, which Marisa was doing her best to clean.

“Can’t I just go back inside for a minute?” Marisa asked, a slightly pleading tone in her voice.

“Of course not! What if somebody came and you weren’t there? They’d think I did it! So you’re going to clean it until it’s usable again.” Reimu barked at her with no sympathy for Marisa’s plight.

“Awh no fair. I don’t see why it didn’t happen to ya too.” Marisa grumbled, scrubbing the futon some more.

“Well, it’s because I have more control than a child.” Reimu sipped her tea. She didn’t question why she had felt so empty when she woke up that morning, nor did she question why her panties had been around her thighs. She chalked it up to drunken antics.

“It kinda looks like China, doesn’t it?” Marisa mused.

“Gross.” Was all Reimu retorted before giggling.

“Hehe…” Marisa giggled too. Seemed this event wouldn’t have any long term effects on their relationship.

In the end, Reimu was spared the humiliation, Marisa didn’t care too much, Aya found a different story to tell, someone got humiliated, though the fairies weren’t responsible, and Shinmyoumaru got a new bowl to ride in once washed.

