La Princesse Qui Pisse Par Dessus Les Meules

Author: bibibibi

*000*2018-04-01 01:17

This is a french language short story/fable I found on google books and hand-typed. I don't know how the author is and they're probably dead since it was first published ~1923. It's about a french princess capable of pissing incredible distances ... until she's deflowered. Is anyone willing to produce a translation? I'm pretty sure it's actually originally Russian?

La Princesse Qui Pisse Par Dessus Les Meules

@@Un paysan mourunt laissant trois fils. De retour chez eux après l'enterrement de leur père, les trois jeunes gens se concertèrent. Le d́efunt n'était pas riche et il ne laissait à ses fils que sa maison et une petite pièce de terre. Après avoir bien discuté, on convint que l'aîné abandonnerait la maison et le champ à ses deux frères et qu'il irait par le monde chercher fortune. S'il réusissait, il reviendrait aussitôt trouver ses cadets pour leur faire partager sa bonne chance, mais s'il n'était pas de retour dans un an et un jour, le deuxième frèe partirait à sa recherche. Ceci bien entendu, l'aîné embrassa ses frères et s'éloigna. A la sortie du village, il trouva deux routes. Dans son embarras, il jeta en l'air un liard qui tomba face - c'est ainsi qui'il se décida. Il marcha longtemps sans recontrer autre chose que des auberges et des fermes où il passait la nuit pour reprendre sa route le lendemain. Enfin, après quinze jours de marche il arriva devant un château magnifique.

"Ce sera peut-être ici que je trouverai la fortune," se dit-il. "Entrons dans ce château et demandons y du service."

Mais toutes les places étaient prises. En s'en allant, il rencontra le propriétaire du château, qui était le roi du pays. A la demande du roi, le jeune homme lui raconta pourquoi il se trouvait dans la contrée.

"Je n'ai pas d'emploi à te donner dans mon palais; mais j'ai quelque chose de mieux à te proposer. J'ai une fille comme on n'en voit nulle part. Elle pisse par dessus les plus hautes maisons. Tous les médecins que j'ai appelés n'ont pu la guérir et c'est dommage car elle est de toute beauté. Si tu peux l'empêcher de pisser par dessus les meules que tu élèveras, ta fortune sera faite; je te la donnerai en mariage. Sinon, tu iras rejoindre dans leur prison les imbéciles de médecins et de charlatans qui ont essayé avant toi de réussir dans ce que je leur ai proposé. Tu as bien compris. Vois si tu te sens capable d'arriver à ce résultat"

Le jeune homme réfléchit quelques instants et accepta la proposition du roi. Ce dernier le fit entrer au palais et, après lui avoir donné un habit de médecin, le fit dîner avec sa femme et sa fille. La princesse était merveilleusement belle et la paysan ne pouvait rassasier sa vue de tant de perfections. On lui donna un appartement au château en attendant le jour de l'épreuve.

Dès le lendemain, le jeune aventurier, choisit un vaste champ et y fit apporter cinq ou six cents voitures de foin. Puis il prit cent paysans et leur fit élever une énorme meule.

"Si la princesse réussit à pisser par dessus ce tas de foin," pensait-il, "j'y perds ma raison."

Et il alla dire qu roi que sa meule était prête. Le lendemain, la princesse arriva et se mit à rire en voyant la meule. Elle releva sa robe et pissa bien au-dessus de l'enorme tas de foin. Le jeune homme resta atterré. Sur l'oredre du roi, on le saisit et on l'enferma dans un souterrain avec les médecins qui avaient tent́ l'aventure avant lui.

Un an et un jour après le départ de son frère aîné, le deuxième frère partit à son tour et prit le chemin suivi par son aîné un an auparavant. Après avoir marché quinze jours, il trouva le château dans lequel il entra pour demander une place de domestique. Le roi le vitet lui fit la même proposition qu'au frère aîné. Il accepta. Bien reçu par la famille de la princesse, il se voyait déjà le gendre du roi et bàtissait projets sur projets pour l'avenir. Il choisit une vaste plaine et y fit apporter six mille voitures de foin. Puis il prit mille ouvriers et leur fit élever la meule.

Le jour suivant, la princesse vint auprès de la meule, partit d'un grand éclat de rire, releva sa robe et ... pissa bien plus haut que la meule.

Et le deuxième frère alla rejoindre son aîné dans le souterrain qui servait de prison dans le palais du roi.

Le cadet la famille s'ennuyait fort de ne pas voir revenir ses deux frères.

"Pour sûr, il leur est arrivé malheur dans leur voyage," se disait-il. "Ce serait mal à moi de ne pas partir à leur recherche et de ne pas les aider s'ils sont dans le malheur! Il quitta donc le village à son tour. Le hasard lui fit prendre la même route que ses frères et il arriva devant le palais du roi qui retenait prisonnier ses deux aînés. Il entra au palais, vit le roi et accepta la proposition qui lui fut faite.

Au dîner il trouva la princesse adorable et la princesse le trouva charmant. Il s'en aperçut et résolut d'en tirer parti. La nuit il ne fit que rêver à la princesse et il se réveilla de grand matin. Il put réfléchir alors tout à son aise.

"Tout de même", se dit-il, "si je parvenais à dépuceler la princesse avant l'épreuve, elle ne pisserait peut-être plus aussihaut. Je suis sûr que tout dépend de sa virginité. Je vais essayer de ce moyen."

Le jour venu, il se leva et alla se promener dans le parc du château.

La princesse n'avait pu dormir de toute la nuit. La figure du jeune homme lui troittait par la tête. Elle s'était levée au point du jour et était allée se promener dans le parc où elle rencontra le paysan.

Ce dernier ne laissa pas échapper l'occasion; il s'avança vers la jeune fille et lui dit qu'il se mourait d'amour pour elle. La princesse se laissa facilement persuader et une heure après elle avait perdu sa virginité. Elle rentra au palais; le paysan se promena jusqu'à l'heure du déjeuner et rentra comme si de rien n'était.

Puis dans l'après-midi, il fit conduire une simple voiture de foin dans un coin du parc et dit au roi qu'il était prêt pour l'épreuve.

Quand le roi accompagnant sa fille arrive près de la petite meule du jeune homme il s'écria que l'épreuve n'était pas sérieuse et il lui conseilla de construire une meule bien plus haute. Mais le paysan affirma que la tas de foin suffisait et le roi dit à sa fille de pisser.

Qui fut étonné? Ce fut le roit et la princesse quand celle-ci ne parvint qu'à pisser dans ses bas, tant le charmant endroit où le jeune homme avait travaillé avec la jeune fille d'étroit était devenu large.

Jugez si le paysan fut satisfait! La princesse, sans le laisser voit était tout aussi joyeuse. Et le roi dut donner sa fille au jeune homme. Les noces furent splendides et les jeunes paysans devenus princes vécurent depuis fort heureux.

*004*2018-04-01 18:21

{{12 hours ago, Svetlanoff said:

This was fun to translate!

}}

Awesome, are you québécois?

{{30 minutes ago, tevoka said:

Great find and huge thanks for translating it for us!

}}

I found a reference it in one of Havelock ellis' books, then I found it on google translate. there's probably more stuff like this if people are willing to put in the work to find the stuff.

*007*2018-04-02 23:09

{{23 hours ago, Svetlanoff said:

Nope, American. I took French courses during middle/high school and most of undergrad, immersion classes for the last few years. I'm not fluent but can read French well enough to understand news articles, academic writing in my field... and apparently watersports fables!

}}

Common misconception, but fluent doesn't mean proficient or native-comparable, but whether or not you can hold a conversation, which you clearly can!

{{2 hours ago, Bulge_Lover said:

This is a hilarious look at the state of the average knowledge of a woman's body less than a hundred years ago. Writer thinks women pee from their vaginas and thinks sex actually stretches out said vagina.

}}

What a silly mistake though - why wouldn't women all pee during sex if they peed from their vaginas?

*008*2019-12-07 00:29

Found an official english text on wikisource

A peasant died and left three sons. On their return home from the interment of their father, the three young men took counsel together. The dead man had not been wealthy, and he bequeathed to his sons only his house and a small piece of land.

After much discussion, it was decided that the eldest should leave the house and land to his brethren, and go forth into the world to seek his fortune. If he succeeded, he would return forthwith to his brethren that they might share his good fortune, but if he did not return within a year and a day, the second brother should set out in search of him. This agreed, the eldest embraced his brethren and set forth.

Sallying from the village, he discovered two roads. In perplexity, he tossed a coin in the air, and as it fell, so he made his choice. He journeyed long without encountering aught but inns and farms, where he spent the night, renewing his quest on the morrow. At length, after travelling fifteen days, he came to a magnificent castle.

"'Tis here perchance I shall find fortune," quoth he. "I will enter the castle and seek service within."

But all the offices were filled. Going forth, he encountered the owner of the castle who was king of the countryside, and at his request the youth related his purpose in coming to this domain.

Quoth the king:

"Employment I have none to offer thee in my palace; but I have a better proposal to make. I have a daughter of the like not seen elsewhere on earth. She pisseth over the most lofty houses. All the physicians I have summoned cannot cure her, and it is a sad pity, for she is of surpassing beauty. If thou canst prevent her from pissing over the haycocks which thou shalt erect, thy fortune is made. I will give her to thee in marriage. If thou failest, thou shalt go join in their prison those imbeciles of physicians and charlatans who have already sought to succeed in this my proposal. Thou dost understand? See then if thou believest thyself capable of this achievement."

The youth, having taken counsel with himself for several moments, accepted the king's proposal. This latter, leading him within the palace, set him to dine with his wife and daughter. The Princess was a marvel of beauty, and the peasant could not satiate his eyes of her perfections. He was apportioned a chamber in the castle, what time he awaited the dav of his trial.

On the morrow the young adventurer chose a vast field, and thither caused to be borne five or six hundred loads of hay. Next he took a hundred peasants and set them to erect an enormous haycock. If the Princess doth succeed in pissing o'er this heap of hay," he thought, "I am mad." And he went to tell the king the haycock was ready.

On the morrow came the Princess; and she fell to laughing when she saw the haycock. She raised her robe and pissed high o'er the heap of hay. The youth was thunderstruck. On the order of the king, they seized the youth and cast him into a dungeon with the physicians who had essayed the venture before him.

A year and a day after the departure of his eldest brother, the second peasant set forth in his turn, taking the road followed by his brother one year before. Journeying fifteen days, he, too, came upon the castle, and, entering therein, demanded the work of a servant. Him also the king saw, putting the proposal he had made to his elder brother. Which proposal the youth accepted.

Well received by the family of the Princess, he pictured himself already the son-in-law of the king, and built project upon project for the future. He chose a vast plain, and thither caused to be borne six thousand loads of hay. Next he took one thousand labourers and set them to erect the haycock.

On the morrow the Princess approached the haycock, gave vent to a great shriek of laughter, raised her robe, and—pissed high o'er the haycock.

And the second brother went to join his elder in the dungeon of the king's palace.

The youngest peasant was sore pained in that his brethren returned not.

"Assuredly they have suffered some mischance in their travels," quoth he to himself. "'Twere ill of me did I not set forth in search of them, and render them aid in their misfortune."

He, in his turn, quitted the village. Chance took him by the same road as that taken by his brethren, and he came to the palace of the king who held them prisoner. He entered the palace, saw the king, and accepted the proposal made to him. At table he found the Princess adorable, and the Princess found him charming. This he perceived, and resolved never to quit her side. All night he dreamed of the Princess, nor did he wake till the sun was up. Then he fell to leisurely reflection.

"All the same," said he to himself, "if I succeed in taking the maidenhead of the Princess before the trial, perchance she will not piss so high. I am convinced that all dependeth on her virginity. I will attempt this method."

When day came, he arose and went to walk in the castle park. The Princess had not slept the whole night long, ever seeing the countenance of the young man. At daybreak she arose and went to walk in the park, where she encountered the young peasant.

And this last did not let slip the occasion; he approached the young girl and avowed that he died of love for her. The Princess was easy of persuasion, and one hour afterward she had lost her maidenhead. Then she re-entered the palace, the youth walking till hour of the morning meal, when he, too, entered the palace if naught had happened.

At noontide he caused to be borne into a corner of the park a single load of hay; then told the king that he was ready for the trial.

And when the king, accompanied by his daughter, approached the tiny haycock which had been erected by the young man, he cried out that the trial was not serious, and he counselled the peasant to construct a much loftier haycock. But the peasant affirmed that the heap of hay was sufficient, whereat the king ordered his daughter to piss.

Who was the most astonished? Truly the king and the Princess, when the latter only succeeded in watering her stockings, for the charming channel, wherein the young man had laboured with the girl, from being narrow, had grown great.

Judge, though she did not let the youth perceive it, was likewise satisfied. And the king gave his daughter to the young man, their nuptials were celebrated, the young peasants became princes, and all lived happily ever afterward.

