Welcome to the mansion. - Page 2

Author: Bladderbabe

*026*2018-03-18 21:07

Chapter 5

Sorry I only post on weekends! Life takes up too much of my time. P.S. if there is ever sex in a chapter I’ll say in this note, so remember to read! But this chapter is mostly fluff & chill omo! -BB

###

When the bell chimes signaling the end of dinner time, the girls stacked their dishes next to the sink in the kitchen and went to the various entertainment rooms. Left behind were Theodosia (who I found, during dinner, prefers ‘Theo’,) and Kai-Lan.

”I’ll help wash dishes!” I announced. After the delicious meal Theo made, she didn’t need any more work on her hands.

“Thank you, Elena.” Theo walked away to join the other girls.

Kai-Lan handed me rubber gloves and a sponge, turned on the radio, then stood with a towel to dry dishes.

Ed Sheeran’s “Perfect,” began to play and I started to sing quietly along.

“I found a love, for me...” I mumbled.

“You have a pretty voice, you can sing a little louder.” Kai-Lan said with a smile. She hummed and motioned for me to start again.

”Darling just dive right in, follow my lead,” I sang a little louder, and some of the girls turned to listen. I heard small footsteps walking towards the kitchen. I blushed.

“I found a girl, beautiful and sweet.” I looked at Tiana, who sat on the couch and didn’t move. We made eye contact and she blushed.

“I never knew you were the someone, waiting for me,” I sang out. I felt the eyes of the other girls who leaned over the island to listen to me. I blushed.

”’Cause we were just kids when we fell in love, not knowing what it was, I will not give you up this time,” I kept looking at Tiana. She looked at me with such beautiful green eyes and a smile that melted my heart.

She nodded for me to continue. I did.

“But darling just kiss me slow, your heart is all I own,” I set down the dish and Kai-Lan dried it. I turned off the water, took off my gloves, and walked out of the kitchen, still singing. “And in your eyes you’re holding mine...”

I turned the corner and leaned against the doorframe of the entertainment room, looking at her. Some of the girls followed. Theo stood and went to finish the dishes.

“Kids,” she mumbled under her breath.

”Baby, I’m dancing in the dark,” I walked towards the desperate Tiana in her black skater dress, and motioned for her to get up. She had her hands still stuffed between her legs, which were crossed tightly as well. “C’mon,” I whispered, reaching out my arm to her.

“With you between my arms,” I sang as she grabbed my hand and I gently pulled her up. She yelped, but quickly steadied herself. I pulled her towards me and put my hand on her hip.

”barefoot on the grass, listening to our favorite song,” I swayed her gently. She kept her legs tightly crossed, but put her arms around my neck on my shoulders.

“When you said you,”

“looked a mess,” she sang quietly along on that line. I pulled her closer.

”I whispered underneath my breath, but you heard it-“

With a small yelp, she pulled closer to me, bit my shoulder to quiet herself, and pee began to trickle down her legs.

I held her as she gently sobbed into my shoulder as her panties and legs soaked, and a puddle began to form on the ground. She moaned quietly and struggled to stay up. I wrapped my arms around her waist and held her as she shook with a small orgasm from pure relief.

Pee trickled through the rest of the song and finally the stream came to an end.

She pulled away from me and hung her head in shame.

“You look perfect tonight.” I sang quietly.

She looked up at me, her face red with blush, her eyes swollen from crying. She was beautiful, still.

“Thank you...” she mumbled.

The bell chimed for the rest of the girls to go to the toilet, shower, and get ready for bed.

Tiana and I stood, unmoving.

“Tiana and Elena to Sir’s room. Now.”

She began to cry again.

###

I really hope you guys liked this chapter! I know it’s a little cheesy but it needed to be done. Have a wonderful week! -BB

*031*2018-03-18 22:51

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

Uh oh there in trouble now but that was a excellent chapter

}}

{{36 minutes ago, Yellow⚤Rain said:

Loved this chapter, so sweet. Can't wait to see what Sir does, though.

}}

Thanks! I thought the story needed a little bit of fluff. Glad you enjoy it! -BB

{{19 minutes ago, YourFNF said:

Doesn't surprise me that this place has surveillance equipment.

Come one Elena fight back girl! Yeah the smug the bastard may have this place locked down, but a knee to the junk will drop just about anyone. Solar Plexus also works if he clenches or shifts his legs to block.

}}

Yeah, there’s cameras everywhere. Partially to make sure the girls aren’t breaking the rules and partially for sir’s enjoyment.

Hey, maybe she will. You never know. -BB

{{1 hour ago, 126 said:

I really like this story, but I don't know I linked it with 50 shades of grey. I've never seen the movie, nor read the book, but somehow there is a connection in my mind...

}}

Thank you, but it really has nothing to do with 50 shades. Maybe you think that because Sir is kinda like Christian grey with the dominance thing? But 50 shades sucks so. -BB

*034*2018-03-19 02:02

{{2 hours ago, YourFNF said:

Actually now that think about I probably would have gone to his office instead of bolting right away, back in the first post. If only because if I woke up in some rando's weird ass house after being drugged and stripped to my underwear I'd have some horrifying suspicions about what had occurred and would want to confront the person and get some answers.

}}

Pfft what’s being rational? Never heard of it -BB

*035*2018-03-19 21:23

Chapter 6

Woah, posting on a weekday!! A miracle. Also, this chapter has what looks like forced consent but I swear it’s not! There’s a whole thing that I’ll explain later that will clear up the whole thing. But still, if you’re triggered by mentions of non-con, please don’t read! Everyone else, I hope you enjoy this very intense chapter.BB

###

Tiana crumpled onto her knees and cried. I held her arms and squatted down next to her. The other girls were already gone, as they knew better than to disobey.

”I’m sorry...” she sobbed, as her dress soaked in the puddle surrounding her.

I wrapped my arms around her, careful not to touch the urine on and around her, and just sat. She cried into the crook of my neck.

”I said, Tiana and Elena to Sir’s room NOW!” yelled the loudspeaker. She just sobbed louder. She looked so embarrassed. I can only assume it wouldn’t be as bad if it wasn’t with a new girl. I definitely wouldn’t want to pee myself and orgasm in front of a girl I just met.

“Shh, shh. C’mon. We best not anger him farther.” I said as I stood up, took her hands, and helped her stand. Her legs were still shaky. She leaned against me and I felt her now-cold pee seep into my dress as well. I didn’t mind. Not my dress.

I held her around the waist with one arm as we walked towards Sir’s room.

I slowly pushed open the door. Before opening it fully, I planted a small kiss on her forehead.

“It’ll be okay.” I comforted.

I opened the door the rest of the way to see Sir sitting at his large chair behind his desk, with two chairs sitting on the other side.

“Sir, I’m so sorry-“

”Sit.” He interrupted.

I sat her down first and she hung her head, her tight brown curls falling in front of her face. I sat down in the other chair.

”Elena. Tiana. I am so... disappointed.”

His voice tried to seep it’s way into my heart but I didn’t let it.

”Tiana, you had one task. All you had to do was hold it for another thirty minutes,” he stood up and slammed his hands on the table. “Thirty minutes! I know you’re stronger than that! I thought you were going to be my masterpiece! A woman who could hold her bladder for-“

”36 hours! An ungodly amount of time, that isn’t safe for anyone!” I shouted back at him. Tiana sunk further into her chair.

”I did not ask for your input, Elena.” He walked over to Tiana and hovered over her. “I thought you wanted to impress me. I had so much... hope.” He stands in front of her and puts his hands on her shoulders. “My girl...”

I stand and slap him across the face. Tiana gasps and yells, trying to pull me away.

”Stop! I don’t want you to get hurt!”

“Get your fucking hands off of her, asshole!”

He stumbles back and into the desk. He looks up at me and Tiana, shocked. Tiana holds my arm and my face full of nothing but anger.

“How...” he wipes the blood off his lip, “bold. You’re something else, aren’t you?” He stands up and walks towards her again. I block her with my body.

”Get away from her!” I shout, rage coursing through my viens.

He grabs me by my shirt collar and drags me to the side of the room.

”Let go of me fucker!” I go for a kick in the groin, but it looks like he’s been through this before as he easily dodges.

“Stop...” I hear Tiana mumble. He ignores her and holds me down as he handcuffs me to the wall.

”Fuck you! You’re a freak! Let me out, shitface!”

He ignores me and walks away as I struggle against the handcuffs. “You’re an asshole! You fucking... Satan! Demon motherfucker!”

He walks up to Tiana who is still sat obediently in the chair. She looks at me, her eyes red with tears, and mouths,

”I’m sorry.”

She hangs her head again. Sir takes her chin and lifts up her head, looking her in the eyes.

“My girl.” He sets his hand on her shoulder, using the other to hold up her head. “Do I have your consent?”

I see such pain in her eyes, I yell again. He ignores me. She swallows loudly, and with tears still in her eyes, pee still stained on her dress, and me still handcuffed in the corner, nods.

“Fuck you!”

###

Woah! Intense chapter!! Also you’ll see later why she consents and I’ll expand on that. It’s not rape, there’s a whole thing about it I’ll explain later. But I hope you guys still like it!! -BB

*040*2018-03-23 02:32

Chapter 7

Hi! Just a little reminder to read the previous chapter, since it was posted on a weekday not many people got to see it. Also, this chapter has sexual undertones and lots of grinding, but nothing outright vulgar. Hope you enjoy! -BB

###

I try and try to get out of the handcuffs, but all I do is rub my wrists raw and wince at the stinging pain. I eventually stop, knowing it’s not getting me anywhere. At least the cuffs are chained lower on the wall, I definitely wouldn’t want to be standing.

Sir leans to Tiana and softly kisses her, and she kisses back, almost by reflex. It hurts my heart. She’s not mine, but she sure as hell isn’t his.

She shuts her eyes and leans deeper into the kiss, and I see Sir looking at me every once in a while to see if I’m watching.

I look away. The three glasses of wine I had earlier were setting in, my vision blurred and I got very sleepy and giggly.

Sir took notice of this quickly. I mean, I suppose I would notice too if a woman chained to my wall was giggling hysterically.

He sat down in his own chair and put Tiana in his lap. I watched as she grinded against him, and it made me sad. She looked almost happy. But so... fake.

He put Tiana on the desk and got on top of her, squeezing her breasts and letting his hand travel south. I heard her moan, watched her buck her hips toward his hand.

“My girl,” he whispers, so often it’s almost comedic. His girl.

I heard him unzip his fly, then he whispered something to her and she whispered something back. My wrists stung.

I remember them looking over me. I could only imagine how I looked, drunk, out of my mind, a giggling, crying mess handcuffed to a wall.

She uncuffed me and he picked me up.

I felt being carried up stairs, and I heard whispers of the other girls in the rooms near me. I no longer thrashed against him. I was limp in his arms. I heard Tiana’s soft footsteps following us. He opened a door and set me down on a bed, and tucked me in.

He kissed me on my forehead and left.

###

I awoke to a wet-haired Tiana, wearing a light blue towel, walking through the door. I wasn’t in the same green room as before, but one that was a pleasing blue color.

”Oh, you’re awake.” She said.

My head pounded and I groaned. Hello, hangover, I thought to myself.

“I’ll be right back.”

She came back dressed in soft black pajama pants and a white tank top which I could easily see her breasts through. In her hands she had a big bottle of water, Advil, and some ointment. I sat up and leaned against the wall. She gave me the Advil and poured the water into my mouth for me. She took my sore wrists and massages them with the ointment. It instantly felt much better, though one felt more sore and hurt to move it. She then wrapped my left wrist with bandages. I made a noise of confusion.

”You sprained it while you were struggling last night.”

God, last night. Memories came flooding back, of sitting in the chairs, Sir handcuffing me to the wall, his hands on her breasts, and him kissing my forehead goodnight. I sighed loudly and laid back down after she finished wrapping my wrist.

”We have the day off, so we don’t have to hold or anything. We can hang out together, or sleep, or eat a million Cheetos.”

I turned to my side so I wasn’t facing her.

”Or... you could sleep.” She exhaled and stood up.

She took a sip from her own bottle of water and sat on her bed. She held her face in her hands and steadied her breath.

”Look, I’m sorry about last night. I know it really sucked for you and I know you’re hungover but can we talk about it?”

I roll over on my back and nod.

*043*2018-03-24 02:11

{{13 hours ago, YourFNF said:

I still can't figure out why they don't just bum rush him it's so obvious. The only thing I think of is he has a gun, but indoors you could easily use furniture to block the halls and force him to engage hand to hand. I mean that's basically my active shooter plan use natural choke points to force them to engage up close, if they have a long gun it would especially hard to maneuver into a good firing angle. Once you get him on the ground just sit on him and pound his smug face till it looks like he had an argument with a belt sander.

}}

Sir is trained in martial arts and has tranquilizer. Also, all the furniture is nailed to the ground. Plus, though not mentioned yet, three bodyguards who live in a separate apartment off his room. I am not sure whether or not they will be coming into the story anytime soon, but they certainly exist and the other girls who have tried to escape quickly realize it better they not.

*044*2018-03-24 02:38

Chapter 8

I’m glad you guys are still enjoying this story! This chapter is pretty important to the story and fills some plot holes so don’t skip it! -BB

###

”I’m sorry, alright? I know Sir can be a handful, and he’s really rough sometimes, but...”

”Why did you stay here?” I interrupt. “He loves you so much. Couldn’t you ask him to let you go? Or just work by his side?”

She sighs. “He acts like that with all the girls. Some of us are really in love with him. Some of us don’t know any better. Some of us just... wanna get off.”

I stare at the ceiling, taking in her words. My headache pounds. “He seemed to like you a lot. All that ‘my girl’ shit. Don’t you want to be more than that?”

”I have no choice, Elena. Well, I have a choice as to if I want to have sex with him. He at least cares enough about that. But... I really can’t get out. We’ve all tried. Every once in a while there’s a new girl, who is scared, and believes she can get out. It hurts me to see the light in their eyes fade away as they accept their fate.”

“You’re saying we’re going to be here forever?” Tears sting at the corners of my eyes.

“Yes.”

”What about our families?”

“Your families are sent letters saying how you went on a cruise and the ship sunk, and you have not been seen since.”

“My family thinks I’m dead?”

”Probably.”

I let the tears fall. My mother, and my little brother... they think I’m dead right now. They have no idea I’m alive, stuck in a hell where girls hold their pee forever and have sex with a random man.

“Some girls have killed themselves. For other girls, this is a fantasy of theirs and they completely consent. Others just deal. At least their being fed.”

I feel vomit burn at the back of my throat. It looks like Tiana can tell I got pale and tosses a trash can at me. I catch it and vomit into it, my body both trying to get the alcohol out of my system and the sickening news inducing it as well.

I try to stand up, but I get dizzy and my vision gets blurry. I fall toward and Tiana catches me.

“Woah there, girl. Lay back down.” She tries to lead me to my bed but I crawl into hers. She sighs and sits next to me as I cry into her pillow.

”I’m sorry. I don’t want any other girl to go through this.”

“Did you have sex with him?” I manage to get out between sobs.

”Yes.”

“Why?”

“Because otherwise he would have punished you.”

I cry out loudly. She climbs under covers next to me and sighs loudly. She turns over and spoons me, and I let her. I cry until I run out of tears. She has me drink water, and then helps me to the bathroom where I pee and then throw up again. Then she carries me back and lays me back down on her bed.

She sits next to me on the side of the bed, her legs dangling off the side. I doze off.

I awake to the light from the windows few inches over, and her sobbing into her hands next to me.

I sit up and wrap my arms around her.

“I’m sorry,” she sobs.

”I’m sorry too.”

###

I know this chapter was a little short but I figured some holes needed filling and some time be spent alone with Tiana and Elena. Hope you enjoyed.

P.s. I bought cute pajamas with pugs on them today. -BB

*049*2018-03-24 18:19

{{12 hours ago, YourFNF said:

Wait people actually believe the whole cruise ship letter bullshit? Without a death certificate? And what happens when they contact the company demanding answers or try to file suit? I guarantee you this would not fool the life insurance company if the person had a plan.

Yeah if I was in this situation zero fucks given. Either Shitlord dies or I do but I'm going down swinging. I figure that's the one advantage I have, I'm fighting all out and would be willing to do borderline suicidal things to win. Like say tackling the bastard offer the banister or dislocating joints to get out of restraints. Although my first thought would still be punch or kick out window. I don't give two shits if it's like lexan or something, if I grab a heavy object and Keep going at it for several days it's going to break eventually floor lamp could work or maybe a heavy skillet? Actually that might not be bad plan just annoy the fuck out of the dude and make his life hell till he gets sick of having me around.

}}

Like I’ve said earlier, Sir is trained in martial arts and had tranquilizer. All heavy objects are nailed to the ground, the windows are made of hammer glass. The family and coworkers get a forged death certificate. Sir also has armed guards who live in an apartment off the main building, disguised to look like a garage.

Besides, you really are reading too much into this. It’s fiction, and I’m choosing how to write it. Please respect that.

- BB

{{20 minutes ago, AliasnameTO said:

YourFNF, I'm not sure the story is supposed to be an exercise for the reader's survivor spirit. God knows I indulge in thinking I'd do this or that, but I'm a guy who's young, 6'2", and works as an armed guard. Not everyone is any degree of fighter. In this case I'd prefer to trust the author's judgment for the cast and see what happens.

All that said this story is super creepy but still quite good. Color me a follower. :)

}}

Thank you! And thanks again for trusting my judgement. -BB

{{12 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Great chapter

}}

Thanks!

