Wonder Woman’s accident

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-01-23 01:32

Diana Prince drank lots of Coke and water yesterday. She could not get up so she went back to sleep and remembering her life in Themyscira, but her bladder started work make her mind remember her accidents in Themyscira. She started remaining when she peed on Steve Trevor’s leg, it was Thursday morning when she saw Steve’s plane crashing down. Before this she drank five cups of water, she was meant to release into the sea water but saw Steve. She had to hold it in so she jumped down felling a squirt of pee making her panties damp and running down her legs. She splashed into the water and found Steve’s body and brought him to shore. She felt another squirt of pee escaping out of her pussy, she kept examining Steve’s body and not focusing on her desperation. She could not hold it anymore and peed through her skirt and peeing on Steve’s leg and she felt embarrassed by this.

Then she remembered when she peed herself in front of Steve. She drank a lot of water and went to the pools to bathe instead of the bathroom, she saw Steve naked and she put her hands on her bladder/pussy and Steve walked to her as she ask him what’s that in front of his belly? He said it’s his weinner, Diana said that she’s got one to but without the long thing hanging down. She then tried taking of her skirt but then let out a squirt of pee out then pulled down her pants. Then pulled down her panties then another squirt of pee come out of her pussy, she then pulled it down to her legs and stop crossing her legs. Then she could not hold it anymore and when she said this is my weinner she let it go and her peeing started coming out. She felt embarrassed and emotional as Steve hugged her and said “it’s alright”

@@And her last one when see peed herself 9 year old girl. All the toilets in the bathrooms stopped working and all the Amazonin girls had to pee at the edge of cliffs, this one time Diana had to go because she kept drinking water and so she did. When she got their the places where all taking and she had to hold it in a 15 year old girl finish and Diana went to her place to pee. She had trouble take her skirt off, so tried, tried and tried but couldn’t take it off. She tried a mor time and it worked, now she had to hold it in until she had take her panties off. It was hard because of the splashing of the sea, other girls peeing and girls pouring drinks for other girls. She felt a squirt of pee coming out and dampening her panties, she then tried continued pulling it down she got it half way between pussy and legs, when she felt another squirt coming from her pussy out makings her panties wetter. Then got it down to her legs where she couldn’t hold it anymore and release it into her white panties, as she felt the golden hot pee warming her making her panties very wet. As she then waited in the bathroom until her panties got dry before going back home.

She stopped her dreams to awake to find why was she feeling wet, she opened the sheets and found out that she wet the bed. She took off her pyjamas and went to then bathroom to poo naked. She sat on the toilet pooing and think about her bed wetting accident.

