The Spy And Witch Who Pissed Themselves: An Avengers FanFiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2019-05-25 23:03

Natasha Romanoff was in the kitchen drinking water and she saw her new friend Scarlet Witch passing by. So she went over to talk with her, Nat asked her how’s it being part of the Avengers? Wanda looked scared or worried about something, but she replied with “Yes it’s been very good and I like you a lot.” Nat was amazed because she actually liked her, she replied with “Thank you.” Just then Wanda was about to say something, but then she kept fidgeting. Wanda stopped and then she started wetting her leather pants, this was so embarrassing for her as Black Widow looked at her blankly, but in her mind enjoyed watching her wet herself. Wanda stopped and she was so scared that she could soil herself any minute now. She was to embarrassed that she didn’t say anything not even sorry, Nat loved this so much that she wanted Wanda to wet herself again for her entertainment rather than real desperation.

Romanoff just then felt the urge to pee, she was happy Nat doesn’t have a fetish for wetting herself, she accidentally wet herself In the battle of New York by her lack of ability to hold her floodgates in.

Nat realised that her desperation doubled and now she had to make her move. She didn’t quite feel like at good wetting, so she decided To use the bathroom like any other person. She went to the main bathroom, locked Bruce was in there, lucky there is more. She went downstairs with the lift and Hawkeye was in there, “Oh shit!” Natasha said, she then remembered the toilet near Iron Man’s working area.

She made her way there but Tony was inside, she just remembered that there was also one just near the laundry hopefully Thor wasn’t in there. She made her way up the lift but when she was going up she lost a bit of control as she started to slightly pee her red panties, that was her first drop. She regained control and whispered to herself “Your a spy you shouldn’t have this problem when you need to pee.” When she became a spy they taught her how to hold her pee in for hours without any leakages and it seems like that her training is fading, her ability to hold so much and no accidents is running away.

She even barely made it through the battle of Sokovia, she peed herself during the battle which to her she liked but still never gave her a fetish. When she got to the first floor where this next bathroom is and it was true exactly like what she predicted to happen came true, Thor was in it. She just remembered that her bedroom has a bathroom there, so she went back down using the lift. When inside she couldn’t help it but she dampened her panties a bit with her second squirt of pee which was thicker and more powerful to dampen her whole panties.

She did regain control as the lift reached floor 2 (the bedrooms), she ran out but felt a small drop escape her clutches, so she slowed down. Nat opened her room and ran to the bathroom, she shut the door and start taking off her suit. Her built came off but her zip was stuck “Oh fuck!” She cried while moaning after “I’m, I’m, I’m going to wet myself!” She now was moaning non stop trying again and again with her stuck zipper. Just immediately after she moaned once more her body let go and her floodgates opened. She started peeing, hot piss running down her already damp panties through to her legs and down her black boots. She stood there enjoying her relief as this felt more warmer than any of the times she had an accident in mid battle.

Once Ms Romanoff’s floodgates closed she opened her eyes and then loved wetting herself, she finally got a kink for it. Now she just wanted to keep it a secret, she even wounded if she told Scarlet Witch about this. Is thought she had a peeing fetish because she always acted weird and just had the right personality for it or maybe Nat was wrong and she didn’t have this fetish or any fetish more any matter. “Maybe she even discovered it when she peed in front of me earlier” Nat said, that could be right or it was just her imagination. Natasha Romanoff, who was once a Russian spy now an Avenger and pee lover too.

To Be Continued...

*002*2019-06-01 22:35

Nat wants to put on some jeans and a black t-shirt, but she couldn’t she still could not unzip herself still. She thought of what to do, it was completely stuck and her urine did not help open her zipper. But when she wore something like jeans with a stuck zipper and pissed in them, they can open now. This did not happen to her now, but she has to think of ideas for her to take it off and at least get naked.

1. She should borrow some of Tony’s oil to put on the zipper

2. She should cut a big hole in the suit, but she couldn’t the materials are only Russian leather.

3. She could wetting it wth water in a shower

4. She could try to break the zip with a knife

That’s what she thought to do and now she just had to pick which one to choose from.

Meanwhile: Scarlet Witch was in her room naked but only wearing her red jacket. She immediately got desperate to pee, must’ve had a lot to drink while Nat had her accident. Then she said to herself “I have to pee!” She said with a smile on her face. She grabbed herself and walked over to her closet where her old clothes were. She picked out a size 32 black laced panties, Wanda wore this in the battle of Sokovia.

In the battle she felt desperate to pee and she almost held it in throughout the battle, mainly by using her magic making her bladder bigger. Anyway when her brother Quicksilver died she could feel that he died and she crouched down and screamed with killed most of Ultron’s minions, but in the process she pissed herself lucky that her black skirt hid the fact she had an accident like a little child.

She actually loved it so she began getting hooked on it and always had secret accidents, which was deliberate in her new life in America. She put her black laced panties on and then while getting it on she let out a squirt of pee that dripped on the floor. She then walked into her wetting space which was near her wardrobe. It was big and had a mat on the floor so she wouldn’t pee on the carpet there.

She felt another squirt escape her clutches and went on the floor. She made it there to her wetting area, she stood in the middle and waited to let go and wet herself. Meanwhile, Natasha finally picked what one to choose the first one. She immediately went down to Tony’s work area to borrow some oil. When the lift arrived there Tony wasn’t there which was also great because she didn’t want to have an awkward conversation about her zipper. She spotted it instantly, it was in a yellow coloured tin, anyway she grabbed it, opened it and used it. Nat spayed a lot on the zipper and it worked she pulled down and exposed her tits and she zipped it back up.

She went back up on the lift and get changed. Meanwhile Wanda was still waiting and then finally her floodgates opened, it was very hot and she could feel it gushing in panties. She loved it went it touched her ass she moaned loud as she enjoyed her purposely staged wetting and she enjoyed these very much, she wondered how she might have a boyfriend and telling him her secret would like it or will he not date her anymore. She just needs to pick the right man and hopefully he has the right tools for the shed like her, but it didn’t matter.

It was only if he respected that he was dating a girl who loved to wet herself on propose. Nat got to her room got naked put on her jeans with no panties and t-shirt. She walked out and went to see Scarlet Witch. Wanda used her magic to open the as she could hear Nat knocking, but couldn’t be there to open the door. Nat walked in and found Wanda’s suit she just wet in the kitchen laying on her bed and then she noticed her walking and saw her panties she just wet 2 minutes early.

To Be Continued...

*004*2019-06-08 22:14

Nat looked at her friend, she saw her in wet panties. Nat was right all along “ I was right.” She said, “You do have a peeing fetish and I can’t believe it’s you. Yeah I just had a big accident also I couldn’t take off my zipper and I wet myself in my leather outfit. I’m completely naked under these jeans, just to let you know.” Scarlet Witch starred at her friend and thought of if she would tell her the secret.

“Nat I am going to tell you something secret and don’t tell anyone!”

“I won’t Wanda.” Said Nat, “Ok then, many years before the battle of Sokovia and when I was still bad, my brother took me see what’s going on at the church. There we find Ultron, while he’s talking to us and later I fell desperate for a pee. I informed my brother and so we left early, so then we had to find somewhere for me to pee.

As I was chasing my brother I stopped and ordered him to look for it myself because my bladder is getting bigger and it’s at that stage when you can’t run because it’s full. So anyway he did come back and found two spot for me couldn’t believe it I was so pleased, but then I felt that I let out some pee and I was scared. Brother I’m started to wet myself! I said with a scared look on my face.

I thought to myself hopefully I can make it, I’m literally going to burst and I can’t let myself have an accident like a baby. My brother grabbed me as he ran straight to the bathrooms he saw, when we arrived I got off him as I felt myself leaking. I took my legs off him as I grabbed my crotch immediately and I started doing the pee pee dance as I walked to the bathrooms he was talking about.

It felt bad I could feel it trying to push out and just then it started. I started pee the hot piss running down my legs felt so warm, I loved the feeling of my pee wetting the fabrics of my leather pants. I couldn’t helped it I cried in relief, tears running down my eyes I loved it. I probably spent along time loving the fact that I had an accident.”

“So yeah that’s my story.”

“Wanda I loved it, well it was also more sexier and more better than my one.” Nat left as her friend couldn’t believe that Nat loved her wetting story, maybe she should change up and try different wetting styles in order to see which one she loved the best.

She took off her wet panties and wondered if she should try panty pooping maybe she would like it or not. She sat there completely naked and reflecting on her past accidents and then she had to have a good accident here in America and she hasn’t had a great one here, well maybe on the Helicarrier were she pissed herself in a medical test and when she got drunk and forgot where the bathroom was and ended up in the hanger and peed in a empty box that was probably filled with guns or tech.

To Be Continued...

*005*2019-06-29 22:23

Natasha walked back to the lifts to go to the living room, Wanda still naked reflects on her past wetting and thinks to herself maybe I should try panty pooping. Maybe she should try to shit herself once or more, but she never enjoyed it, she rememberers when she was again still evil and pooped herself by accident. She bought some food, actually a lot and when she was finally down, a strange feeling starting happening at 10 minutes later. She thought it was her bladder trying to release her piss and thought let it be, but another 10 minutes later she found out that she had to poo because she kept farting loudly.

She ran as fast as she could to the nearest restrooms, she found it but left her brother thinking she got lost. Anyway she ran inside and to find out that all the stalls are locked, she knew she wouldn’t make it to the other bathrooms and so let it happen here. She did not want that she bent over and grabbed her ass, then moved up and started sprinting, but it was no use nothing worked. She then immediately started to shit herself, one droll of her shit came out and landed in her panties and then another one. Just then a stall open she screamed out in glee and the lady walked out and she went in.

Then she took off her leather pants and inspected her panties, it was ruined she could not wear it again. She felt her body wanting to release more, so she sits down and then releases into the toilet and felt good. When she was finally finished she zipped up everything and left, Wanda always remembered that story, anyway Natasha made it downstairs and then sat watching TV she then drank a lot of water and then in less than a minute she fell asleep.

”Natasha, GET UP!” A familiar voice said to her, she did what the man said to do, she was thinking about the days she was a Russian spy and the man was her instructor. Then she sees herself obviously much younger saying something to a different man, then her memories reminded her, “Excuse me sir but where are is bathroom?” She says. “Now Natasha”, the man says “You do know that when you’re much older you can’t be running off to use the restrooms in mid fight! Look you either have to face the facts and wet yourself or you could learn how to hold more longer.

The thought of hold her bladder longer makes her brain think about her desperation, she then ends up peeing herself right there as a large gigantic puddle of piss pooling all around her. She then cries, her older self just then had an accident and her instructor looks at her and says “It’ll be ok Nat.” Nat looks up and the thought of her as a spy faded into being on the Helicarrier, where she sees Hawkeye and Nick Fury speaking together as she sees herself again, but this time 4 years different from what she is today. She was dressed in her all leather attire she wore in the Battle Of New York from when the Avengers were formed.

She looked up to see her other self grabbing her crotch area and immediately needs to go, she screams at Fury and Clint “LISTEN I HAVE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM, I NEED TO PEE SO FUCKING BADLY! NOW DO YOU WANT ME TO HAVE AN ACCIDENT!!!” They both replied with a no and Hawkeye leads the way they get there and Nat walks in she then takes off her clothes and pisses with force and she moans quite loud and has a complete organism, she stands up and then enjoys her naughty antics.

Nat woke up and immediately found out she wet herself while dreaming. She then takes off her suit and wet panties and lays naked on the couch and I wonder if Wanda is still nude and probably now sleeping like me just before.

To Be Continued...

