Class president elections can be a chore

Author: Biku

*000*2019-04-20 00:53

Remember when Michael Jordan tried baseball?

###

Anna wouldn't allow anything but success today, she had the debate prior to the student council president election and she had to make sure to ace it, Ellen shouldn't get the position, she wouldn't be as good. She wasn't Anna after all. After getting out of the shower she got herself ready. She let her long blonde hair go open save for a bit of it covering her forehead. She felt it gave a divine vibe, descending the curves of her decently sized bosom. The thought was too ludicrous to be stated out loud but it went into her head everytime she saw herself in the mirror. She got herself into a set of pink bra and panties with red polka-dots.

When she first saw that pair at the store, her strict side mocked the mere thought of wearing those. A leader should wear something simple and to the point like regular whites. Or maybe something more mature like black lace. Her girly side thought they were really cute. and bought them instantly. They did give her butt a perky vibe. Not that anyone was allowed to see that, she'd snap their necks with her glare in an instant. The blazer and pantyhose combined with the regular red school uniform had always been a favorite of hers, it felt elegant, professional even.

She went to the kitchen, ate some toast and calmly sipped a cup of freshly made coffee to keep her on her feet. She went early to the school. It began at 9 and the debate was at 1 but she liked to keep her times under control. Too much control perhaps, but it wasn't a cause for trouble. Ellen looked at Anna from the other side of the classroom, trying to skewer her with her sharp green eyes. Anna had always been good with speeches, she was perhaps a bit too square but she had a sort of serene energy that always got her good results. Ellen wanted an edge on the situation, since she knew otherwise she would lose. She brainstormed many ideas as to how victory could be ensured and she stayed with one.

Vivi was a known tea enthusiast, always having tea parties every friday after school. But after someone brought a clever idea to her, she brought the party to the classroom. She came offering green tea, which had always been Anna's favorite, and it was pretty evident seeing how she pleasuredly drank 3 cups after Vivi happily offered refillings. Class began at 9 as always, but this time it was a bit different, after all, Anna usually just had a cup of coffee, and now she had four times the amount of liquid circulating through her. And her bladder was acting accordingly

"I might've gone too far with the tea..." Anna thought to herself, feeling slightly tense. She wasn't in a dire state yet, but she was more concerned with how the long terms of those liquids might fare on her.

"Aren't tea and coffee slightly diure-, never mind that, I'm giving it too much thought"

The class continued and Anna's kidneys were pumping constantly throughout the 3 periods, a weight in her lower abdomen beginning to make itself known. After that class was over, there was the lunch period. Anna already was feeling her bladder was perhaps a bit fuller than the safe amount, but lunch was lunch, routine is sacred. She was going to eat and then she could go to the take care of what so far was just bothersome. While she was eating some tuna bread she had made herself, Ellen started handing over muffins to the class. Then she got over to Anna.

"Take it as a good luck charm, no need to keep things tense between us right?"

Anna looked at the muffin she was given, looking a bit greener than the rest. "What, is this a vegan one or something?"

"Hey, save your sass for the debate, I'm just trying to do something cute" Ellen spouted, passing her actual frustration as jest.

Anna ate the muffin without giving it much further thought. But then she felt an ardor in her mouth. Ever growing. Incendiary. Anna ran out of the classroom and into the water fountain outside of the classroom, gulping away, seconds on end, as if she'd just gone through a desert. Her mouth was thankful it didn't have fire inside it anymore but other organs of her were starting to pay the price.

"Hey what the hell was that?!" Anna spouted at Ellen angrily, Ellen looking at her with the poker face of a master gambler.

"What, you don't like my wasabi muffins? It's a family recipe"

"How is this a family recipe?"

"Maybe you're too much of a lightweight"

The muffin was basically wasabi dough, but Ellen was better off not letting that little fact be known. During this argument, Anna felt a strong pang on her bladder. She just realized the situation, all that water she just drank was going somewhere. And it would have to go somewhere else after that. Just when she was about to leave to take care of it, the bell rang, indicating students had to go to the auditorium for the debate, the little number provocated by the wasabi apparently had taken the remainder of recess. And there was no way Anna could be late to the debate, much less for such a...crass reason.

As the students sat to get ready for the debate, both Anna and Ellen got their mics on their blazers and went up to the stage, which had a podium, a desk for the moderator and two desks for both of the candidates. Anna was first to give her speech, talking about how the cafeteria's cooking pot was used for beetle fighting by the cooks after school, how all the budget for the science lab went to design a logo that was supposed to raise the school's image but most definitely looked like a coil of poop and how the computer room had only 2 power outlets. All the ranting in her proposals was perfect for disguising what was not really anger from her, but tense panic. Her lower abdomen certainly felt bulging, her legs were trembling to an extent, it was already taking some effort to not let her inner contents gush out of her. After a very abridged version of what was an hour speech in planning, Anna went back to her seat and let Ellen take the podium.

Anna was trying to keep it together as Ellen kept delivering her speech. Slowly. Very slowly, as if being dragged out on purpose. Something about student representation, Anna wasn't sure, she wasn't able to pay attention, she had her focus somewhere else. She did not want to fidget visibly but at this point there was not much she could do. She was constantly shifting her weight from one buttock to the other, both hands pushing hard on her skirt and tensed every muscle she could, she wasn't going to take risks. After all, a second of relaxation could spell disaster for her. But the weight on her bladder kept dragging it down, straining her tired sphincter ever more, bit by bit, both her body and mind getting tired of carrying the growing burden. Growing into the impossible.

A drop. The dam, firm and unwilling to relent was still doing its best against a flood that unfortunately was too big for it. Two, three, slow and little but constant. Then they came in pairs. And in thirds. Anna could feel it. Oh god could she feel it. Her inner dam pounded relentlessly and every drop taking away a bit of her willpower, ever increasingly leaking out. She was panicking, she had done all there was to be done, but the demand was unchanging and stronger, stronger, and st-

“I GOTTA GO, I’M SORRY” She blurted out as she lifted herself from her seat, already taking impulse to run away from the stage and to her escape, lifting her skirt a bit. The ones who did not blink at that second all had a craving for peaches that day.

”Hey, the presentation isn’t over”

”I KNOW, I CAN’T EXPLAIN RIGHT NOW, I’M SO SO SO SORRY”

The moderator was not able to stop Anna, and even if he was, he probably wouldn’t have, as he then figured out it might have undesired consequences to say the least. Thankfully the whole school was watching the presentation so the toilets were empty. But she still had to get to one. A human being can only go so far, especially one bursting at the seams. She wobbled out of the auditorium, through the halls, and to the restrooms. The halls, usually bustling, were empty, not a soul to watch Anna's unvoluntary, leaky, show.

She darted into one of the stalls, but as soon as she entered it, a vicious pang nearly got Anna off her feet. Her face contorting in effort to delay the inevitable just a bit longer, legs twitching, weakened by the constant strain and hands frantically searching for where that damned pantyside might be. She yanked them out of the way, no need to lift the skirt up as it lifted itself by the sheer force of Anna flinging herself into the toilet, still dribbling, several shades of darker pinks appearing on her crotch. Gravity did its work, her ample posterior was finally swallowing the porcelain its owner so desperately wanted. As soon as this was understood by the more primal part of her brain, there was an order given. The golden gates were to be opened. High pressure was instantly applied to the inner bowl, a golden jet stream striking it relentlessly, as some of it dripped to her buttocks.

Anna’s face was glistening red, either from the exertion of this whole ordeal, which had left her soaked in sweat; the utter embarrassment of running away in the middle of the debate like a child; but most likely from the constant pumping of endorphins going on in her brain. Pupils dilated and eyelids moving up and down. Lips going in circles and curves, knuckles that finally were getting some blood flow to them and feet that tapped ever so slightly, being swept side to side by the waves flowing between them, which kept going and going, the warmth of her nethers mixing with the coolness of the liquids, causing many shivers. poor Anna being only able to spout variants of “Aaaaaah~” which certainly were too loud for a school toilet. Maybe any toilet for that matter.

Consciousness drifted back to Anna bit by bit, gaining awareness of her surrounding. She took a glance at her panties. The pink polka-dots were now invaded by shades which she feared could turn into yellows. Right now she could only hope her ludicrous water consumption made her liquids clear enough to avoid that sad of a fate to the adorable cotton garments. Her body collapsed into the throne, looking like the one of a runner after a marathon, except for the face, which remitted to the aftermath of less public activities. The gush became a stream and then a dribble. Her mind could finally process what had just happened, although barely, still clouded. She rose as fast as her battered body could, and got her panties back on, getting a shiver from the cold wetness making contact with her (now high) body warmth.

She got out of the stall and stumbled back to the stage which had been so tortuous to her just minutes ago, completely oblivious to the show the students had gotten. Apparently the mic they had attached to the blazers was wireless. Very wireless. Many on the hall visibly blushing. Ellen pleasured in the situation she'd created. Sure, pissing herself on stage would've been more of a hit to her reputation, but this was the next best thing to her plan on making people not vote for Anna, who got beet red when she understood what had been heard back at the stall. By the whole school.

The moderator got to the microphone, nose dripping with blood. He could've disqualified Anna for the unwarranted show, but he definitely wasn't angry enough to do anything about it. They were many other feelings, and all of them implied jailtime.

"Well, you've heard their proposals, let your voices be known kids" Said the moderator trying to keep as serious a facade as he could.

Anna won by a landslide, Ellen viciously banging her head against a wall when she found out the results. A later poll revealed that 80% of the students remembered almost nothing of the debate except for the unscripted incident, 60% of this percentage being men. Anna then became school president, assertive as ever, but maybe a bit more elusive to direct staring from the students that had been on the first rows that day.

