Velma’s desperate relief: A Scooby Doo Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-02-02 21:36

It was 7:10 AM in Crystal Cove, the other member of the Mystery Gang, Velma Dinkley lay in her bed with her white panties and exposing her boobies as she was sleeping. Her alarm went off as she got up, Velma always liked wetting the bed in the mornings only on a Monday every week. She drank heaps of water on Sunday and hold it in until Monday morning, she was very good at holding her pee in as she was trained by herself when she was 13 and when she wet herself outside the bathroom. That taught her to train her bladder to hold in her pee or often. Velma now wanted to let her pussy to let out her golden hot pee to wet the bed, Velma then let go anything she was touching.

She waited for her pee to come, it did not come out so, she grabbed her iPhone and went on YouTube and played rain noises to help make her piss the bed. She lay on her bed with her legs sped out waiting for her to pee herself. Velma’s bladder become full and she felt a squirt of pee coming out and dampening her panties, Velma felt good it as starting to happen that she would wet the bed. Another squirt came out from her hairy pussy and she waited for her flood gates to open and she waited and waited until her flood gates to opened up to pee.

She felt her pee coming out as she tried to push it out of her bladder to pussy amd to release it out. She saw on her white panties getting darker in colour on her pussy area she has started peeing her panties in her bed. Her backside was soaking wet as that’s where she wet the bed, she got up she inspected her bed wetting accident that happened on purpose asnd Velma took off her wet panties and got dressed in her orange jumper, her red skirt, her long orange socks and her red shoes. She walked to downstairs to have breakfast she had her breakfast and drank a lot of orange juice and waited for Fred to come in the Mystery Machine, with Scooby, Shaggy and Daphne.

Velma had already had to pee when they left the other town, two hours ago, and was hoping the gang would stop soon for food. That way she could sneak off and a have a pee while everyone stocked up on food. Unfortunately, when they did stop, the fast food joint didn’t have working restrooms (of course). Velma said “Oh of all the times to find a mystery, it had to be now?” She was worse still, Freddy got a tip about a haunted mansion up the street. Obviously, they couldn’t pass up an opportunity like that! And so, after some burgers and Cokes (and Velma rather reluctantly eating and drinking), the Mystery, Inc. van took off down the road to the haunted mansion.

The bumps literally killed Velma’s bladder, and she had to keep her legs squeezed together tightly and squirming in her seat. Not that it was hard to pass off, as the front seat wasn’t really as roomy as it seemed. But she knew soon enough she would have to either find a toilet or press her hand to her pussy to hold back the flood. She looked down as Freddy parked, noticing her tummy poke out from her orange sweater. God, she was really full, wasn’t she?

That hope was dwindling fast as she opened the fourth door, her face layered in sweat, and her stomach protruding from out her shirt. She was in so much pain she was close to tears. What kind of horrible house was this? She’d found a bedroom, another bedroom, a study, and apparently this room was some sort of library of smut. But still no bathroom. Velma groaned for the millionth time that day, the disappointment of not finding a toilet grating on her nerves. As she turned to leave, however, she felt the first few drops of urine escape her. Her panties was thin, not exactly made for absorbing pee, and so the liquid splashed onto the floor with relative ease.

Oh god, she had started to wet herself. The drops continued for a second or so before Velma grasped her crotch to hurriedly plug the flood. There was nothing she could do now. If she moved her hand to walk somewhere, she was definitely wet herself. But she couldn’t just stand here forever, could she? Velma sighed, hopping in place and trying desperately to keep from peeing. There was no other choice, she would just have to yank down her panties and pee right here on the floor. She already had a full bladder and she felt the other drop of pee escape her pussy and making her panties wetter. She pulled down her skirt and her wet panties and decided to relieve herself right here. Velma sat with her legs squatting on the floor and her pee came out and peed on the floor and saw Daphne coming and she pulled down her pants, also panties and the two girls relived themselves both squatting and peeing

To be continued

*003*2018-02-03 11:25

No. Me too I liked the story.

