Wyldstyle’s acciedent: A LEGO Movie Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-02-03 23:43

In the Old West, Wyldstyle sat on a chair waiting for Emmet to come out of the men’s bathroom, she ordered a drink and another one finally he come out. Wyldstyle keeps asking for more drinks, she must of had five or six drinks before they went to see Vitruvius.

They went to see Vitruvius as they were ambushed by Lord Business’s army and they fled on horseback to find a dark mysterious person. They find them and the only way to escape is to jump onto the train, Wyldstyle’s bladder starts working as when it jumps in the area a squirt of pee comes out and dampening her white panties.

They get on the train as Wyldstyle, Emmet and Vitruvius ran all the way to the front of the train to escape the robots chasing after them as Wyldstyle felt her pussy felling uncomfortable in her damp panties and pants. As she hold her hand on her pussy it block her from wetting her pants while running but she was ahead so that Emmet doesn’t have to say “Wyldstyle what are you doing?”

They kept running and was almost there, Wyldstyle kept saying “c’mon Lucy hold it in and find a bathroom at Cloud Cuckoo Land. She kept thinking why did she drink 5 or 6 drinks before did she even care about her bladder and her desperation? Her underwear was thin, not exactly made for absorbing pee, Oh god, she had started to wet herself.

The drops continued for a second or so before Wyldstyle grasped her crotch to hurriedly plug the flood. There was nothing she could do now. If she moved her hand to run somewhere, she would definitely wet herself. But she couldn’t just stand here forever, could she?

Wyldstyle sighed, hopping in place and trying desperately to keep from peeing. They finally got to the end of the train, there was no other choice they had to jump again. “1, 2, 3 jump!” They all jumped and Wyldstyle’s bladder let out another squirt of hot pee into her hairy pussy and made her panties wetter. Just the a winged ship shaped like a bat came letting them jump inside, it was Batman. Lucy squirmed and her bladder throbbing in her seat, they left the old west by flying into the sun.

They got into Middle Zealand when Batman turned the Batwing into the Batmobile. Batman drove the Batmobile onto the rainbow as the way you drove up it made her bladder feel very uncomfortable as her she felt the her bladder started trying to open and release her pee.

Finally they got to the top, Batman parked the car and started walking. Wyldstyle had to pretend that she got to the temple before them so that she could pee alone. There was no other choice, she would just have to yank down her panties and pee right here on the cloud, she couldn’t hold it in for much longer while trying to yank down her pants then her panties she started wetting herself her pants were getting darker in colour and the liquid splashed onto the cloud and fell onto the grasslands Of Middle Zealand. She ran all the ran all the way to Batman and the others.

