An Empress' Experience

Author: BurstingStory

*000*2019-06-21 18:43

(After a little bit of thought, I decided to go ahead and begin writing the idea I had for a Dishonored fanfiction. If there is enough interest, I'll continue writing it.)

Standing in her chambers, the former Empress of the Isles, Emily Kaldwin stood around, trying to comprehend what had just happened. Just that same day, she was the proud empress of a powerful kingdom with her Royal Protector and her father, Corvo Attano by her side. However, the day later took a drastic turn for the worst.

Her supposed long lost sister Delilah had showed up, along with one of her allies to claim what she felt what was rightfully hers. Despite her best efforts, Delilah managed to trap Corvo in stone, leaving Emily all alone and without any allies. She would have to use her wits and abilities in order to escape from her former home, Dunwall Tower.

Emily took a deep breath and collected herself. She quickly made a mental note of things she would have to do. She would have to find a way out of the tower, leave the city, and find a bathroom along the way.

Preparing for the day's events, Emily made sure to keep herself hydrated. It would be a long day, and she knew she would have to keep her energy up to last the day's events. She had consumed plenty of water throughout the morning, planning to have a relaxing afternoon afterwards. With everything that was going on, and her necessary escape from the tower, her day would be far from relaxing.

Now, Emily was feeling the effects of her water intake. She knew that there was likely no opportunity of using a restroom in a hostile environment, with guards patrolling the premises, with orders to attack her on sight. There were plenty of facilities, but Emily knew that any bathroom in Dunwall Tower was virtually a death sentence due to the loud noise the toilet would create and draw everyone to her position.

At the same time, Emily knew she had to escape the tower immediately and she couldn't do that by standing in the chambers all day. She looked at the open window and took a long deep breath. She had to escape, and now was the time to do it. Emily climbed out onto the balcony and looked down. It was a far way down, with no chance of surviving if she fell. She calmly walked on the narrow balcony, careful not to make any sudden movements. With every step, she could feel her bladder twinge slightly, under the tight uniform that she wore. It was becoming quite a distraction, taking away from her mission to escape.

However, Emily pushed on and made her way to an empty window. Quickly hopping inside, she noticed the dead guards that were loyal to her, but were slain. However, she noticed one guard still alive and she made her way over to her.

"Lady Emily, you're alright, I was worried..." The guard muttered out, clearly wounded pretty badly. "Where's the Royal Protector?" She followed up with, as Emily came closer over towards her.

"There's a coup underway, my father is...he's imprisoned for lack of a better word." Emily responded with, looking down at the guard, frowning slightly.

"You've got to get out of the Tower, through your safe room. There was a captain, earlier today, down at the docks, looking for the Royal Protector. Find her, get out of Dunwall." The guard spoke calmly, before handing Emily her personal sword, which she held in her hands.

She slowly stood up and collected herself. If what the guard said was true, she could have a potential escape down at the docks, which would help her escape the hostile territory that had become of the surroundings. Emily was determined to reach the docks...and to try and not wet herself in the process.

*002*2019-06-21 23:50

Any feedback is great! I want to make sure everyone enjoys the story, and so I can become a better writer!

*005*2019-06-24 23:49

Walking through a narrow corridor, Emily began to grow quite frightened due to her ordeal. She had to endure the pain of watching her close allies die in front of her, and also her own pressing needs, of the mighty Empress of the Isles wetting herself. She could already imagine the headlines that would be printed throughout her kingdom, "Emily Kaldwin, former Empress found both dead and wet!"

However, there was one thing that needed to be done before she could make her escape from the tower. Emily was determined to eliminate one of the people who had helped orchestrate the coup. She knew he would be in the throne room, and was determined to exact her vengeance upon him. Even if she had other needs, this was quite important to her, and she was determined to make it happen in some way.

Emily soon arrived at the base of the throne room, where two guards were addressing the traitor, as he sat on the throne that was once her own. She gritted her teeth, before she looked down, feeling a pulsing sensation ring out.

Emily could already feel her bladder becoming more full by each passing minute. Every beverage that she consumed was now trickling its way into her bladder, and making its presence known to the woman. Even something as simple as adjusting her outfit was made complicated by her bladder.

Despite her increasing desperation, Emily knew she had to complete her goal. She waited patiently, as the two guards soon left, leaving Emily to enact her plan. She slowly snuck around and came onto the back of the throne, as she noticed the man looking a different way, oblivious to her presence. She angrily narrowed her eyes as she quickly wrapped her arm around his neck, and squeezed tightly. He struggled mightily, thrashing his arms and legs around trying to get free. However, Emily's grip was too strong, and he soon fell unconscious. She picked him up, and began to take him down to a safe room, where he would be locked inside for a while.

Unfortunately for Emily, as the man was thrashing around, he managed to send a large jab into her lower abdomen, directly where a noticeable bulge was present and growing by the minute. As if on cue, her desperation increased, and she found it becoming quite hard to hold. She knew that she could try and find a bathroom in the tower, but all of them were on floors where she hadn't explored yet, and there was likely a heavy presence of guards. Emily sighed softly, knowing that they were not an option, unless she wanted to battle every guard in the tower.

Soon, Emily arrived at the safe room. She inserted her signet ring into the lock, which opened immediately for her. The room's doors would only lock and unlock if anyone had the ring, and Emily was the only person with the certain ring. Emily set the man down softly, knowing he would have enough supplies for a while before she returned. Sadly, there were no bathrooms in the safe room, which would have been quite convenient for her use.

Emily walked out the other side of the room, locking the door behind her. She made her way down the narrow corridor before coming up to a window sill. She took a deep breath and climbed into it. All there was left between her and the docks was the streets of Dunwall. However, they were crawling with guards now, and Emily desperately had to pee by now. She was quite tempted to unbuckle her uniform to allow herself to hold better, but it would impede her movement, making her vulnerable. Her very symbol of power was now getting in her own way of holding her full bladder...

(Let me know what you guys think!)

