A Little Fun Late At Night

Author: Batgirl75

*000*2021-10-02 03:54

It was very early in the morning when Rachel O’Brian left the gym after a massive 2 hour workout without going to the toilet. But now she had a full bladder cutting into her tight sweatpants that showed off her physique, mainly her thick ass. To Rachel’s dismay it started to rain, she tried her best to block out the sounds of rain, bu her mind always envisioning herself wetting in the howling storm. She couldn’t wait to let go, but she knew that she should hold it in and release later, but when on earth would that be? The feeling felt like she was holding back an entire river inside her throbbing bladder.

She searched high and low for a bathroom, but there wasn’t any where she was. She mumbled to herself “Surely there must be a bathroom somewhere.” As time went on her bladder continued tormenting and the possibility of her having an accident made her frightened. She could sense herself leaking into her panties and an small wet patch was become evident on her pants, so she ran outside to quickly find the nearest bathroom. She knew there nearest bathroom would be the Burger King down the road, the most reasonable thing to do was to make a quick dash to an alleyway and let go there, but she absolutely hated peeing in an alleyway because the last time she was mugged and she didn’t want that to be repeated.

She now was close to Burger King, but she was already starting to leak. She could feel her dribbles of hot urine dampen her white panties, she knew that she was about to have a big accident. There was no other solution but to hold it in and wait for the traffic to pass, the traffic made a stop and she could now cross the road, as she got to the other side she ran straight to the Burger King and while doing so she felt her starting to piss herself - she was in short leaking herself with more force and she knew she didn’t have a lot of time left.

She arrived at the joint and walked in she heading straight for the ladies room. She felt herself let go as she started pissing, Rachel quickly ran into the nearest stall, but it was too late! She lost control, Rachel watched at her having an accident in her black sweatpants, she was absolutely sad at how she couldn’t hold it in for so long, but she did hold it for 2 and a half hours now, so I think she held it in for a little too long.

Rachel’s her powerful stream fizzled into tiny little tinkles, she looked at her mess and cried at how she couldn’t hold it in for a little more, there she was having an accident like a little girl. Anyway, she walks out of Burger King and makes her way across the street to return back to her car parked near the gym.

To Be Continued....

