Sprite of Omoania: Expedition Archives

Author: Blackb1rd

*000*2024-07-25 06:11

Hello! You may recognize me from over in the Interactive Story forum, where I run the Sprite of Omoania saga. I've had a few people express some interest in getting an easy to downloaded format of the stories I've written on here and that's far easier to do on my end than theirs. I actually intended to do something like this for the beginning by trimming the interactive down into a standalone story. But in the end, I decided that I was better off just getting on with writing the next part instead.

If you're reading my stuff for the first time, please understand that the document attached below this and subsequent posts in this topic is a compilation of the different turns and voting cycles on the main interactive. While the primary story is feature complete, there are a number of side characters or setups that are not explored or fleshed out simply because the votes went a different way. The exact content varies expedition to expedition, though I generally write a lot of pee desperation, have sexually explicit content such as masturbation in future expeditions, often feature "furry" characters ranging from a simple ears and tail to fully anthro, write occasional diaper use, but absolutely no messing or ABDL in any of the stories. Any violence is pretty laid back and not gory or too serious, this is a DnD-like fantasy world with a health injection of porn logic to make situations always work out in the end. 😉

If you're coming in from already following the original interactive, nothing here is fundamentally different from what's already been posted. I've trimmed out the author's notes and all but the final vote tallies, but the story plays out the same apart from another editing pass on my end. In short, I hope this is just an easier way to reread the story without navigating through pages upon pages of responses.

The other reason to make this topic is that I also want it serve as an informal wiki to the interactive. It goes without saying that I'm one of the top contender for needlessly complex plots for the sake of simple pee porn, so getting things properly organized helps if people need to catch up on a prior chapter or character. For example, I've noted which notable characters are encountered in each expedition, both for the first time and if we'd previously seen them before. I'm not sure how frequently I'll update this thread, but the re-editing process should get quicker and quicker each time.

Let me know if there's any issue with the .pdf file. If you like what you see, feel free to swing by the original interactive where I'm currently gearing up for Expedition #10 later this week. I always love to hear from new voters. Enjoy!

###

Expedition #1: Wet Beginnings

Word Count: 15,506

Pages of the Interactive Story covered: Page 1 through Page 5

Synopsis: It’s a beautiful day in the tranquil river tower at the edge of the emerald forest. A merchant convoy’s just rolled into town, and Fiona the foxkin is making an absolute killing. Encouraged by her fire-magic pyrotechnic display, there’s just so many customers that she can’t take a break. And between the very cute blacksmith’s apprentice and dealing a newly created sprite of Omoania, it’s starting to look like she’s not quite going to make it to the outhouse in time.

Omo Content in this Expedition: Female desperation in a dress, Gratuitous panty shots, Peeing into a container, Semi-public accident, non-explicit M/F romance

Characters Encountered for the first time:

Fiona, the self-assured Foxkin merchant and fire mage

Bert, the shy blacksmith’s apprentice and admirer of Fiona

[Briefly] Pinna the tiefling bard

[Briefly] Gela the goblin raider

[Briefly] Roy the novice human adventurer

Recurring Characters Encountered:

NA

Sprite of Omoania Expedition #1 - Fiona Full Saga.pdf

*002*2024-07-29 04:59

Expedition #2: Birds of a Feather

Word Count: 14,479

Pages of the Interactive Story covered: Page 5 through Page 7

Synopsis: Raaka is the bestest harpy every to glide on the breeze! Despite a solitary existence, she gleefully stalks the lush oasis groves in search of prey to eat and flightless grounded ones to torment. There’s just one problem, Raaka’s nest is rather uncomfortable to sleep in and has left her tossing and turning all night. No matter, she’s confident the long convoy of wooden boxes the grounded ones and their animals pull across the sands are full of soft and fluffy things. She just has to sneak in at night and grab some, and she’s even found a new sprite friend with many good tips on how to be super stealthy! Only, Raaka isn’t sure if she can hold her water like the sprite friend keeps suggesting…

Omo Content in this Expedition: Female desperation in an exposed loincloth, Peeing Outdoors, Voluntary holding until Accident, Bedwetting

Characters Encountered for the first time:

Raaka, the mischievous harpy with a mysterious immunity to spells

[Briefly] Leanne, the gnome cleric with a bit of leaky bladder

[Briefly] Vanir, the suave human ranger and a bit of a ladies man

[Briefly] Sierra, the desert faun druid with a stubborn streak and intense loyalty to her tribe

[Briefly] Bray, the titanic half-orc bandit chief

Recurring Character Encountered:

[Briefly] Fiona, the self-assured Foxkin merchant and fire mage

Sprite of Omoania Expedition #2 - Raaka Full Saga.pdf

*003*2024-08-02 05:55

Expedition #3: Diapered Devotion

Word Count: 23,818

Pages of the Interactive Story covered: Page 8 through Page 10

Synopsis: Preta Talgod has quite lot on her plate as a star student of her snow-bound nation’s premier magic academy. There are tests to study for, potions to brew, hanging out with her 100%-not-head-over-heels-for best friend, and occasionally drinking several cups of potent tea for the purpose of uncontrollably wetting herself. Yet when her hobby attracts the attention of a sprite belonging to a long forgotten minor god of lust, Preta soon finds herself padded and stepping far outside her comfort zone as she tries to keep her secret from both her crush and the high mage she looks up to. But even while Preta is dealing with one overly enthusiastic sprite of Omoania, the loyal servant of a far more nefarious god is setting their own dark plot into motion…

Omo Content in this Expedition: Multiple female desperation in mage robes, Wearing and wetting a cloth diaper, Just barely made it to a toilet scene, Voluntary wetting, Peeing into a container, Explicit F/F romance

Characters Encountered for the first time:

Preta, the bookish academy student who’s secretly an Omoania devotee

Isa, the ditsy and absent minded best friend of Preta

Archmage Marion, a middle-aged prodigy who holds a seat on the Archmage Council

[Briefly] Valia, a vengeful kitsune with a deep seated hatred of mages

[Briefly] Aryon, a know-it-all half elf and fellow student at the academy

The rival purple sprite

Recurring Character Encountered:

NA

Sprite of Omoania Expedition #3 - Preta Full Saga.pdf

