An Officer’s Duty: A Zootopia FanFiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2019-08-24 22:07

Author’s note: This story is meant to be like Zootopia 2

Many years has passed and the city of Zootopia is become a city with a rising impact of crime, just like Gotham City and it’s worsening everyday. The ZPD have been recruiting new policemen or policewoman to aid in this increasing cause and in this conflict Judy Hopps and partner Nick Wilde have fallen in love with each other and now Nick is her boyfriend.

In aiding with the problem she almost got shot by one of the gangsters Nick and her were trying to find, but her partner killed the gangster before he could shoot her and this led them to their relationship.

The couple have been sleeping in Judy’s appartment, they are having fun sleeping together and they mostly spend time having a sexual intercorse.

Sunday, March 17 2019:

After a wild night of Judy enjoying having sex with her boyfriend Nick, Judy woke up to find how badly she needed to pee, she got up and raced to the bathroom, where she plonked her sexy ass on the toilet and moaned in her hot relief. She must’ve spent an hour or so because her stream was so big, she must’ve held it in for the whole night, but she was pee shy she doesn’t want others to know about her desperation, before this crime infested city business happened on a mission Judy actually had an accident because she didn’t tell Nick about it.

She was done, she wiped herself and flushed the toilet. Judy went to put on her clothes, she placed a pink laced panty on with no bra and her police outfit. Not shortly after that Nick got dressed and they could eat breakfast. They had bacon and eggs with orange juice and Judy kinda went overboard with it and she probably would regret doing that, they grabbed their phones that were charging in the kitchen and the keys and went in the car.

Judy then started it and on course for the ZPD HQ, they always enjoyed living together and their missions because they are together and Nick is thinking about the proper time for him to propose to her, he really connects with her than any other girl he’s seen. By that time the driver felt that she needed to pee and decided to hold it in until they get to the warehouse where this gang is and come to the police station to find the coordinates or whereabouts they are located in Zootopia.

To Be Continued...

*003*2019-08-31 22:08

The car arrived at the ZPD, Nick and Judy got out of the car and proceed to enter. Officer Clawhauser was here and Judy said hi to him and she got a reply saying “Hi Judy, how are you?” “I’m fine thank you.” Said Judy, but by the time she spotted a sign saying bathrooms, if she somehow made up an excuse for her to use it with Nick not knowing would be great! But near the bathroom there was the kitchen and the secret entrance to get guns. She already had her gun an amo, so that was out of the question or the kitchen. “Hey Nick, I’m feeling very thirsty I’m going to get some water in the kitchen.” “Alright Judy, but don’t take to long.”

She drank the water that she so willingly lied and looked back to see Nick talking to Clawhauser, which was great because she could slide in to the bathroom and won’t have to worry about having an accident. Judy made her dash to finally end her slight desperation once and for all. But it turned out that the bathroom door was locked, Judy was furious she swore quietly to herself saying “fuck, fuck, fuck!” In a way you could say she was pissed.

On the way back to her partner, her mind was remembering her embarrassing accident that she couldn’t hide at all. She couldn’t black it away but hoped that after her mind retold her story that she wouldn’t wake up with an accident. It was the fourth day of police academy, she had to have a pee so badly after a course she did.

She opened the bathroom door and saw that it wasn’t suited for her because everything in there was taller than her she found a stall open and opened the door. Click! The door was locked, Judy looked up that the toilet to discover how big it was. She did feel herself leaking a bit in her panties, she wasn’t scared so jumped and landed on the toilet she then started pulling off her pants and then her panties.

She bend over to use it, but then all of a sudden she lost control as poor Judy fell in and started peeing at full throttle with the water in the toilet wettening her pants and the mix of her piss going in her pants. When she got out her whole pants was wet and she had to have an idea to finish the course in dry pants and no panties.

Her retelling of the story ended with Judy wearing a dry pants, she regained with Nick. The two heroes where in the Chief’s office, “Chief Bogo, where are this criminals located?” “Well Judy I have recently found out their hideout is in the Rainforest District. Nick and Judy I would like you two to search the Rainforest for them and bring them back here.” “Yes sir we will do that.”

The two heroes walked back to their car and in the mind of Judy said “Oh great a rainforest, why did I have to drink so much of that orange juice.”

To Be Continued...

*004*2019-09-07 23:42

The car drove off and in course for the destination, Rainforest﻿ Distric﻿t.﻿ Judy started getting more desperate that she had to squeeze and cross her legs. Nick somehow knew she had a problem, but every time he would ask her, she would say that there’s nothing with her at all. Car was now out of the city and was getting closer to its destination, but could Judy hold it in and not have an accident in the car? She hoped she didn’t, but she was on the verge of wetting herself and she was scared about this.

This time she crossed her legs more tighter this time, but this process made her boyfriend see it and immediately asked her do you need to pee? “Yes Nick I do.” “Oh great! Why didn’t you go earlier and why didn’t you tell me?” “Nick I’m pee shy, I don’t like people to know that I have to pee.” “But Judy you could’ve told me because you trust me and I trust you. How long have you been holding it in for?”

“Well Nick I’ve been holding that in since breakfast and now I feel like I’m going to burst but I don’t want to have an accident in my car, I would rather have it in my pants!” “Ok how about I take the wheel and you can hold yourself better.”,Judy did not reply back to Nick but switched seats, after Nick started the car up Judy started holding onto her womenhood. It wasn’t working so she slid her hand into her pants and put it through her panties and grab her pussy.

She was slightly moaning to herself and her boyfriend could hear but never mentioned anything about it. The car passed the sign saying ‘The Rainforest District’, Judy felt relief but she could feel she leaked a little. The car was parked somewhere where there was no waterfalls or anything water that was concerned because of his girlfriend’s desperation to pee. They walked a little his girlfriend slid her hand under her legs and clogged her floodgates, Nick had his gun out and would cover for his girlfriend and she was going good with holding back her floodgates.

Just then they saw a trucks and a building “Maybe they might have a bathroom you could use?” “Nick it isn’t funny I so desperate to go and I don’t want to give away my position away. They could be those crook?” “Alright Mack do you have those things the boss ordered?” “Yes I do it’s in my truck.” Nick nodded at Judy, she was right to expect that to be the criminals.

The criminal opened the back of his truck to reveal big glistening jewels, the desperate girlfriend remembered that those jewels belonged to the Zootopia Museum because yesterday she remembered seeing them. Yesterday she was there at the museum and saw them, but there was nothing on the news today or yesterday night. How could they steal something and no one as reported on it. Just then the two cops spotted one of Zootopia’s favourite newsreader Michael Thorne and other newsreaders all tied up screaming to be let out.

Judy undid her hand under her legs to pick her gun up from her holster, they were firing at the crooks and shot them down but didn’t kill anyone yet, just badly hurt some. A few more came and Nick said to his girlfriend “Judy go help with the news anchors and I’ll fight and kill these guys.”

She ran with one hand holding her pussy and the other one hold her gun, she ran over to the spot she saw them and untied the rope and she did know this sounded like the wrong time to say it in a action scene “Do you know where the bathroom is?” She said it to Thorne and he pointed to the little shed down there, Judy smiled and asked all of them to run as fast as they can.

She ran towards the shed, she did feel another squirt of her pee escape her by that time her panties would be damp already, Nick fought those guys and killed two and spotted his girl running to the shed where she would finally pee. Just then two strong and rather large (meaning tall) men came up to her and was threatening to kill her and she felt that she was going to wet herself in fear.

But lucky her boyfriend happened to run to see what was going on the crook spotted Nicholas and pointed his gun at Judy’s head. Nick stopped running and saw Judy this enraged him and he could hear her cries for help. He shot the guy and he was killed. His girl didn’t wet herself in fear, like what she felt like was going to happen, but the other man charged at Nick and he knocked him out. Her bladder was probably 200% full and her wetting percentage must be 201% and she still had time to go excrete her waste but she gave up her bladder hit 201%.

Her floodgates opened, she was finally peeing her pants were getting so soaked but moaned and enjoyed it. Nick was aroused by this moment watch his beautiful girlfriend have an accident in her pants and get turned on by it, it was something Nick never got to enjoy with his other girls but he never liked them that much, because he meet his match. The other man started getting conscious again and was up, Nick saw him and kicked him hard so that he was knocked unconscious again. Judy’s endless golden stream of hot piss finally ended and took this guy back to the car and those Jewels.

To Be Continued...

*005*2019-09-21 23:09

On the way to the car, Judy was getting hungry and to her delight she saw a piece of cake on the table. She told Nick to stop walking as she held the cake in her hand and ate, it was a chocolate cake her favourite. She regrouped with Nick and not so soon after that they arrived back at car, Nick wanted to drive this time and it was no problem with his girlfriend.

Her boyfriend put the crook in the back and went to start the car, Judy said nothing to her boyfriend while leaving The Rainforest﻿ District.

She was mainly quiet half of the trip, but her boyfriend said to her “Look Judy, I’m so so excited and sad about your accident, I know you must’ve been holding it in for so long, but you must’ve felt the warmth?” “Yes I did, I have finally felt my enjoyment in wetting again, I haven’t had the same exact feeling since......

I was in High School.” “May I ask you what happened then?” “I was 16 when this happened, I was playing a game at lunch and I played it with my friends but what I did before I drank a lot of water just before lunch. I just felt it getting worse as I was running, we were playing hide and seek and I thought to myself that I had to think of somewhere I could relieve myself and be hidden from my friends.

So I did I went into the forest, which was the opposite side to where my friends are and you know how much of a good runner I am. My friend was counting to 30 but he wasn’t fast at saying the alphabet, which was great. So I found the place where two long and big trees fell on top of each other, so I pulled my skirt down and then my panties and started to pee. It was so great, fabulous and so fucking warm I couldn’t help but moan quietly and that’s that.”

“WOW!” said her boyfriend, “Now look I’m sorry that I got a boner when you peed yourself.” “Nick it’s fine starting from today I’m going to be a very naughty girl and it doesn’t matter if you get turned on, but if you want to do that, you must love the experience.” Just then something weird happened the so called naughty girl has to use the bathroom again

“Nick, stop the car! I need to go to the bathroom.” “See it wasn’t hard was it now.” “Nick I’m not joking I seriously need to go I need to take a shit.” “There’s nowhere to stop to use, you have to hold it in.” “Nick I think I have diarrhea I don’t think I can hold it in.” Her boyfriend is frantically searching for a bucket she could use to go, but he found nothing. “Nick please, just pull over somewhere please!” Nick pulled over at a big rock formation, Judy got out of the car and raced to the big rock and so that she could go quietly behind it.

She got there just in time, she then went around it pulled down her wet police officer pants and then her wet panties. She tried to stay calm as she took her massive and messy shit behind a large rock, which was overlooking the beautiful peaceful waterfalls and this would’ve been a bad place if she came here earlier she would’ve already wet herself when taking off her pants because the scenic view. She placed messy drolls after another which made the rock stink of crap.

She finally finished, but she didn’t have anything thing to wipe her messy ass, there was nothing that could’ve been used as an alternative to toilet paper but she had to do the very thing she did not want to do. She pulled off her panties and used it as toilet paper she cleaned all the left over shit stuck on her ass as well as shoving it deep inside her butt crack and pulling it out revealed a nice piece of shit. When she was finished wiping herself up she threw it down the clip overlooking that scenic view, after that she pulled up her pants and walked back to the car pantyless.

To Be Continued...

