Life On Tatooine: A Star Wars Fanfiction About Rey

Author: Batman007

*000*2020-02-07 21:23

A/N: This story takes place after the end of the new Star Wars movie The Rise Of Skywalker. There is spoilers from the movie in this story, so if you haven’t seen the new movie then don’t read this and wait until you have seen it.

###

“Hey guys I’m Rey, I’m sorry I couldn’t finish all my naughty stories. It’s was because I had to fight the Emperor, who actually turns out to be my grandfather. Yeah my grandfather, anyway the last time we caught up was on Ahch-To where I pissed myself. Now let’s get back to the more recent update, after I defeated my Grandfather, I decided to come and live on Tatooine (the birth place of Luke and Anakin Skywalker), I have spent a whole week here now and even though Tattooine is a desert planet like Jakku I prefer Tattooine better because I am free from being a scavenger and give my salvage to Unkar Plutt and sleeping in that dreadful At-At walker where the toilet was broken and I didn’t live a great life. Anyway, I sometimes work part time as a scavenger and I help the Jawas with their scavenging. But most of the time I’m living in a much better lifestyle than before and be very naughty most of the time, exactly like today.”

”Today was my day to help the Jawas scavenging, we spotted an old X-wing and no I ain’t talking about Luke’s one it’s a complete different model. We then do the work on it and it was at this moment when I detached one of its Blissex, which heads to the Pilex driver (the thing that makes it start) and I detached the other one and the ship will never run again. The Jawas uses these Blissex and Pilex drivers to build droids, fix their ship or just as an item to trade, as I said to myself Another day, another ship to scavenge. I’ve never minded it. I’ve been doing this for as long as I can remember and at the of 12 and now I’m 20.

Then I slide into the bow of an X-wing and start on the fuel injectors. Within minutes, the first injector comes out with ease, on Jakku most scavenging X-Wings injectors don’t come out with so ease, because some other people removes all the most important parts and makes it jam. That has always been the blame I put on when I wet myself in its cockpit. This planet is exactly like Jakku with its weather patterns and I have to keep the heat off, I have to drink water. So I stop every half an hour to a break to take a drink of water. Onen thing about me is that I always have much more water than I need and makes me more desperate to pee.

I then get back to the fuel injectors, after another 15 minutes, I have all of them out and lying on the sand as I give them one by one to the Jawas. They give me some credits (Tattooine’s currency and its the same in Jakku) for my personal use or whatever use. I jump onto my speeder bike and ride it back to where I stay, I can already feel that I’m starting to get a full bladder. Oh yeah I forgot to say that I live close to the main town and not in a remote area, like on Jakku and there usually a lot of traffic back home at sundown and I always try to leave work earlier to avoid the traffic, but it was really bad now. I got to the turn off, but the traffic is already there and I had to wait in this traffic.

My bladder was getting more fuller and soon it will be aching for its release and I don’t want a repeat of what happened when I first got here I got drunk and pissed myself while drive I had to spend a lot of time cleaning the seat and I don’t want that happening again. The traffic was decreasing slowly, but my bladder was increasing slowly. I was scared I thought that the end was coming soon and that the inevitable process will happen. The traffic decreased fully, in simpler words it went away and by that reckoning I already had a full bladder. As soon as turned left towards home I glance down toward my hand and am shocked by what I see. My bladder is now stretched to its absolute limit to contain the flood within, and I think it’s about four inches. I slip one hand into my panties and brush past my clit to my urethra, there I can feel the pee at the very tip of my pee hole and it’s driving me insane with fear.

With my hand still stuck into my panties I felt a spurt come out of my slit and I apply more pressure, but my second spurt tells me I should get home quickly I completely drench myself and clean the seat again. I take my hand out of my damp panties and I haul myself up and with one hand I am applying pressure onto my crotch. I can see home, but despite constant pressure, my muscles begin to tire. This is resulted by another spurt making it’s way out of my lips. And another. Soon, I have a slow but steady stream coming out of my aching pussy.I try to clamp it off, but my muscles refuse to respond. I shove my hand into my urethra and I try to stop the flow by use the force on my bladder I put it’s spurting flood back into my urethra, but it won’t hold for much longer. Now my bladder responds. It wants relief and it wants it now! My sphincters decide that the moment is to completely relax, but I try to fight it.

I park the speeder in the driveway and I race to the door, I can’t open it with the key because if I did I would start wetting myself, so I used the force. The door mechanism opened and let me in, I used the force to close it as I ran towards the nearest bathroom. I open the door and close the door by the same method as the front door. I took my hand of my crotch and took off my pants and panties off, I stat down quickly on the toilet in seconds my bladder released it’s hold and I moaned heavily because I just made it. I spent the rest, just enjoying the relief.

I scream as what seems like all the water on Kamino pours out of my lower lips from my tortured bladder. Almost instantaneously a second one hits, this time like the Carbon Ridge falling on me, I enjoy what I can about my desperation and it’s relief. My stream dies down and wipe my vagina and I stand up and flush the toilet. I pull up my panties and pants and I walk into the kitchen and pick out a bottle of water and I drink the whole 1 litre bottle up and I walk to the bedroom, where I strip down until I am fully nude. Now as I am naked I get onto the bed and into the covers and I fall asleep with a full litre of water in me and it would be a wonderful thing to play with in the morning.

To Be Continued...

*001*2020-02-29 21:09

“I wake up early in the morning, I have not yet pissed the bed and my bladder is aching so much. I just go back to sleep because I can’t be bothered to get up and use the bathroom, sometimes when I don’t feel like wetting the bed and getting up to use the bathroom. I usually pee in an open bucket and I enjoy it. Forgive for my naughty habits I only have them because I was brought up in a place with less bathrooms and my mind still thinks I’m at home. One major factor of my naughtiness is because the toilet in my home, which was broken from the battle of Jakku. This was because my home was a wreck of an AT-AT Walker.

I don’t want to my naughtiness today, I just want to pee. So I am forced to get out of bed to use the bathroom. I start making my way there and lock the door. I plonk my big sexy ass onto the toilet seat and it rains gold. Firstly, it is so warm and secondly, I can’t believe what I actually missed out with no bathroom in the house. Luckily this is not my first time doing because if it was I’ll probably have an accident, usually you don’t succeed when you first try it.

When you become a Jedi, you can use the force to manipulate your own bladder. Yeah I’m telling the truth, it definitely saved me from embarrassing me in battle. One time I almost wet myself a few days ago where I fought Kylo Ren on Endor. Anyway after my limit was over, Ithe toil

Just then I had the greatest idea ever! I thought because Jakku has the same currency as Tatooine, I could use my remaining credits for here. I get dressed quickly and run to the Falcon where Chewy is sleeping in one of the beds in the Falcon. I wake him up and tell him the plan, we then start the engines and start to fly away. I don’t do anything special on the Falcon as Chewy takes over the flying, I don’t have to pee, I don't feel like playing games.

We have arrived at our destination, Jakku and convenient, Chewbacca parked the ship right next to the AT-AT. It is better that he parked it here rather than anywhere else because people may be hunting me, you saw how angry Unkar Plutt looked when I left with Finn two years ago. You never know what he might do. I quickly grabbed all my money and everything else and placed it onboard and when I was finished, Chewy flys us away.

After another long flight back to Tatooine, I just do the same thing until we get there. After a long flight we arrived and I get ready to do my work and before that I have breakfast and then I’m off to help the Jawas. I get on my speeder bike and it is sunrise currently and I arrive. One small fact about Jawas is that they have the most weirdest times to scavenge.

The boss Jawa comes and shows me where they are currently working on, it was another ship, something stuck in the sand and something that I couldn’t see that good from where I’m standing. It wasn’t an X-wing, but it was an old Y-wing.

Now I remember that a Y-wing’s parts are exactly the same as an X-wing, with the Blisses and Pilex drivers but the rest aren’t. I detached one of its Blissex, then to the Pilex driver and then I reach out for the other Blissex and now it won’t run again. The Jawas takes the Blissex and Pilex drivers to the piles of droids parts and today they allowed me to take some for myself. I slide into the bow of the ship and start on the fuel injectors.

Within minutes, the first injector comes out. I love scavenging because like what I said I’ve been doing this for as long as I can remember and at the of 12 and now I’m 20. Even though it’s in the early hours of the morning, it’s so damn hot! So I stop every half an hour to a break to take a drink of water. soon I’m going to get the fact that I’ve drank so much water and that I’m going to piss myself in a most embarrassing way.

Now we move onto the thing that got stuck in the sand and it was a old busted up droid that was an Astromech droid and look sort of exactly like R2. I bargained with the Jawas that I want to keep the droid and they allow me to do that with no hassle. We then proceed to the last final area and that was the thing that I couldn’t see, I drank and drank as we walked over there and my bladder was fine and not aching for relief yet.

When we finally got there I was getting quite desperate to pee, but I hoped that this one would not be so hard. It was an old bust up speeder and I knew it would be a somewhat hardish job, but because I did have to fix my own speeder bike once and I remember it was actually easy. I opened the hatch and nothing was there someone robbed it, the Jawas said to me that it was going to be sent to one of the residents here, but he can’t get it broken like this, I thought. I asked one of the Jawas if they had any parts to a speeder and he nodded, he even walked with me to show me where it is.

They had quite the stash and then all of a sudden, I had to pee big time. I knew I would never make it if I went to fix the ship and I had to embarrassedly ask that same Jawa to ask him if I could use the bathrooms on their vehicle. He did ask me could I hold it and I replied no and he allowed me to go. I made my way there where he told me, I went into the right bathroom and did the usual (undress, then pee). It started to come out and I loved the feeling of my hot pee burst into the toilet and I smiled as it happened. When I was done I reported back to my duties”.

To Be Continued...

