Wetting on a train

Author: benverona

*000*2019-02-08 19:57

Hi

I've said in other posts that I'm a male bodied crossdresser with a strong female "other identity". Some while ago I read a real wetting on a train experience on another website and decided to write a fictional story on the same theme from my own female perspective. I hope that's ok.

So here I am, standing on the station platform, waiting for the train. The electronic sign says it's on time but it's already five minutes late so who knows when it will come. It could be any moment now. It could be in half an hour's time.

I know I should have gone to the toilet before leaving but I was late and I only just had enough time to get to the station before the train was due. Now I have a problem. I really need to pee but the women's toilets are on the other platform across the bridge. If I go across there now the train might come. If I miss it I'll have an hour to wait for the next one.

I'll just have to try to hold on and then use the toilet on the train as soon as it arrives. I think I can wait but I have to admit that I'm feeling pretty desperate. I hope it's not too obvious to everyone else. I'm walking up and down the platform to ease my need to pee but even that might be a giveaway. I decide to stand still for a moment but then I have to cross my legs and squeeze my thighs together. That must be even more noticeable.

I wish the train would come. Ten minutes late now and the sign still says it's on time so there's no knowing when it will arrive. I walk off down the platform again, hoping to get as far away from all the other passengers as I can but there are a few, even right towards the far end. Luckily they're all looking away from me towards the train when it comes. I face away from them and sneak my hand between my legs under my skirt. I'm going to start wetting any moment now. I realise I'm squirming to try to hold it in and I squeeze myself tightly for a moment. Then there's a squirt of a wet warmth over my fingers and I know my knickers are getting wet. It's only a small spurt of pee but it's enough to send a few drops trickling down my leg.

I wonder if I squat down and pretend to adjust my shoe whether I can get away with relieving the desperate need by letting out just a little pee. I think I'm going to have to do that otherwise it will just run down my legs and wet my shoes and socks. I glance round to check that no-one is looking my way and then I squat down, trying to make sure that my skirt is out of the way so it doesn't get wet. I start to pee in my knickers and I'm hoping that no-one will see the puddle beginning to form between my feet. I've only been peeing for just a few seconds when the train arrives.

Now I really do have a problem. I have to stop peeing so I can run up the platform to the front carriage. I press my fingers against my wet knickers and stand up but for another few seconds the pee keeps flowing. It's trickling down my legs as I run along the platform and I know that I'm leaving a trail of drips in my wake. Luckily, all the other passengers are heading the same way as I am so I hope no-one sees ,but I'm leaving a trail of evidence for anyone else who comes down this way. I wonder what they will think has happened.

I stop for a moment and squeeze my hand under my skirt again and manage to control the stream. Then, as I reach the front carriage I realise that there will be one person looking in my direction - the train driver! I flush with embarrassment as I pass the cab and I notice that the driver is a woman. At least it isn't a man. That really would be embarrassing. A woman might at least understand that women sometimes have accidents. She looks at me as I rush past and I guess that she might have seen what was happening.

I reach the front carriage just as the doors are about to close.The train is very crowded and, as the doors do close, I realise that I don't know which carriage has the toilet and that my chances of pushing my way through the throng are practically nil. As soon as I stand still I can feel the overwhelming need to pee starting up again. My knickers are already wet but, as the train moves away from the station, I realise that there is no way that I'm going to be able to hold on till my station which is ten minutes away. I'm going to wet my knickers even more and there's nothing I can do about it.

I'm in a press of bodies. We're all packed together so closely that if I wriggle at all it will be noticed. I'm standing with my legs slightly crossed and I'm squeezing my thighs together. Every now and then a little squirt of pee soaks my knickers. I wonder why I'm not feeling it trickle down my thighs and notice that there is a wet patch on my skirt where it has caught between my legs. We're only a couple of minutes from my station when it happens. I feel a gush of hot wetness in my knickers and a warm cascade running down my legs.

I'm wetting my knickers right here in public and I can't stop it. The torrent of pee streams down my legs. I look down and I can see that I'm making a large puddle on the floor of the train. The torrent seems to go on for ever but it subsides as the train pulls into the station and I push my way to the door, hoping that no-one has yet seen the puddle or noticed my wet skirt. When the doors open I step out and the train pulls away leaving me drip drip dripping onto the platform.

I have nothing to dry my legs with and nothing to hide the wet patch on my skirt. I shall have to walk home in my wet knickers and hope that no-one will look too closely and see what I have done........

