Waterfalls

Author: Bladder_Queen

*000*2022-03-04 15:39

“And if you need more water, most hiking trails will have these pumps,” Rory, our park ranger guide, says while he puts his gallon water jug under the spout, “They are safe to drink out of, but if you feel like you can’t trust them, I have these water purifying drops to put in.” he takes a big gulp from his jug and then turns back toward us.

“How often should we be drinking water?” a man from the back of the group raises his hand. How often should we be drinking water? Who asks that? What an amateur.

“Listen to your body. But drink as much as you think is necessary to keep your body hydrated.” he shakes his water jug around and smiles.

I signed up for this singles hiking group back in March, thinking it would be a fun way to meet someone. Hiking is one of my greatest passions. I love getting to navigate through nature and explore areas. You have to wonder how long it has been since someone has been in the same spot you are. But now that I am actually with this group, I am more annoyed than excited. Everyone I have talked to seems to be just looking for someone to hump in the forest rather than actually exploring with one another. In hindsight, I can’t have imagined what a bunch of people from New York would know about hiking. Even if I come out of this still single as ever, at least I can cross off Shenandoah National Park off of the “National Parks to Visit Before You Die” list.

“We are going to hike 5 more miles this way and that will lead us to our camping site,” Rory says, waving his arm East. “We can set up camp, start on dinner… and start getting more familiar with one another,” he says with a wink towards the group. I shudder and worry I have signed up for a nature sex party instead of the romantic campsite experience I imagined.

As we started moving again, I realized how equally ratioed our group was with men to women. Maybe this was on purpose by the agency that coordinated it. We did all have to send in a survey about ourselves (likes, dislikes, turnons, turnoffs) before we got here. Maybe they paired us up with someone in the group and we have to find one another in the mix of 14 people.

When I typed out the answers for my survey, I felt really vanilla. I am sure that some of these guys are looking for a girl they can be freaky with in the moonlight tonight, but that certainly is not me. For my likes, I listed: writing, hiking, fiber art (a fancy word for crocheting), and bookstores. For my dislikes, I listed: organized religion, messy eaters, cigarettes, and BDSM.

One guy in our group has a pack of cigarettes in the side pocket of his backpack and a knuckle tattoo that says “BIG DADDY” across, so I am sure that he is not the one they picked out for me. But I have a feeling he already found his suggested partner, based off of the girl he has his arm wrapped around who has a tattoo of a whip twisted into a heart on her upper thigh. I look around again and try to imagine who they could have picked out for me based on the short amount this agency knows about me.

Our group is about halfway through the hike when one guy with dark hair stops to pull out a Cliff Bar, but accidentally pulls out two as one falls onto the trail. He looks down and sighs and then glances back up to see me watching him. He quickly scoops the second pack off the ground and holds it towards me.

“Hungry?” he asks.

“Uuuuh… Sure?” I say as I hesitantly take the Cliff bar out of his hand. I tear it open and take a bite. It is mint chocolate chip, my very favorite flavor. “You know, this one tastes really good after you warm it up a little. Like a chocolate-mint-oat-cake,” I smile, pulling a bite off.

“I will have to try that. Can’t say I ever thought to warm up an energy bar,” he laughs and shows all of his teeth through his smile, they are so white with a cute little gap between the top front teeth.

“I grew up in the midwest, where everything tastes and feels better after its been heated up,” I wash my bite down with a swig from my 2 liter water bottle.

“What made you move to New York?” he asks.

“I move around a lot. I have been in New York for 5 months? I’m a writer, so I can do my work anywhere. I just like the change of scenery,” I explain.

“Writer? What kind of writing?” He finishes his bar, crumples the wrapper and places it in the side pocket of his backpack.

“Well, not like an author or a poet. I’m more of a freelance editor type of writer. Sometimes people hire me to edit their website pages, proofread their blogs, or just take notes for a conference they did not want to participate in… Nothing super creative like you are imagining,” I explain.

“It’s still nice that you have a job that gives you the freedom to move around… And suddenly vacation in Virginia?” he chuckles while he says this.

“Well, yeah? I decide my work schedule and what jobs I want to take on. It is pretty perfect for me. I love this kind of thing. Hiking, camping, spending time in nature… What about you? I haven’t asked you anything,” I crumple my own wrapper and tuck it into my backpack pocket, taking another gulp of water to wash away all the bits in my mouth.

“Oh yeah, you have to learn about me, huh? Well… I don’t know, I am pretty plain. I have a warehouse job close to New York City. I want to be more into hiking. That’s actually the reason I signed up for this group outing thing… Hopefully, I will meet a girl that will force me out of the city more,” he looks down at me while we continue walking with the group.

“Aren’t you so lucky to have met me?” I wink at him.

“It seems so…” he chuckles as he pulls out his own gallon sized water bottle.

“I think that will be the first thing I will help you out with,” I say, gesturing to his giant container.

“What? This?!” he shakes the jug above his head.

“Yes! Why did you bring that of all things to carry?” I laugh at his goofy gesture.

“It held the most water… and I didn’t want to be out of water. Isn’t that rule #1? Always have water?” he asks.

“Well yeah, but now you have to carry a gallon of water around with you while you hike, even worse, you drink the whole gallon without realizing and have to release a waterfall in the middle of the forest,” I explain. He giggles and blushes at this comment, but I don’t know why.

“What would you suggest then?” he says, swinging his jug at his side.

“Well, I read that you only need to drink 1 liter to every hour you are hiking. So, 1-2 liter bottles are fine. It’s a lot lighter, more compact, and you won’t need to pee as much while you’re drinking it,” I say, lifting my own bottle up, covered in stickers of other national parks and TV show references.

“You don’t have to pee after drinking 2 liters?” his eye brows shoot up.

“2 liters is definitely easier to hold than a whole gallon. If you finish that gallon before making it to our campsite, you will have to pee in front of all of us,” I gesture towards BIG DADDY and laugh. Again, he blushes.

“I guess you have got a point, but what if I don’t drink this whole gallon? It could last me until tomorrow morning!” he says, holding it up with pride again.

“Old water that bugs or stuff could have gotten into overnight? I would just get fresh water out of the spouts at the campsite in the morning instead of drinking the same water you carried around all day,” I explain. I start to worry I am coming off as an over explainer, or a really picky person with a preference in water.

“That’s definitely a fair point… do you think hiking made you better at avoiding going to the bathroom?” he gestures to my stomach area.

“I would say so… especially as a girl, I can’t just stand to pee, I have to find somewhere to squat and clean myself. That’s why the last thing I always pack is toilet paper. It is right at the top of my pack when I need it, easy access for emergencies,” I pat the side of my backpack.

“Emergencies? Do you usually hold it until an emergency?” his voice almost quivers as he asks me.

“More often than not, I get so into walking through nature and exploring, I don’t even think about it until it is an emergency. When I was in high school, I went hiking with some of my friends from school, and I literally pissed myself because I didn’t realize how badly I needed to go,” I laugh and blush in embarrassment.

“How… uh… How much do you think you had in you?” he stammers.

“Uh… I don’t know exactly. I am sure I drank maybe 3 liters? And while I started going in my pants, I quickly pulled over into the forest to pull my pants down and go. My friends thought it was so funny to watch it stream down the side of the trail. Like it just wouldn’t stop, I kept going and going and going…” I stop and blush, realizing I am way over sharing with a stranger about my bad bathroom habits. Tonight, he is going to tell all the other guys about this, and I am going to be labeled as the weird girl who talks about pissing herself and having a giant bladder while hiking.

“It had to have been over a liter and a half, don’t you think? You drank so much and held it in for so long,” he suggests. He wants me to continue my weird pee talk?

“Maybe, I don’t think I have ever measured how much I could hold at one time… I guess that would be an important skill for a hiker?” I giggle thinking about how all hikers must come equipped with massive bladders they can fill and train to release when they can.

“Why don’t you? Can we tonight?” he asks, his eyes brightening.

“What?” I laugh and readjust my backpack. Such an awkward but curious request from a complete stranger.

“We can measure how much you can pee at one time tonight? Why not? It will put your hiking skills to the test,” he winks at me.

“I guess I am a little curious?” I weigh out my options. I could ditch this guy for wanting to measure my pee and spend the rest of the night fighting over the other men, or I could measure my piss with this strange guy I will never see again, or I could just remain alone… Maybe our guide, Rory, will want a friend tonight too?

“I need to dump out my water anyways, we can use my jug to measure, and I will just rinse it out in the waterfall we are going to be near,” he explains to me.

“You know what? Sure… Why not?” I shrug and laugh off the absurdity of this notion. Who knows, maybe he will be so blown away by the size of my bladder, he will want to actually take me on a date when we all get back to New York?

“This will be fun! I promise… wait, what’s your name?” he laughs again, with all of his teeth. It continues to charm me, the more and more he does it. I cannot believe I have had this whole conversation about the capacity of my bladder and my situational incontinence with someone whose name I never thought to ask for.

“Antonia, but everyone usually calls me Toni… what about you?” I say. Maybe we will finally stop feeling like strangers.

“Jake… which is what everyone calls me,” he chuckles and wraps his arm over my sweaty shoulder. I take this as he chose me to be his match on this trip.

“So, Jake… I have to ask… Was the Cliff Bar drop a planned pick up game? Or was it entirely an accident?” I smile up to him.

“Hmmm… I would like to say I am smooth enough to plan such a clever way to get someone to talk to me… But I unfortunately am not,” Jake moves his hand down to my hip, and then slides his arm away. I can’t say I know for sure if he is my match, or if there are any matches at all and this is just all done randomly, but his energy is one that I can follow. One I don’t mind spending the night with.

Later that Evening

It was suggested that we all pack our own tents, but by the time we got to camp, some people had already agreed on sharing one for the night. I was sure to pitch my own away from people who I expected to keep me up all night. Jake set his tent up right next to mine. I was curious if he was thinking about asking to share one with me, but I didn’t want to push my luck since he was already so excited to be 5 feet away from where I was sleeping.

Rory set up the fire while we all unpacked what we needed and gave everyone the opportunity to mingle. I kept looking around to see if anyone else was curious about me, but Jake, always by my side, was sure to shoo away any other suitors. I am in no way complaining though. I feel like if I hadn’t had Jake to talk to, I probably would be like the other men and women who hadn’t linked with someone yet. All scrambling to find someone to talk to, maybe to share their own tent with. The desperation in the air was almost unbearable.

“When did you want to start?” he asks, placing his hand over mine.

“Hm? Start what?” I say, blushing, confused by if he meant something I didn’t understand.

“Drinking,” he says with a wink.

“Hmmm… Maybe after dinner? When everyone else has gone to sleep? So we can have privacy, and all,” I shrug my shoulders, not sure if I am as excited as he is.

“That’s smart… Would you want to find somewhere secluded to do it?” He gestures his head towards the forest behind our tents.

“Well, yeah… but I don’t think we are allowed to go very far at night without Rory… you know, lions, and tigers, and bears?” I explain.

“Oh my! Well, we don’t have to go super far, just enough where you can pee in peace and privacy?” he says. Not that we all had to go to the bathroom in the forest, I wasn’t worried about that. We have some out-houses at our camp that had been cleaned out by the men of our group. Mostly because none of the women wanted to go near the spider webs that covered most of the ceiling and walls.

“Nice alliteration! Yeah, I get it. How about I go right now, so I can scope out a secret spot, and have a fresh bladder?” I begin to stand up.

“Nice alliteration right back! That sounds good!” he says, also standing up. I am going to go ask Rory when he thinks dinner will be ready.

I begin to walk into the forest, the ground covered with decaying leaves, and I am sure of some kind of dangerous bug, but my hiking boots take it all for me. While I walk, I wait until I can’t hear anymore people talking from our group. I had only drank a liter on the hike up, and while I barely had to go, I was more curious on what my bladder capacity was like. I had listened and counted another woman’s stream while she was in the bathroom and I was helping collect firewood for Rory, and she had a count of 5 Mississippis before she was finished. When I found a spot secluded behind a tree, I pulled my pants down to my knees and squatted. My stream was already so strong and heavy I counted until I was finished at 15 Mississippis. It gave me a little bit of hope that I will have something impressive to say at the end of the night tonight.

When I got back to the camp, Jake was filling up my 2 liter bottle with more water.

“I think I found a nice spot. A huge tree with lots of room to hide behind south from our tents,” I said, taking the bottle from him.

“Very good. Did you flood the place already, power pisser?” he laughed and poked at my side. I blushed at this comment, confused if it was a compliment or a bash on me pissing myself.

“No… But I held a stream for 15 seconds if that means anything?” I shrug my shoulders as we both sit on a log together in front of the fire, clearly set up by the agency for a romantic setting.

While we wait for nightfall, a few of us decide to go see the waterfall only a quarter of a mile away. Jake and I stay at the shore and pick at the rocks that sit at the bottom. At some point, Jake actually catches a small fish with his hands and holds it by its tail for me to see. He isn’t much of the city boy I thought he was, so willing to get dirty and play in the mud with me. He talks a lot about the other adventures he wants to go on when he gets more used to hiking and camping with me. Even though I had concerns about the excitement he has for my bladder, I can see he is excited to get to know me more personally. He showers me with compliments about how beautiful and smart I am. I am almost as quick witted as he is, it makes him so much fun to talk to.

We all travel back and have dinner together, where Rory leads us in some ice breakers, obviously meant for those who are getting antsy and worried about this trip being a waste. Rory starts with some easy to share questions, like “What are your 3 deserted island movies?” or “If you were a fruit, what fruit would you be?” which turns into a far more erotic conversation than orginally thought. And then he asks “What is your most embarrassing sex story?”

Everyone giggles and blushes, no one really wants to start. Jake glances around and raises his hand up.

“One time, I had a girl pee on me during sex?” he chuckles and looks around. Everyone else laughs hysterically. I raise my eyebrows that he brings up pee with a past love interest in his life.

“She peed on you? What were you guys doing?” one guy asks him.

“Well.. I don’t know. Before we started, she told me she had to use the bathroom from all the drinks she had when we were at the bar before. I asked her to wait a little bit, things were already so hot and heavy, I didn’t want to have to stop and wait. She held it while we continued. She kept wiggling around during foreplay, she was cupping her bladder while she su-... performed felatio on me?” he stops to chuckle with everyone else “And then, I guess the pressure of me inside of her pressed too hard on her bladder because BAM! She starts peeing. And it’s not like a little tinkle, it’s full blast. She stands up and she can’t stop because of how full she is.

I started to push her towards my bathroom, but she had already released so much, she was near empty at this point. My carpet was soiled, and luckily she was leaning on the bench at the end of my bed, so nothing actually on my bed was ruined. She was so embarrassed, though… I really didn’t mind, if anything the whole experience was so intimate, it made me want to keep going,” he blushes again and nods at everyone else. Some of the girls were looking at him with what I could only describe as “fuck-me” eyes, as if he just told the most romantic story.

“So what did you do?” another guy asks Jake.

“Uh… I mean, I kept going?” Jakes laughs a little bit “Once that was out of the way, and she cleaned up, she was ready to keep going.”

“Well, one time, I accidentally put a Slip-Knot song on my spotify ‘sexy time’ playlist…” another dude starts his own answer to Rory’s question. I’m half listening to him and half thinking about the story Jake shared with the group. I will have to admit, it is very romantic how he connected with this girl through her own embarrassing moment. But is it more to him that she spilled her bladder all over him? Is that why he wants to see me pee so badly? Is this how he judges the women in his life?

After Rory ran out of stories, and the others began retiring to their tents, I started drinking with Jake. I started gulping down my liter water bottle as soon as Rory zipped up his own tent. Jake offered to get me the purification drops for my water, but I didn’t really mind. I was pretty used to trail water, it tastes fresher, in a way. After I finished my 2 liters, Jake asked if I wanted more. I could already feel the heaviness of the water weighing down my bladder, but I thought it would impact the true amount I can hold if I didn’t fill myself to max capacity.

“Here you go, thirsty girl,” Jake hands me my refilled bottle, and I begin chugging again. Jake makes conversation with me while I begin feeling the impact of holding so much in my body. It is funny how such a simple action turns into an extreme annoyance. I sit on top of my legs and begin to bounce to keep my bladder tightened.

“Do you feel okay?” he asks, his eyes following me as I bounce.

“Yeah totally! I just think it’s funny how quickly this will all be over. I keep thinking ‘I should go pee’ before realizing I want to wait,” I giggle as I sip more water. The trail water that I previously romanticized was starting to make me feel sick to my stomach. Like the scene in Matilda where the boy has to eat the whole chocolate cake. I’m struggling keeping the water down and up at the same time.

“Do you want to head to the spot? We can wait out there more?” Jake asks.

“That’s probably a good idea,” I say, wincing and moaning as I stand up. My bladder has never felt this much all at once. I may sip and hold without realizing while I am hiking, but I have never tested its full limits. I can only imagine that the weight and pressure is similar to carrying a child.

Jake grabs his gallon water bottle, a roll of toilet paper, and flashlight to guide us with. While we start walking to the tree I had picked out, I cup my hand over my bladder and squeeze tightly. My thighs soon stick together in order to keep a tight hold and I waddle to the spot. Jake keeps looking over to me and smiling the same smile he had when he told his own pee story. He thinks this moment is a lot more romantic than I do, and I am starting to become annoyed with what a leisurely stroll this is for him while I am sweating to keep myself together. Every few steps I feel small drips onto my hand, but nothing massive near bursting that he is waiting for.

When we get to the tree, I take a heavy breath and lean against it. My bladder is so hard and painfully pressing outwards. I know that I am so close to bursting the way he wants me to and I am trying to push and move as much water forward and down to my bladder bulge to get a large measure.

Jake puts his water container down and unscrews the top. It reminds me of a giant bucket, long and wide enough that I know I won’t spill or squirt with bad aim. I begin to slide down my shorts painfully over the bulge of my bladder and I stop them at my knees. I slowly move towards the jug and squat over it, expecting myself to absolutely release a waterfall, but nothing happens. I reposition myself and shake my hips a little bit confused as to what is going on.

“What? What’s wrong?” Jake asks. I roll my eyes and wish I could just tell him to leave me alone while I figure it out.

“I have no clue? I was near an explosion the whole walk over here. Now that I am finally in position, nothing is coming out?” I whine with annoyance. I stand up again, constantly feeling the weight of my bladder push against me. I squat back down and spread my knees more when finally, the stream starts. The stream trickles at first, then begins to rush, before I am absolutely spurting the pee out of me. I have a small release until a flashlight lights up Jake’s head.

“Hey! What are you guys doing out there?” I hear a voice yell. Thank god, it doesn’t sound like Rory. I don’t know how to explain this to anyone, let alone a park ranger. I clench my bladder shut and stand up, immediately pressing my back to the tree in order to hide. The pain is less, but the extreme wanting to go is still there.

“Toni got sick! I took her for a walk in the woods for some air, I think it was the campfire!” Jake yells back. He looks back at me and nods his head. He gestures his hand to the ground in front of me, and I take this as a sign to put on a performance for whoever he is talking to. I begin making loud hurling noises, careful not to push too hard.

“Is she okay? Is she vomiting? You have to clean that up. It will attract animals,” the voice yells back.

“Just a little vomit. We’ll take care of it. Thank you!” Jake waves to the voice while I stay pressed up against the tree. I yell one last hurl for good measure as the light moves away from Jake.

“Who was that?” I say sharply, angry I was interrupted by someone.

“Big Daddy and his rope bunny,” Jake laughs “I think they too were scoping out a secret spot.”

I can’t help but roll my eyes and laugh with him. I can’t judge them though, compared to what I am doing in the forest late at night. To each their own, as they say. I waddle back over to the jug, and squat again, this time instantly gushing into the jug. I lose count after 25 seconds as I release more and more into his jug. The hot pee is steaming in the cold night air as it releases. Once the waterfall stops, I stand up, wincing at the now swollen empty bladder sitting within me. I back away and sit against the tree, but Jake eagerly rushes over to see all that I had done.

“1.8 liters?” Jake says, holding up the container and shining a flashlight to the measurements on the side “Are you joking? That is… that… wow. I am at a loss for words.” I blush at this weird compliment. I am out of breath from holding so much and releasing it all at once, so I am taking this time to just relax. He takes out his phone and snaps a picture like I broke a world record.

“What? What was that?” I ask, pointing to his phone.

“The picture? I don’t know. Don’t you think it’s cool? You peed so much! That is beyond impressive!” he says, handing me his phone to show me the picture. He dumps out my warm pee from the jug and you can still see the steam rise where it all lands.

I am too tired to ask anymore questions. I grab the toilet paper and clean myself quickly. Jake takes my hand and helps me stand up.

“So… what do you think about coming and spending the night in my tent? I pee for you, and you reward me with cuddles tonight? You are now obligated to monitor the sick girl,” I say, handing him his phone back.

“I thought you would never ask,” he smiles.

Check out my own extreme holds at: www.frostysfantasies.com

