A Self-Fulfilling Prophecy (complete and revised)

Author: brucejedi

*003*2021-04-21 02:44

Chapter 4. A Prophecy Foretold

Courtney placed her toilet aspirations on hold while she awaited the doctor’s advice. On Sunday, Kyle had checked the sheets and announced condescendingly, “All dry this morning—nice, sweetie!” To her, he had almost seemed disappointed. Well, he better get used to it.

Now she sat waiting in the examination room, staring at all the scary equipment. Most of it looked similar to the gynecologist’s, with stirrups and a swiveling funnel and—she averted her eyes.

At last the door swung open, and in walked a tall blonde lady in a white lab coat. “Allison Diaz,” she said, extending her hand. “So what can I help you with today, Courtney?”

“Um…with my incontinence?”

“Okay…what about it, specifically?” asked the doctor.

Maybe she should have planned this better. “Well…” Courtney began, “I had three accidents last week. One during sex, one at night, and one at an important work meeting.”

“I’m sorry to hear that. Accidents can be unnerving.”

“I mean, my boyfriend understands, and I hid it well at work, so it wasn’t, like, catastrophic or anything. But it’s still kind of humiliating. Is there…anything you can recommend?”

Diaz answered as if on autopilot: “Complete urinary incontinence is the norm for women and has no medically proven treatment. Have you considered investing in better diapers? Our office has several brands we recommend.”

“I already spend a fortune on diapers. The ones I wear get good reviews online and work about as well as can be expected. I just don’t…want to have to wear them.” There, she said it.

Diaz sighed. “None of us do, I suppose. So, is there anything else I can help you with?”

Courtney shook her head, feeling foolish for wasting the doctor’s time. And she practically had to beg Mr. Mills for the morning off—all for nothing, apparently. Dr. Diaz smiled warmly and started walking towards the door.

“Wait,” said Courtney. “Did you study with Dr. Jane Wolcott?”

The doctor froze. “Where did you hear that name?” she asked in a hushed voice.

“From an article she wrote—‘A Self-Fulfilling Prophecy.’ I only saw the title—the full-text was restricted for some reason. But I found an interview she did on TV, and then I saw your comment on the discussion board.”

“Hmm, sounds like the cat’s out of the bag. Can you keep a secret, Courtney?”

“Scout’s honor.”

Allison Diaz sat down next to her. “Jane was my doctoral advisor. When I arrived at the university, she was still an assistant professor, chasing corporate dollars. She assigned me to a project on diaper absorbency. Even then, she was trying to improve the lives of women. If they had more confidence in the effectiveness of their diapers, Jane thought they might have more confidence in themselves.”

Courtney nodded.

“But it soon grew clear that our corporate sponsors had no interest in improving their products. They just wanted our research to show they outperformed other brands. Think about it, do companies really want to design a longer-lasting daytime diaper? No, they want women changing as often as possible, to maximize sales. But Jane put on a face and brought in tons of grant money.

“When the university awarded her tenure, everything changed. She dropped her corporate sponsors and began asking more fundamental questions about female incontinence. It started small: Jane thought if women could direct at least some of their urine into the toilet, then maybe their diapers would stay dryer for longer. We began a proof-of-concept study, but our participants struggled—many had never tried to pee voluntarily before, ever.”

“Ohmygosh, that’s what happened to me!” Courtney blurted out.

“Wait, what?”

“Oh, uh…maybe I should have told you this sooner. I tried using a potty timer last week, but I couldn’t make it work.”

“You tried to toilet-train?”

“Briefly, yes, after watching Jane’s interview.”

“But it didn’t go so well?”

“There was a lot of…mopping involved.” Courtney frowned. “So what happened with your experiment?”

“Some of the women made progress, others didn’t. The biggest outcome was to whet Jane’s appetite. She started hunting for anything she could find on female incontinence. But search after search turned up empty. Apparently, either no one finds it worth studying, or no one’s willing to fund it.”

“Or some combination,” Courtney added.

“Exactly. But her exhaustive review led to one crucial finding: that the standard account lacks evidence behind it. It’s more myth than science. One day Jane looked up from her screen, turned to me, and asked, ‘Could women learn to direct all of their urine into the toilet? Could they ditch their diapers altogether?’ The next few months were a flurry of activity—writing grant proposals, recruiting participants, and conducting the first-ever study of female toilet-training.”

“Jane mentioned that in the video,” said Courtney, “but she said the funding dried up.”

“Well, that’s half true. In fact, it was the human subjects board that pulled the plug. They claimed the study was causing the participants undo stress, with too small a chance of long-term benefit. Jane appealed, but she lost her case, and the study ended with no definitive results. Since then, no funding agency has been willing to touch the topic.”

“So that’s it? We’ll never know?”

“That was the end of Jane’s research, but not of the story, itself. Based on her notes and preliminary findings, she published the speculative article you saw. It sparked a torrent of interest, especially among female urologists. Even a few local news channels picked up the story. Then came the hate mail. The lewd, demeaning comments on discussion boards. Rightwing groups demanding that Jane be fired. And then the journal editors informed us that they were rescinding her article, on the grounds that it ‘lacked substantiated evidence.’ After that, Jane’s work was purged from all the major databases. No one will ever see it online again.”

“That’s so awful,” said Courtney.

“Thankfully, tenure protected Jane from being fired. But the university bowed to the rightwing media and refused to defend her work. As the hate mail accumulated, Jane began to fear for her personal safety. She stopped taking interviews. She withdrew from public life. Jane confided that she thought the diaper industry had orchestrated her downfall. But I’m not so sure. The motive for keeping women in diapers extends far beyond just those who sell them. It’s the lynchpin of our patriarchal society. The world isn’t ready to listen to Jane Wolcott.”

Courtney struggled to take all this in. “So the self-fulfilling prophecy is true, then?”

“Truth is a complicated word in science. Suffice it to say that the standard explanation rests on flimsy ground. Whether Jane’s theory is any better remains to be seen.”

“Well, what do you think?”

“Personally, I believe her.”

“I wish I could have read the essay before it got taken offline,” Courtney mused.

Allison smiled. She unlocked the top drawer of her desk and said, “Remember this stuff? It’s called ‘paper.’” She handed Courtney a stapled pamphlet.

Courtney read the title out loud: “A self-fulfilling prophecy.”

“Happy reading,” said the doctor. “In the meantime, how about that urological exam?”

“Oh yeah, that.” Courtney glanced back at the scary equipment. “Maybe we could skip that part?”

Allison laughed. “Come on, let’s see what we’re up against. Is your diaper dry?”

“I changed it before you came in.”

“Great. And how long before that did you wet it?”

“Um, I don’t remember?” It wasn’t something she normally thought about.

“Alright. Here, drink this bottle of lemonade. I’d like to test your bladder function.”

Courtney gulped it down.

“Ready?” The doctor beckoned at the examination chair.

Courtney took a deep breath. She removed her skirt, walked over, and placed her legs in the stirrups.

“I have your height listed at 5’4”, weight: 135, age: 26. Sound correct?”

“Mm hmm.”

“Okay, shall we remove your diaper now?”

Courtney nodded hesitantly. She undid the tapes and lifted her hips to allow Dr. Diaz to slide it off. She felt a rush of fear, and then relief as the doctor positioned the swiveling funnel against her vulva. A strap was tightened around her waist, and another high-up around each thigh, holding her flush against the funnel.

“How does that feel? Secure enough against your skin?” Allison asked.

“I guess so?”

“Well, it won’t catch every drop—but neither does a diaper, right?”

Courtney half-smiled.

“I saw you get nervous when we removed yours.”

“Yeah,” said Courtney.

“So tell me: If you went without protection with a toilet close by, how confident are you that you could avoid an accident—very confident, somewhat confident, or not confident at all?”

“Um, not confident at all.”

“How many diapers do you go through in a day?”

“Like five or six?”

“And how often do you leak when you sneeze, cough, or exert yourself physically—very often, somewhat often, rarely, or never?”

“Um, very often,” said Courtney.

Diaz jotted down some notes. “Okay, let’s test this funnel out. Can you cough for me?”

Courtney coughed. Normally she would feel moisture in her diaper from that, but without one she couldn’t tell. “Did I…?”

“Yup, you leaked some into the funnel. Okay, now I’m going to swivel this down for your examination. If you feel yourself starting to go, just holler and we’ll swivel it right back up.”

“Okay,” said Courtney, feeling nervous again as cool air graced her vulva.

“This might hurt just a bit,” said Allison. Courtney felt something slide inside her. “We’re going to measure the strength of your pelvic floor muscles. Can you clench against this diode I just inserted?”

“Like this?” she pressed her thighs together as best she could in the stirrups.

“No, not with your legs. Internally, I mean.”

Courtney felt around down there with her mind. “Um, how?”

“Not happening, hmm?”

“Is that bad?”

“Well, you’re not alone—trust me. Answer me this: How much advanced warning do you get before you urinate—a whole lot, some, or hardly any?”

“Hardly any at all.”

“And can you ever delay or prevent urination?”

“No, I can’t—ohmygosh!”

Quick as a fox, Allison slid the instrument out and flipped the funnel back into place. “Okay, Courtney, try to hold it back as long as you can for me, alright?”

“Okay—ooh, ooohhh.” She heard pee splatter against the funnel.

“Well, that confirms what you said just now. Here’s a wet-wipe.” The doctor flipped the funnel back down to let her clean herself off.

After Courtney finished, she asked, “Can you flip it back up? I can’t reach it.”

“Sure,” said the doctor.

Courtney collected herself. “So what’s your diagnosis?”

“Well, severe mixed incontinence. But that sounds worse than it is, considering every woman I’ve examined presents the same way. Jane would say that your urethral sphincter has become paralyzed from lack of use. That’s why the potty timer didn’t work.”

“So…I’m worse off than a three-year-old toddler?”

Allison looked straight at Courtney. “Essentially, yes. But I wouldn’t give up hope just yet. We can try to rehabilitate your sphincter. If you can build back enough strength, then it becomes a matter of learning to heed your body’s signals—and remembering to go.”

“Okay,” Courtney said slowly. All this sounded really difficult. “Do you…know my chances of success?”

“Let’s just hope for the best.”

* * *

Courtney arrived home from work that day jittery with excitement. She checked her diaper: damp but not truly wet—that in-between state where changing it felt like wasting money. She glanced at the package Allison had given her. She was too eager to open it to change now, anyway.

Courtney lifted the lid and peered inside. Dominating the space was a stack of women’s pull-ups in various colors, just like the ones from Jane’s video. It made sense, given the package was originally intended for participants in the toilet-training experiment. Courtney examined one, noting how thin the padding felt.

As she lifted the next item from the bag, a broad grin crossed her face. This had no padding at all, just delicate nylon with touches of lace around the edges and cotton lining the gusset. There were three—a black one, a white one, and this one in a rosy pink—three pairs of women’s underwear.

She locked the bedroom door—not that she was expecting anyone, but because this had the naughty feel of trying on items from a sex shop. She lay back on her bed and removed her skirt and diaper. After dabbing herself clean, she slid the underwear up her legs till they rested snugly around her hips. Then she stood at the full-length mirror.

The top she wore obscured the garment slightly, so she stripped down to just her bra and…panties. She borrowed the word the newscaster had used, as “underwear” felt too stuffy. She turned in the mirror, admiring the smooth lines of her silhouette. Without external padding, her curvy hips and rear looked more in proportion, like she had just lost five pounds. The lace pattern didn’t match her bra as well as her diapers did, but the colors aligned well enough. Overall, she felt gorgeous.

Then her gaze fell to her groin, covered in nothing but the thinnest cotton. And with that, her fantasy bubble burst, leaving her shy and exposed, like a girl caught raiding her mother’s lingerie chest. She shouldn’t be wearing these; she could wet them at any moment. Her hand cupped her crotch protectively as she retreated to the bed where her diaper lay.

Her fingers recoiled, though, when she touched the damp padding, grown ice-cold from the bedroom air. She must have wet it worse than she thought. She was about to retrieve another when the final item in the package caught her eye: a long, white object like the one Allison had slipped inside her. Courtney switched it on, half expecting it to vibrate, but instead the word “Ready” displayed in glowing letters.

Courtney knew what to do next. Lying atop an absorbent towel, she removed the panties and spread her legs wide. Then she pushed the long, rounded end inside. She shut her eyes and tried with all her might to squeeze her pelvic floor. She tried again, and again, but nothing happened. Finally she removed the object and gazed dejectedly at the number “0” on the screen. Sighing, she removed a diaper from the drawer of her nightstand. Well, she had gone nearly ten minutes unprotected without causing a mess. That was something, right?

She retrieved the pamphlet Allison had given her and snuggled under the covers for some bedtime reading.

* * *

Wolcott, J. (2020). A self-fulfilling prophecy? An environmental theory of female urinary incontinence.

Most people believe that incontinence in women derives from the lack of a penis. Popular culture promotes this myth; even school health textbooks promote it. The reality, of course, is more complicated. As a man’s bladder fills, messages are sent to his brain indicating a growing need to urinate. Yet he can still keep the valve closed without much effort. If he wishes to pee, he relaxes his urethral sphincter, which signals the bladder to contract, forcing the urine out. Otherwise, he simply holds on till a convenient time. Only when his bladder approaches very high capacity does he begin to feel more desperate—and even then, he almost never voids involuntarily. He finds an acceptable place and urinates there.

The picture is quite different for women. The same nerves surrounding the bladder are present, but the signals they send get interpreted differently, or perhaps not at all. When asked, the typical man can gauge his bladder’s fullness; a woman typically has no idea. Furthermore, although a woman’s sphincter holds her urethra closed at most times, these muscles are smaller and much weaker than a man’s. When prompted, most women cannot flex them, and when stimulated artificially, they produce only the faintest contraction.

Thus, women do not sense the need to urinate, nor can they delay its occurrence. When a woman’s bladder fills to a certain point, her sphincter opens and her bladder empties, causing a wetting. Women often report feeling a mounting pressure just beforehand, but rarely more than a few seconds—hardly enough time to reach a toilet or even to remove her clothes. This is called urgency incontinence and explains her reliance on diapers.

The flaccid state of the female sphincter also explains the common leaks she experiences when anything presses against her bladder—a cough, a laugh, vigorous exercise, all push out small amounts of urine. This is called stress incontinence and contributes to her need for constant protection.

Finally, the female bladder, itself, is smaller and less elastic. Whereas a man’s can hold several hours’ worth of urine, a woman’s fills within an hour or two. If she changed after each daytime wetting, she might go through 8–12 diapers a day. Of course, most find it inconvenient (or too expensive) to change that often, and so wear the same diaper for longer before changing it. As adult wettings tend to be small, this practice will not overflow most brands; it does, however, condition women to near constant moisture, decreasing their awareness of stress-induced leaks.

It is these factors combined, and not the lack of a penis, that produce the severe form of mixed incontinence seen in all adult women.

The question is, why do these sex-based differences exist? Canonical science assumes them to be innate. But if that were so, certain developmental observations are hard to explain. For example, bladder size in male and female infants is virtually identical, and expands in both genders through age 10. A girl that age can often stay dry for three or four hours, during which time her mother might wet twice or more.

In adolescence, male capacity continues to expand, but, oddly, female capacity declines. By the age of 16, a girl might find herself unable to last more than a couple hours between wettings. This helps explain the frequent stories of teenage girls running out of supplies and thinking they can make it home or to the store without protection, only to experience an embarrassing accident. Many don’t realize just how much their bladder capacity has diminished since childhood.

Furthermore, young girls seem more cognizant of the state of their bladders than adult women are. They may claim, “Mom, I need to pee, but my diaper’s already full.” Or they even ask to try using the toilet (e.g., after watching a male sibling do so). It is unknown whether prepubescent girls can shut their sphincter voluntarily, but anecdotal evidence suggests they can. Very young ones have been known run around the house naked without causing a mess, while a girl as old as 12 might strut about in only a towel after bathing, confident she could retrieve a diaper—or even run to the toilet—if she felt a sudden urge.

We also know that stress incontinence, as a rule, does not arrive until puberty. In popular culture, the onset of these leaks marks a sign of maturity, like a girl’s first bra or period. She will notice she now gets wetter more quickly during exercise and will purchase athletic diapers to compensate. (It’s no accident that free samples come packaged with teen-style sports bras.) She will notice that exhilarating or stressful experiences now cause wetness—chalked up by popular culture as the result of raging hormones.

The medical establishment assumes these changes to be perfectly normal—that the onset of female puberty stimulates the development of the “mature” urinary system. But why would girls naturally become more incontinent as they grow older? What could possibly be the evolutionary advantage? Here I advance an alternative, environmental theory.

Consider children’s early upbringing. Parents will potty-train their son at 2 or 3, while they keep their same-aged daughter in diapers. As her capacity and control naturally increase, her efforts to choose when and where to pee are met with dismissal, even ridicule. Many a loving and devoted mother, knowing their own degree of incontinence, will try to dissuade their daughters from ever attempting to pee in the toilet, so as not to build up false hope. When a little boy has an accident, he gets encouragement and a pat on the back; when a girl has one, it confirms her need for diapers in the eyes of the world.

These environmental factors produce, first psychological effects, and then physical ones. With no reason to monitor the state of her bladder, a girl’s ability to do so plateaus. At age ten, she might physically be capable of walking to the toilet, sitting down, and peeing in it, but psychologically, she cannot do this consistently. Girls this age are known to try it—e.g., to challenge parental expectations—but often they wet themselves before realizing they had to go. Like a male toddler in pull-ups, her mind forgets to heed her bladder’s warnings.

Because girls’ incontinence is primarily psychological at this stage, established methods of toilet-training could quite possibly correct it—e.g. use of a “potty timer,” or keeping a potty, itself, close at hand. I see no reason why such techniques would be any less effective with girls than they are with young boys.

The social reality, though, is that girls are not encouraged to toilet-train; they are actively discouraged from even trying. This leads us to the final chapter in our story. “Use it or lose it,” the saying goes—and nowhere is this truer than with the female urinary system. Notwithstanding the occasional act of experimentation, a young girl in diapers has little cause to squeeze shut her urethral sphincter to delay a wetting. After years of disuse, these muscles begin to atrophy, causing wettings to feel more sudden and unpreventable, and setting a vicious cycle in motion.

The onset of stress incontinence marks the next step in this downward spiral. As noted above, these leaks typically begin in early adolescence and worsen over time. As a girl’s physical ability to hold in urine diminishes, she grows ever more reliant on external protection. A day comes when she cannot remember the last time she registered an impending need to urinate; wettings now happen randomly without warning.

In males, longer periods of holding—particularly at night—help maintain the bladder’s elasticity. In teenage girls, the sphincter has grown too weak to prevent the bladder from emptying prematurely. At night, for example, they may wet three times or more. This lack of “exercise,” if you will, explains the decline in female bladder capacity seen in adolescence, and the smaller, more frequent wettings that result.

These psychological and physical changes plot the course towards “mature” female incontinence. By way of example, in her late teens a girl will experience her first accident on the way from the shower to the changing table. After that, she will start placing a spare diaper outside the shower that she can fasten immediately after bathing. A bit later, she will suffer her first accident in the midst of changing, and will start laying a new diaper beneath her on the changing pad before removing her old one. This way, she avoids even a few moments without protection. By age twenty, most women shudder at the thought of going unprotected for any length of time at all.

In sum, female urinary incontinence may truly be a self-fulfilling prophecy: What began with her unnecessary relegation to diapers ends with her total dependence on them.

Looking forward, this means that toilet-training will be far more difficult for a grown woman than it would have been as a child. She would have to retrain her urethral sphincter to contract on demand, and build back enough muscle tone to prevent both leaks and full-on wettings. She would have to relearn to gauge the state of her bladder. Strategies such as a voiding diary or timed urination might then help her transition from wetting her diaper to peeing in a toilet. No one knows if this is achievable, but we never will unless we try.

* * *

Courtney set the article down, her mind ablaze. It all made sense now: wetting the bed more often, leaking during exercise, feeling her control gradually slip away. None of it was inevitable, after all. She felt profoundly cheated, but at the same time, hopeful. She removed her diaper (still dry!) and inserted the instrument once again…

After several minutes, she squealed in frustration. Okay, Courtney, concentrate. She closed her eyes and breathed in deep. Still nothing. She tried moving the object around—maybe she had it in the wrong spot?

And then she felt it: a slight, involuntary spasm like what might occur during sex. She removed the instrument and grinned with satisfaction at the screen that read “1.”

*004*2021-04-21 19:49

Chapter 5. Potty-Training, Take Two

Each night Courtney practiced her pelvic floor exercises. By week’s end, she could reproduce Monday’s result with some consistency, but voluntary contraction still eluded her. That part of her body felt so disconnected from her mind that she might as easily lifted a spoon through telekinesis.

Until one day, it happened—at work of all places. She’d been practicing behind her desk, searching and searching for that lost neural connection—when, miraculously, it fired. The faintest tremor, but she felt it plain and clear.

“Got all that, Courtney? On my desk by 10:00 tomorrow.”

“Hmm? Oh…of course, sir.” She tried squeezing again, but now it escaped her. Darn it!

At home that night, though, she hit upon it again, and then a third time shortly after. She had it cornered now, exposed with nowhere to hide. She squeezed again, more meekly this time, as her muscles had grown fatigued. No matter—now she could exercise them whenever she liked. By Friday, the instrument displayed a “2” for the first time, and she called Allison with the exciting news.

“That’s fantastic, Courtney! Keep at it, and it should improve a lot more. In the meantime, I feel you’re ready for the next step.”

“Pull-ups?”

“Exactly. Set a timer like you did before, and be sure to sit on the toilet even if you feel no urge to go.”

“Okay.”

“And if you feel the urge when you’re not sitting on it, use those pelvic muscles to hold on as long as you can. Even if it’s just for a few seconds, that’s progress.”

“Right.”

“I know you’ll do great, Courtney! Talk soon, okay?”

“Wait—I have a question.” She thought of her first failed attempt at this.

“Yes?”

“How do I…pee on the toilet?”

* * *

Courtney drank a tall glass of water like Allison suggested. Then she pranced to the bathroom cabinet where she had stashed the pull-ups. She picked out a white one and lay back on the changing table to remove her newly wet diaper. There she paused. How would she manage this in front of Kyle? He was coming by for dinner in an hour.

The unspoken rules of diaper etiquette flashed through her mind, ingrained through her years of growing up female:

A lady never lets her diaper show. Everyone knows you’re wearing one, but don’t make it obvious. Disguise your ruffles with a flowy skirt, dark colors, or structured denim. A lady never lets anyone know. When you wet, be discrete about it, and don’t let it distract you from what you were saying or doing. Carry on as if nothing occurred. A lady always waits her turn. Never change when it would inconvenience others. Wait till the end of a meal or show—and in the case of a single facility, let men go first. The rules seemed silly sometimes, but when everyone around you followed them and expected you to as well, flouting them wasn’t so easy.

Well, the first caused no issue for Courtney. The pull-ups were thinner than any pair of diapers she owned and would hardly show through. As for the second rule, she had long since trained herself to wet discreetly. It took discipline, but no more so in a pull-up than in a diaper, it would seem. The third rule proved trickier, as her timer would surely go off during dinner.

Maybe she should wait to try this when Kyle wasn’t around? They’d been spending most weekends together, though, recently—her only real opportunity to practice. Perhaps she should just tell him the truth. He would understand, wouldn’t he? So she slid on the pull-up and set her timer for 45 minutes. Then she set to work in the kitchen.

Courtney mixed together a salad and fried some potatoes. She was about to put the lambchops in the oven when her timer buzzed. Well, that’s inconvenient. She would have to drop what she was doing just to go pee? She considered waiting until she had finished cooking. No, better not push her luck. Who knew how much longer she would stay dry?

At the toilet, she hiked up her skirt and slid the pull-up down her thighs. Wow, so much easier than fiddling with the tapes on a diaper! Then she sat down and tried to relax. She pictured a garden sprinkler, water filling the bath, and the rest of Allison’s suggestions, but nothing worked. Come on, Courtney, pee now or you’ll flood your pull-up at dinner…and with that thought, a small tinkle sounded. Holy cow, she did it!

When the trickle ceased, she stood and reached for her pull-up, but felt a drip grace her hand. Now exposed to the cool bathroom air, her entire vulva and parts of her fanny felt wet. Did guys have to wipe after peeing in the toilet? She did, apparently. Oh well, still simpler than cleaning up after a wet diaper.

* * *

“Hello beautiful,” said Kyle as she opened the door. He hugged her tight, his hand trailing down below her waist as it often did, causing a slight crinkle.

Courtney wondered if the pull-up sounded any different than a diaper. “I made lambchops,” she announced.

“They smell amazing. Here, we’ll have them with this.” He held up a bottle of wine.

“Yay! I’ll go chill it. Hey, I need to tell you something before we eat.”

“What is it, sweetheart?”

She gazed into his pretty eyes. “I…uh…am so excited about our dinner together!”

Kyle smiled. “Me too! Shall we?” He beckoned towards the kitchen.

Okay, so maybe she wouldn’t be telling him quite yet. Reaching into her pocket, Courtney switched her phone to vibrate.

They sat down at the table and started enjoying the meal. A few minutes into it, Kyle said, “These lambchops are amazing. What did you put on them?”

“Rosemary.” Just then, Courtney’s hip vibrated. “Sorry, will you excuse me for a minute?”

He looked at her quizzically. “Uh, sure.”

She headed to the bathroom and sat on the toilet once again. She checked her pull-up: still dry. A minute passed, but nothing happened. How long did it normally take to change? Not much longer than this, she imagined. She tried for another minute, but she could think only of Kyle waiting out there impatiently, which made it even harder to pee. Finally she gave up.

“Sorry about that, sweetheart,” she said, returning to the table.

“Oh…no problem.”

The meal continued, with Kyle soon describing an issue he encountered at work. “We ended up having to reboot the whole system…”

At that moment, Courtney felt a strong pressure build. Here it comes. For the first time in recent memory, she pushed back against it deliberately. She actually felt the muscles clench—she was doing this!

“…turns out it was a hardware problem all along…”

Courtney nodded. But the pressure continued to mount, exerting unbearable force against her quickly tiring muscles.

“…we tried rewiring the thing, but that didn’t work either. Courtney, are you even listening?”

“Mm hmm.” Her efforts collapsed, and she felt her pull-up grow warm. She tried her best to hide the look of relief that crossed her face.

“So that’s where it stands,” said Kyle. “I’ll troubleshoot it again on Monday.”

“That’s crazy,” said Courtney, feigning comprehension. “So, ready for dessert?”

“You baked?”

“Nah.” She walked to the refrigerator, her saturated pull-up squishing between her thighs. “I bought these, though!” She placed a white box on the table.

“Éclairs? No way!”

“Way.”

Kyle poured them another glass of wine. Courtney sipped it slowly as she ate, conscious of the state of her pull-up. Finally her hip vibrated again.

“Did you enjoy the meal?” she asked.

“Loved it.”

“I’ll be right back.”

Courtney managed to squirt a tiny bit more into the toilet, her pull-up having absorbed the vast majority. She cleaned herself thoroughly, then pondered what to wear next. A diaper felt like regression, but at least it would arouse no suspicion. Besides, she wanted to look sexy for him. The plain white pull-up looked drab compared to the frilly diaper that matched the bra she had on.

“Cute set,” Kyle said later that evening, as he finished removing her skirt.

Courtney smiled.

“So was it the wine, sweetie?”

“Hmm?”

“Lots of changing this evening.” He unhooked her bra.

“Oh—yeah, must have been the wine. I, uh…didn’t want to take any chances.” She would fill him in tomorrow. Right now, she would simply enjoy what he was doing to her breasts.

* * *

The weekend was a flurry of activity, with clothes shopping, a movie date with Kyle, and two trips to the gym inspired by the shopping trip. Courtney remained in diapers the whole time, afraid of navigating pull-ups and a potty timer outside her home. She finally slipped one on after work on Monday, her face brimming with excitement as she tossed her soggy diaper in the trash.

Ooh, first I better try peeing, she realized. She sat on the toilet for a bit, but apparently she had wet too recently—maybe on the drive home? The memory was foggy. She set her timer for a safe 45 minutes, then pondered what to make for dinner. In the end, she stuck with a salad—appropriate, given how her ass had looked in designer jeans, her diaper forming obnoxious patterns in the denim. She refused to go up another pant size.

“Have you had a diaper fitting recently?” the salesgirl had asked.

“Uh…yes,” Courtney lied. The thought of the perky coed stretching a tape measure around her softened hips made her cringe.

To make the salad more palatable, Courtney doused it in French dressing and poured a glass of diet Coke to go with. Then she sat at the table, enjoying the feel of her thin pull-up beneath her flowy skirt. She flicked on the television. Earlier that day, her boss had berated her for missing an imaginary deadline, so a bit of reality TV felt well deserved.

Before she knew it, her timer sounded. Time to pee already? Her show wasn’t even over. Reluctantly, she stood up from the table and sat again on the toilet. After a minute or so, a trickled emerge, building to a stream that split in two and ran across each butt cheek. Was there a tidier way to do this? she wondered, unrolling a wad of toilet paper. She reset her timer for an hour.

Still hungry, Courtney microwaved popcorn and resumed her show. The cold diet soda complimented the buttery taste so well—she poured herself another. When the episode ended, she plopped onto the couch and began the next one. Soon her cares drifted away, unmoored by the inane plot. Would Savannah choose Ted or Henry? Both were so good-looking. Personally, Courtney preferred Albert, but he had already been voted off.

A pressure formed at Courtney’s groin, barely registered. Then warmth spread between her thighs. I guess I’m peeing now… Wait—I’m peeing? Her eyes flashed wide—she wasn’t supposed to do that! How long had it been? Her phone said 48 minutes. Courtney sighed. She was supposed go in the toilet, or at least practice holding for a few seconds, not just mindlessly wet herself. She resolved to be more conscientious.

* * *

A couple weeks later, Kyle kissed Courtney goodbye after a leisurely Saturday breakfast. “Tell the girls I say hi, okay?”

“You bet.”

As soon as the door shut, she hurried to the bathroom to try to pee. Krystal would be here any minute to drive to the train station, where Jenny would be arriving from the city. Then it was back to Krystal’s for Netflix and drinks. To Courtney’s delight, a decent amount sprayed into the bowl, though some trailed down her thigh. Maybe I’m finally getting the hang of this? She wiped herself and set her timer for an hour.

“Honk, honk!”

“One sec,” Courtney texted.

She yanked up her pull-up and jeans. Then she grabbed her bag and descended the stairs, her heart aflutter. At the front door, she gripped the knob with a sweaty palm. Each day this week, she had intended to wear a pull-up to work…but how would she explain her zillion trips to the office bathroom? So instead she had practiced holding in her diaper. Twelve seconds was her best so far—when she remembered to try, that is. So unaccustomed to monitoring her bladder’s behavior, she tended to pee absentmindedly—or worse, find her diaper wet with no memory of how it got that way. Needless to say, this morning marked her first time venturing out in a pull-up. She took a deep breath and turned the latch.

Jenny gave her a huge hug when they arrived at the station. “How’s my skinny, childless girlfriend?”

“You look great too!” said Courtney.

“Yeah, lots of healthy meat on these bones.”

“Oh, stop,” Courtney retorted, though Jenny’s baby weight was plenty evident. Courtney almost did feel skinny in comparison. “You remember Krystal, don’t you?”

“Hot blond receptionist? Of course!”

“So nice to see you again,” said Krystal. Her blue eyes and flowing curls looked striking as always, her slight tummy well camouflaged by her generous bust—much like Jenny before her pregnancy.

“Shot gun!” Jenny yelled, as she tossed her bag in the trunk.

Courtney settled into the back seat and checked her phone: twenty-five minutes left on the timer. She should be safe for a while, hopefully.

“How’s that boy Kyle?” asked Jenny.

“They’re in looove,” Krystal sang out.

“Oh my gosh, is it true?”

“Kind of?” said Courtney. “He’s super sweet.”

“But you haven’t said it yet,” said Jenny.

“Well, not out loud.”

“Just say it,” said Krystal.

“Not before he does!” Courtney objected.

“Definitely not,” Jenny agreed. “So, whereto for lunch?”

Hopefully somewhere close, thought Courtney, as her potty timer buzzed. Using it was proving tricky when out and about.

Finally they pulled into a ’50s-style diner.

“Anyone need a change?” asked Krystal on the way in.

Jenny shook her head.

“I’ll go with,” Courtney offered. “Jenny, we’ll come find you after.”

Inside the women’s room, Krystal set her purse down on a changing table, while Courtney headed for the stall.

“Don’t tell me you’re still trying this,” Krystal called over the divider.

“My pull-up is still dry. Can you believe it?”

“A pull-up? Seriously?”

“They’re super comfy. You should try one.”

“Dry for how long?”

“Over two hours—though I peed in the toilet halfway through.”

“How did you manage that?”

“I’m using a timer. When it goes off, I try to go.”

“And that actually works?”

“Sometimes it does.” Courtney conjured a raging waterfall in her mind, but still nothing happened.

“Sometimes I think you’re nuts,” said Krystal, starting the faucet to wash her hands.

The sound provided the inspiration Courtney needed. Yes! Twice in a row!

* * *

At lunch, she and Jenny exchanged stories of old times.

“Tell me a really embarrassing one about Courtney,” Krystal begged.

“Hmm,” said Jenny. “Well, there was a certain game of Truth or Dare…”

“Ugh, can we forget that ever happened?” Courtney pleaded.

Jenny told it anyway.

When she reached the climax, Krystal exclaimed, “Oh, you poor thing!”

“Well, I blame Jenny for letting the dare stand.”

“Me? But I even got you the towel and everything!”

Courtney laughed out loud.

Whoops. She managed to squeeze things shut, but not before dampening her pull-up. A minor leak, but it could foretell something worse. She checked her phone: just twelve minutes left on the timer. The safest option would be to try going now, but she didn’t want to be rude. I’ll at least wait till it buzzes, she reasoned—but when it did, the meal still seemed far from over. She tried to assess her state of urgency, but of course she felt nothing. She pressed snooze and hoped for the best.

“What about you, Krystal?” Jenny asked. “You must have stories from work.”

“Well, Courtney is always saying our boss is a misogynist twat, which he kind of is. But whenever he’s around, she’s always like, ‘Yes, Mr. Mills! Of course, Mr. Mills!’”

“Sounds like the girl I remember.”

“Hey!” Courtney objected. Then her eyes went wide. She clenched as hard as she could and started counting in her head. One one-thousand, two one-thousand…eight one-thousand, nine one—ohmygosh! She felt her pull-up inflate, while her heart did the opposite. She scolded herself for not going earlier.

“Wow, I can’t believe I ate that much food,” said Jenny. “That’s like, a week’s worth of visits to the gym.”

“Tell me about it,” said Courtney, composing herself.

“Oh shush. What are you, like still a size small?”

“I wish!”

“Let’s work it off over Netflix and booze,” Krystal suggested.

“My kind of girl.” Jenny stood and started heading towards the exit.

This meant there would be no second trip to the changing room, as Krystal had already used it. Courtney was not about to inconvenience everyone with another request. Her soggy pull-up squished against her in the car seat. She prayed it would hold up until Krystal’s.

* * *

Thank goodness! Courtney whispered in the bathroom when she could find no wet spots on her jeans. A close call, though, considering how little padding the pull-up possessed. She felt around absentmindedly for the tapes. Duh! These don’t have them. So she was forced to remove her socks, shoes, and jeans just to slide the thing off—careful as to keep the pee-soaked padding clear of her legs. She cleaned herself up and slid on another. Then she joined her friends on the couch, where Jenny and Krystal were already curled up, imbibing popcorn and vodka tonics.

They watched two episodes of their favorite romantic comedy. When Krystal went to mix more drinks, Courtney escaped to the bathroom and managed to pee a little. A couple episodes later, her hip vibrated again. “Hey, excuse me for a minute,” she said. Feeling self-conscious, she added, “Start the next one without me if you want.”

This time only the tiniest tinkle sounded in the bowl, scant output given the volume of alcohol she’d consumed. That did not bode well. She inspected her pull-up, grown damp from intermittent leaks. Still wearable, though.

“Everything okay, hon?” Jenny asked when Courtney returned.

“Hmm?”

“Haven’t you changed, like, three times since we’ve been here?”

“Oh, that...uh…”

“She’s potty-training,” said Krystal. Then she covered her mouth. “Oops, was I not supposed to say?”

“She’s doing what?”

Courtney took a deep breath. “Don’t worry, Krystal. I would have told her eventually.”

“But…how?” asked Jenny.

“Ladies, this will blow you mind…” Courtney retold the entire story, from Jane Wolcott’s interview, to the experiments with Allison Diaz, to the self-fulfilling prophecy, itself.

“So now Courtney’s trying pull-ups and a potty timer,” Krystal added.

Jenny, who had been silent through all of this, suddenly burst out laughing. “I’m sorry, but it’s too much! A potty timer? We use one with my three-year-old son!”

Courtney gazed towards the floor. Of all people, she thought Jenny would understand. “You know, it’s actually working—kind of,” she muttered.

“Hey, girl,” said Jenny, suddenly serious again. She lifted Courtney’s chin back up. “It’s working for my toddler son too. Who’s to say, right?”

“Yeah, who’s to say?” Krystal chimed in.

A slight grin formed on Courtney’s face. “I’ve got tons of pull-ups. Want to try too, Jenny?”

“Heck no! For one, my fat ass would never fit into them. But…we’ve got your back, cool?”

“Yeah, whatever we can do,” said Krystal.

“Aww, that’s so sweet of you,” said Courtney. “Ready to watch the next one? There’s still seventeen left in this season.”

“I have a question, first,” said Jenny. “What happens…in between when the timer goes off? Like, can you actually…feel the need and make it to—”

“—Still working on that.”

“Meaning?”

“Meaning I haven’t made it…yet. I don’t get much advanced warning—or…any, really.”

“If it happens,” said Krystal, “we could pause the show and help.”

“Absolutely we can!” Jenny added.

“Um, okay,” said Courtney. “Thanks.”

They started the next episode. When it finished, Jenny looked at Courtney as if waiting for a cue.

“What?”

“I didn’t know if you needed to…”

Courtney looked up from her phone. “What are you, my mother? I’m fine. Start the next one.”

Krystal pressed play, and the episode meandered towards its climactic scene.

~ ~

“Jack! You flew home from Paris?”

“Oui Madame.” He grinned broadly, then pulled her close. “Alyssa, I couldn’t wait any longer.”

She swiped his hand off the hem of her skirt. “Please, let me change first.”

As she shut the bathroom door after her, George emerged from behind the shower curtain. “Are you actually wet?” he whispered.

“Not that I can tell.”

“In that case…” He unzipped her skirt, revealing a red lace diaper beneath.

“George,” she whispered. “He’s right outside!”

“I know. It makes it so much hotter.” He kissed her square on the lips.

~ ~

“Ohmygosh!” Courtney exclaimed, as her hand flew to her groin.

“Pause it, quick!” said Krystal.

“With me, okay?” Jenny offered, extending an arm.

Courtney took it, her other hand still wedged between her trembling legs. “I’ll never make it. I’ll just…go right here.”

“No you won’t. Up, we go. Toilet’s just over there.”

Courtney took a few faltering steps while hanging onto Jenny for support. “Yeah, I got this, I—ohmygosh!” Her eyes glazed over as her bladder released.

“That’s farther than I would have made it,” Krystal remarked.

“Same,” Jenny agreed.

Courtney sighed. “Guess I should have gone when the last one ended.”

“Mm hmm,” said Jenny.

“Well…since it’s already paused, I’m-a go change out of this soggy thing. They don’t hold much.”

* * *

Several hours later, Jenny stood and dusted the pizza crumbs from her bust. “Krystal, want to flick the TV off? Time to get ready.”

“Sure you don’t want to finish the season?” Courtney asked.

“We should go out—hic—show Jenny the local scene.” Krystal set down her drink.

“Might wanna sober up some before then,” Jenny suggested.

Krystal stood up. “I’m good, see? Not even wobbly.” She trudged off to the bedroom.

Oh well, thought Courtney. The Netflix marathon offered a predictable rhythm: two episodes, then the toilet, rinse and repeat—like a built-in potty timer to help her stay dry. Navigating a bar felt daunting in comparison.

“Courtney—off the couch, now!” Jenny then explained, “I never get to do this. When you have a kid, you’ll see.”

Courtney sat to pee before joining her friends in the bedroom. She watched Krystal emerge from the closet with an outfit picked out. Her friend tossed everything on the bed, minus a sky-blue diaper, and ducked into the bathroom to change into it. Meanwhile, Jenny and Courtney fished their dresses from their bags and smoothed them out.

Krystal soon returned in just her t-shirt and diaper. She turned her back and removed her shirt. Courtney caught herself staring as her friend unhooked her bra, her large breasts sagging downwards, visible even from this angle. Krystal leaned forward to hook a new one in place, then turned to face her friends.

Courtney looked on with envy at Krystal’s gorgeous curves, clad in the sky-blue matching set. The bra gave perfect shape to her prodigious chest, while the lace-trimmed diaper hugged her supple hips and thighs alluringly.

Jenny was next. As she removed her clothes, the weight she carried grew even more evident, her fleshly hips protruding outwards and her bra band creasing her sides. Her large diaper stretched to accommodate her wide bottom. She turned to Courtney. “Not the figure you remember from senior prom?”

Courtney gazed at her friend’s exaggerated curves—chest on par with Krystal’s, belly straining against her diaper’s waistband. Yet somehow, Jenny made it work—her posture proud, her hip cocked outwards in all its rounded glory. She shimmied her dress up and Courtney helped zip it—tight and red and beautiful.

The show over, Courtney slipped out of her own clothes, revealing her jutting hips and slender curves up top, clad in a plain beige bra and pull-up chosen to hide well under clothes. In high school, she had waited patiently for her chest to finish filling out, especially compared to Jenny. When it finally had, she appreciated the result—any more might prove a hindrance. Yet standing now next to the two of them, she felt her adolescent insecurities return. She had on a boring pull-up, no less.

“So that’s what they look like,” said Krystal while zipping her skirt. “Somehow I expected more.”

“Like what, a cute little fly or something?” Courtney slid on her low-cut lavender dress. After glancing at Krystal’s endless cleavage, she peaked down, adjusted her bra, and tugged the neckline even lower.

* * *

As they entered the bar, heads turned to gaze at the three young women in tight clothes and heels. Jenny went to order drinks while Courtney snagged a booth. It quickly grew apparent, though, what had drawn the room’s attention: not the three of them, per se—all eyes were on Krystal.

Courtney watched the demure receptionist spread her wings and flutter about the room, the eager men jockeying for position to hit on her. Everything was relative, of course. Normally Courtney could hold her own at bars, and Jenny too—but not with Krystal there. Still, it was nice to see her in her element.

When Courtney’s phone vibrated, she invited Jenny to the changing room.

“You can sit there and pee on purpose?” Jenny asked.

“Sometimes.” Courtney heard the telltale sound of Velcro tapes. “Hey, when you’re done, do you mind running the faucet?”

“Ha ha, sure. I have another question, though.”

“Shoot.” Maybe Jenny was curious to try this, after all?

“Just wondering, was the blond butterfly there when you met Kyle?”

Ah well, not about potty-training—but Courtney still laughed. “She was, actually. His friend came on to her while Kyle played wingman. The poor guy got nowhere with Krystal, but Kyle and I talked all evening.” She left out the part where they’d made out in his car, his daring hands gliding up her skirt, caressing her ruffles after learning she was dry, then exploring her charms within… A slew of dates followed, ending similarly.

“That worked out well for you,” Jenny said. “Hey, how’s this—inspiring enough?”

As the water sprayed in the sink, Courtney sprayed in the bowl.

Sometime later, a rugged man approached her at the bar. “Cute shoes you’re wearing,” he remarked. “They bring out the green in your eyes.”

Courtney smirked. “How could shoes do anything for my eyes? They’re way down there!”

He took a long sip from his mug.

“I’m Courtney,” she said, extending her hand.

“Will,” he replied. “I guess I need a new pickup line.”

“Worked well enough, apparently.” She smiled, happy finally to receive attention. “So what brings you out, tonight?”

“Just here with a buddy. My wife stayed home.”

“So did my boyfriend,” Courtney quickly retorted.

“Actually, he asked a favor. Would you mind divulging your blond friend’s favorite drink?”

So that’s what this was about. “Brandy Old Fashioned, semisweet.”

“Thanks a million.”

Not long after, Courtney and Jenny sat chatting in their booth, when Krystal plopped down across from them with a hot man in tow.

“This is Joe.” Krystal giggled.

“Hi Joe,” said Courtney.

“Another Old Fashioned?” Joe asked.

Krystal touched his shoulder. “Yes, please!”

He waved his hand in the air. “Waitress?”

Just then, Courtney felt a twinge between her legs but was too tipsy to mount a response. Her pull-up grew warm beneath her dress. Had her timer gone off? She fished it from her purse: 25 minutes ago, apparently—while she was busy chatting with the rugged guy. In that moment, her bladder had been the last thing on her mind.

Joe turned to Krystal. “Should you be changing before that next drink?”

“Oh you’re right, I guess I should! I’ve had quite a few by now.” She stood and headed for the ladies’ room, her full diaper pressing out her skirt.

“Wait!” Courtney called. “I’ll go with.”

They lay on adjacent benches. As Courtney removed her sopping wet pull-up, she heard Krystal undo her tapes while humming the tune from outside.

Courtney marveled at her friend. Krystal seemed to embrace this world and her place within it, answering the phones and serving coffee by day, asserting herself only in nighttime venues like this one. She even embraced her incontinence as an intricate part of the deal. And her body…mirrored that persona: feminine and voluptuous, with Krystal perfectly content with that. Perhaps that’s why Courtney had been drawn to it earlier, not out of jealousy. What was it like to inhabit that body? To feel the tug of those breasts and not resent their encumbrance, or the lewd way men stared? To casually wet herself and not resent that either?

No matter how friendly they became, a distance stood between them, far greater than the thin divider separating their two benches now. Krystal seemed a soul content, while Courtney wanted more. And the first step was to stop ending up on a changing table.

A high, sweet voice interrupted Courtney’s reverie. “If I leave with Joe, can you and Jenny find your way back home?”

“Sure, hon. Hey, watch yourself tonight.”

* * *

Jenny gave Courtney a huge hug as her train arrived the next morning. “Keep me posted,” she said. “I want stories of Kyle seeing you in underwear.”

“Will do,” Courtney laughed. “Bye, bye!”

Judging by how things were going, though, she wondered if that would ever happen. If she couldn’t keep her pull-up dry, how could she possibly graduate to panties?
