An accident at the police station

Author: Bunny7man

*000*2024-07-21 07:50

Sophie, just turned 23 and loving her new job as a marketing assistant, was about to have the worst day of her life.

Leaving work one grey but dry day in mid April, she stopped at the cash point. After inserting her card into the machine, suddenly a large man stood right behind her, his arms against the wall either side of her, pinning her to the machine.

'Take out £100 in cash. NOW.' He growled into her ear.

'Do it, or I drag you from here and beat the life out of you.'

Terrified, Sophie withdrew the money as ordered.

The machine spat out the notes, which the man grabbed before running off down the street.

Shaking with fear, and tears running down her face, Sophie phoned her sister and told her what had happened.

'Go to the police station, now, and report it', she told her.

So Sophie ordered an uber to the nearest police station.

Once there, she explained to the man at the reception desk that she had been mugged. He took her name and details, and told her to sit down and wait, and someone would be out to take her statement.

Sophie sat and waited for 40 minutes. Whilst waiting, she had the vague feeling of needing to pee sometime in the next hour or so. Nothing urgent, she thought, her mind racing and completely occupied with what had happened.

Two male police officers then came to her.

'Sophie?'

'Yes'

'Come with us' they said gently.

They took her into an interview room, and all sat down on the dark blue plastic chairs.

The two officers asked Sophie to explain what had happened, which she did. They were very kind, speaking gently to her, as she stumbled through her story.

Then there was a knock at the door, it opened and another officer beckoned to the two officers who were with Sophie. They left the room, telling her they would be back shortly to take some more details for her statement.

Sophie sat and waited. The minutes ticked by, and she suddenly felt desperate to pee. She jiggled her legs, to stifle the urge. More waves of urgency came- she crossed and uncrossed her legs repeatedly.

10 minutes became 15 became 20.

The need to pee became very strong. Sophie stood up, walked over to the door and knocked. Nothing happened.

She opened the door and peered out into the corridor. There was noone there.

She didn't know what to do. The officers had told her to wait in that room, and she had never been in a police station before- she couldn't just start wandering about.

She sat back in the chair. The urge to pee was very severe now. She was in pain, the shooting feeling was building in her crotch. She grabbed it, squeezing hard, which helped. But almost as soon as the pain eased, it hit again even worse.

It must have been the combination of the day's events- the mugging, the terror, the fear from being at the police station- which meant that all of a sudden, her bladder gave way.

Sophie felt the pee rush out of her and instantly soak her knickers and beige, wool trousers. She felt it pooling in the chair beneath her, and herself completely powerless to stop it. The pee just continued to flow, running down off the chair now and splashing onto the lino floor.

Eventually, after what felt like an age, her bladder was empty.

As she sat there, frozen in shock in the pool of pee around her, she started to cry. The shame of what she'd done, on top of the horror of being mugged, was all too much, and she cried hard.

The door opened, and the two officers came back into the room.

'I've...I've...I've wet myself', Sophie sobbed at them.

'Oh... er...' stumbled one of the officers, both now seeing the puddle around her and on the floor,

'Hang on a second'. They left the room again.

After a couple of minutes, Sophie still sitting in the pool of pee which was fast becoming cold, the door opened again and a single, female officer came in.

'Sophie?' She asked softly.

Sophie looked up at her, the shame screaming through her.

'It's OK, don't worry about it', the officer said.

'Come with me, let's get you out of those clothes.'

Sophie stood up, and walked to the officer, feeling her wet trousers clinging to her. She glanced back at the chair, and another smack of shame went through her as she saw the puddle on the chair and floor.

The officer took her down the corridors and to a toilet. Outside, she handed Sophie some grey tracksuit bottoms and a clear plastic bag.

In the toilet, Sophie changed out of her wet clothes, her trousers heavy with pee and her pants soaked and clinging to her as she took them off. She put them in the bag, cursing the police for it being clear plastic. She wiped her genitals, then put on the tracksuits.

Back outside, the officer took her to a different interview room to complete her statement with the first two officers. She fumbled through answering all their questions, her mind streaming with the memories of the pee soaking her, them looking at her sitting in it, and now seeing their glances at her wet clothes in the plastic bag. Eventually, utterly shattered from the stress and shame, she was done, and left the station clutching her bag of soaked clothes.

*002*2024-07-21 10:26

What u mean? More accidents for Sophie?

*005*2024-07-21 16:29

Oh I see 👍

It's not my kinda writing, the sex stuff.

But anyone is welcome to take the story and continue it

*007*2024-07-22 02:34

Sophie rolled onto her side, but as she did, she realised something else and her stomach dropped. Her pyjamas bottoms felt wet against her thighs. She reached her hand down to her groin, and her stomach dropped again as it confirmed that they were soaking.

She sat up, threw back the covers and turned on her bedside light.

The front of her favourite blue cotton pyjamas were soaked from crotch to ankle, and there was a large, dark, wet patch in her turquoise sheets.

She was horrified and felt ashamed; juvenile. She hadn't wet the bed since she was a kid!

Sophie got out of bed and stripped off the wet sheet and duvet cover. She carried them into the kitchen and threw them in the washing machine, before stripping off her wet pyjamas and putting the whole lot on to wash.

Naked, she walked to the bathroom and started the shower. Standing under the hot water, she wondered what was happening to her. She thought again about the good-looking police officer, how he had been kind to her when interviewing her, but also how he'd seen her sitting in her puddle of pee and then mocked her slightly after. She thought about the dream where he'd saved her, but then how she'd woken up to find herself soaked in pee for the second time that day.

Mingled with the confusion and shame, there was a feeling of something else, something exciting.

*010*2024-07-23 09:21

Sophie woke the next day, pleased it was the weekend and that she had the luxury of a totally free schedule.

She lay in bed for a while, grinning to herself as she thought about her police officer.

When she got up, she saw the grey tracksuits the police had given her lying draped over her desk chair. She had not been looking forward to having to return them- there probably wouldn't be anyone there who had seen her for her statement, and she dreaded having to explain the situation to someone new. But, over the past two days it had also occurred to her that returning them presented a small chance that she might run into that officer again...

During breakfast, she decided her plan of action to return the tracksuits that morning, and hope to run into PC Gorgeous.

She jumped on the bus, then walked the 6 minutes to the police station. Outside, she hesitated a while, the embarrassment of peeing herself in this station hitting her hard again making her want to leave.

She changed her thoughts to the officer, braced herself, and walked into the station.

There was indeed a new bloke manning the reception desk, and no other officers in sight.

'Damn!' thought Sophie, disappointed though not surprised.

'Can I help you?' asked the man.

'Oh...er...I've come to return these', stammered Sophie, offering forward the neatly folded tracksuits.

The man simply took them, saying nothing.

Sophie turned to leave, annoyed that her plan had failed.

'Sophie?' a voice said.

She turned back, and there was the officer, his monochrome uniform pristine, and smiling a wide smile at her which spread to those amazing blue eyes.

'What are you doing here?' he asked.

'I came to return the tracksuit bottoms', replied Sophie, blushing red and pointing at the retreating back of the reception-desk-man, whilst the memory of the officer looking at her sitting in soaked clothes on that plastic chair flashed back into her brain.

'Oh right', said the officer, his smile falling.

Was he disappointed by her answer?, Sophie thought. Could it be that he had hoped she had come to see him as much as she had???

Sophie turned to leave again, then turned back,

'Actually,' started Sophie

'Yeah?', the officer's eyes flashed brightly

'I-was-wondering-if-you-fancied-dinner-sometime' rushed Sophie, looking at the floor and preparing for the inevitable knock-back.

'That would be great'. Sophie's eyes snapped up, meeting his and seeing the broad smile back across his face.

Her heart leapt! She was so excited she went to leave again, before she heard light laughter from the officer-

'Do you want my number then. And my name?' Chuckled the officer.

Details exchanged, Sophie practically skipped home.

*015*2024-07-29 15:50

Sorry for the delay, olympic fever hit me 🤣

###

The elevator doors opened and Kieren led Sophie out into the corridor, her face still flushed with embarrassment and her brain racing with what had just happened. She could feel the coolness on her leg where the drops of pee had trickled down, and prayed there were none visible for Keiren to see.

But Kieren was showing no signs of embarrassment or concern over drops of pee. He wrapped his arms around her again, pulling her into another passionate kiss. Gently but firmly, he pushed her back against the wall of the corridor as they kissed. Sophie felt his right hand move under her dress and his fingers slowly rubbing forward and back, pressing her wet panties against her clit.

Her clitorus and vulva throbbed, and she felt her pussy getting very wet.

Then, above all the feelings of pleasure, a wave of urgency raged through her bladder, making her pull back from Kieren's lips fearing she would pee herself again, this time over his hand.

'Are you OK?' He asked, removing his hand from beneath her dress, fearful he might have moved too fast for her.

'Yes, fine, it's just I still really need to pee.' As she said it, her bladder ached at her again. All the drinks had caught up with her, and the fact she had leaked in the elevator seemed to have accelerated her bladder's timescale for emptying.

Kieren took Sophie's hand and led her a short way down the corridor before unlocking the door to his flat and pulling her inside.

Sophie just had time to glimpse a flat a similar size to hers, but meticulsously neat and tidy, and all the furnishings appeared to be either dark brown or white, in contrast to her love of colour.

Before she could look around anymore, Kieren pulled her into him again, his lips finding hers. His hand softly squeezed her right breast, and she felt his penis pressing into her lower belly.

'Kieren', she moaned 'Let me pee first.' Her bladder threw out another warning shot to her, and she squeezed her thighs together, knowing she wouldn't be able to hold it much longer.

Kieren just continued to kiss and caress her, his hand now moving off her breast and down her body, once more sliding under her dress, between her thighs, and back onto her wet panties. He resumed his rubbing back and forth over her clit, and Sophie felt the pleasure building towards orgasm.

But the urgency of peeing hit stronger again, and she forced her own hand under his so she could squeeze her crotch to stop the torrent which was knocking at the door of her urethra.

'Kieren, I can't hold any longer, I'm gonna pee,' She pleaded.

'Just go here', He replied in a low voice into the side of her neck.

She felt his hand push hers out the way, and his four fingers again holding her crotch as it ached with a ferocious blend of pee desperation and sexual arousal. He locked her mouth afresh into a kiss.

Sophie wasn't sure what to do. She didn't know if Keiren really meant what he said, did he really want her to pee right here, right now? She didn't know if she could just pee there, she didn't know what she would do next if she did, she didn't know why he wanted it, she didn't know...

Her brain couldn't process things through the urgency, the kissing, the pounding of her clit...

Then it happened. Sophie wasn't sure if it was an accident or deliberate, but she paused kissing slightly, her lips still against his, and let go of the muscles holding back her bladder. A river of warm pee poured from her, out through her wet panties, and over Kieren's hand as it massaged her pulsing clit. It cascaded down her legs and into her socks and clean, white trainers, while yet more fell onto the wooden floorboards, forming a puddle around their feet.

As she peed, the relief surged through Sophie, and the release of her desperation allowed the pleasure of Kieren's stimulation of her cliterus to build stronger and stronger. As the stream of urine tailed off, Keiren moved his hand forward, sliding his two forefingers inside her vagina, and pushing them in and out over her G-spot.

Sophie felt the pee finally stop, and grabbed tight to Kieren as he kissed her neck and continued to finger her soaking wet pussy.

Back out his fingers came, and back onto her clit, wetting it with the fresh pee covering her vulva. He worked his index finger in tiny circles and Sophie knew she was close-

'I'm going to come', she breathed into his ear

Kieren's finger increased the speed and pressure of the circles, and Sophie's mind raced with the heat of his desire and the eroticism of peeing all over him. Her heart and clit banged fiercely together as she came, and she let out a slight moan.

At last, Keiren pulled slowly back away from her, his hands finishing holding hers. His eyes fixed on hers and he smiled an ecstatic smile.

*019*2024-08-02 17:41

{{9 minutes ago, KyrenA said:

This is incredible! Really enjoying how this is panning out.

Although...tsk tsk, after both of them drinking a police officer really shouldn't have been driving!

}}

Lol, good observation.

Altho in our defence- the police....breaking the law.....no, I don't believe it!!!! 😱🤣

