Dawn of The Tentacles

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2017-07-11 04:02

Lilliana White stirred in her bed. Her alarm clock abruptly awakened her and she jumped out of bed. At 28 years old she was lucky to have snagged a high paying job at an office for a meat packaging company in Pittsburg, California.

However, a late night on the town proved to be her doom; as she realized it was the alarm clock going off again after she had failed to wake up and turn it off.

"Shit." Lilliana jumped out of her nightwear and into her work clothes. A simple white shirt with pink flowers and a black skirt was enough to meet the building standards and she slipped her feet into her black flats. A few swipes at her wavy light brown hair with her brush and a quick spray of perfume was all she had time for. She grabbed her purse and ran to her car.

On on her way to work Lilliana lightly rubbed her knees together as she realized she never went pee. She placed her purse in her lap with her hand on it to subtly hold herself. She was almost 30 with a Masters degree and she would be damned if she was seen holding herself like a child.

She flipped on the radio in an attempt to distract herself but heard nothing but talk shows as it was the morning. She kept flipping and eventually reached the news.

"My name is Aaron Gregory with Coyote News, reporting live from Shanghai China were the Chinese military appears to be firebombing their own city. Reports earlier this month stated some sort of strand of rabies, nicknamed "Tentacle rabies" due to the grey octopus-like parasites seen on the skin of infected individuals had been running wild in the city. The President and several congress members have been calling for a ban on Chinese immigrants."

"Enough of that shit." Lilliana flicked the radio off. She had hearing stories of crazy octopus people for weeks and wasn't buying any of it. Her hand returned to the steering wheel, her bodily needs trying harder to gain her attention.

As she pulled into work she noticed her coworker James getting out of his car near the elevator from the parking garage. She pearled and attempted to scramble out before he closed the door.

"No.. no damnit!" James noticed her too late and the elevator shot up, meaning she would have to take the stairs. "Fuck you James." She muttered under her breath. She maintained somewhat of a love-hate relationship with James. Some days they would get along fine, while some they would bicker and argue the whole time. Sometimes she had considered viewing him in a romantic light but James had a girlfriend already.

Her mood deteriorated with every step up the staircase. She got to her floor five minutes late and ran to her cubicle. It was 9:05, meaning three hours until break time when she could finally relieve herself.

She he had been in the situation before when she had to not her lip and cross her legs due to a full bladder but it was never this full this early.

"Hey, Li!" It was James.

"Hello James." Lilliana was not enthusiastic to see him after his elevator stunt.

"You hear Mr. Reed is back from his China trip? He was telling everybody about it before. He said he saw soldiers everywhere before he had to come back." James' speech caught Lilliana's attention. Mr. Reed had assigned Lilliana papers to be filled out while he was gone but she had completely forgotten to do them.

"Damnit James why didn't you remind me he was coming back!"

"I'm not your babysitter. Besides I was spending time with my special lady this past weekend." He grabbed the picture from his desk and held it just over the cubicle wall between them.

"Whatever, help me come up with an excuse."

"Just say your sick, I mean you're already bombing for the bathroom already." James moved his hand down to his crotch.

"I don't think your special lady would be happy knowing her boyfriend likes to get a hard onwhen he coworker has to use the restroom." Lilliana's attack caused James to disappear back into his cubicle.

"Aaarrrggghhh gotta pee." Her hand almost reached her crotch but she stopped it at the last moment. She sent the opposite direction to go through her hair again, her lady parts begging for the hand to come back.

Her phone went off in her purse. She had forgotten to set it to silent which triggered the awkward moment of her coworkers looking at her from all directions. She put on a fake smile to ward them all away. She looked at her phone to see her younger sister had sent her a message.

"Chill tonight?" Her sister Andrea was 23 and still in college.

"You have schoolwork to do." Lilliana responded. She hated having to play mother but they never had parents for real. The two had gone from home to home but through hard work had managed to get grades and money for college.

"How is work?"

"Oh it's just great."

"Yikes someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning." Lilliana just put her phone down. She wasn't in the mood to listen to her sister, in fact she wasn't in the mood to listen to anyone.

"Miss White I need to speak with you." It was Mr. Reed.

"Are you fucking kidding me?" She groaned to herself. She slowly stood up, every movement of her legs was agony. She made her way to her boss's office, ready to meet her fate.

"So, about those papers. You can forget em." Mr. Reed came out bluntly. "During my time in China I realized it wouldn't matter if those papers got delivered or not.

"Why not sir?" Lilliana was stunned.

"When I was in China I... I..." Mr. Reed stuttered for a few moments. "I got this." He lifted up his shirt to reveal a gray octopus looking creature attached to his chest below his left nipple. The creature was about as wide as a golf ball and had three tentacles tangling away from his body. Seeing the creature caused Lilliana to jump and lose a few drops of urine in her panties.

"Oh my g-what is that?" Lilliana de-aged ten years for a few seconds.

"I, didn't even realize i had it until it was too late. They stick to you and rapidly multiply. Eventually they start to build up larger and larger until they've feasted on everything they can. I... I..." He fell to the floor. Lilliana took a few steps back.

"Someone come help quick!" She screamed. A few people ran past her.

"Oh god, someone call an ambulance!" Someone screamed.

"Attention everyone, the building is being shut down for today. Please leave the premises in an orderly fashion." The intercom went up.

"No, no, no, no, no, no." Lilliana ran back to her desk and gathered her things. "C'mon, c'mon no!" She turned to see the bathroom being closed and locked. She lightly bounced in place. She ran to the elevator but no one was going in the orderly fashion they were supposed to. She attempted to get to it but a large cluster of people was trying to get through the door at once.

"Everyone the stairs are open!" A worker yelled but everyone but Lilliana seemed to not hear it. She ran to the stairs but her bladder protested. It was 19 floors to the parking garage and another 20-30 minutes home judging by traffic.

Every step was agony to Lilliana who was contemplating peeing in a corner of the stairwell but couldn't as someone was slightly behind her. Eventually she couldn't take it anymore and stopped for a rest. Her skirt dug into her bulging abdomen sending even more pulses through her body. Her knees buckled as she stood still, and after a few moments she felt her floodgates open. Quickly she placed a hand on her crotch despite her pride protesting.

As she stood she noticed the person about two flights behind slowing down. She could hear them breathing, almost as if they were snoring. Every step was heavier than the last.

"Hello?" She was confused by the person's odd breathing.

"Aaaaaaaahhhhhh." A noise that sounded like a mixture between a frog and a snake came out. Lilliana's heart rate skyrocketed. Her bladder pulses harder.

Lilliana gasped when the person came into view. Their face was covered in a version of the same parasite from Mr. Reed's face just four times larger. Smaller parasites were scattered across his body.

When the creature saw saw her it leaped down the flight of stairs at her. She threw herself to the ground to dodge it and sprayed pee into her underwear in the process. Lilliana took off down the stairs as the creature gave chase.

"Oh god oh god oh god." She repeatedly leaked as she ran, the creature grunting like a gorilla as it ran full speed at her. Realizing it was about to catch her, Lilliana quickly got to the first door she saw and tugged on it. It refused to open.

"Open! Holy shit open!" She screamed at the top of her lungs as the creature stood a flight above her. "Oh god please no!" She burst into tears as her life flashed before her eyes and her bladder unloaded. Pee rapidly overflowed her underwear and stained into her skirt. Rivers ran down her thighs and calves as the creature slowly approached her. She let out slight moans between sobs as warm yellow liquid began pooling below her feet. Her shoes filled to the brim around her feet. The creature took a step towards her and as she accepted her fate the door swung open and James appeared with a fire extinguisher!

"Get back you piece of shit!" She took the extinguisher and swung violently at the creature, causing it to scream in rage. "Run Lilliana run!" He yelled as the creature lunged back. Lilliana threw herself through the door and sprinted onto the 7th floor. She heard the door to the opposite staircase open and saw several more creature emerge and quickly sprinted into the nearest storage closest.

Lilliana quickly grabbed everything she could and barricaded the door. When she finished she leaned back against the wall and finished her pee. She spread her legs apart and let out a large moan as the rest of her bladder was emptied. She sunk down into a sitting position and started to cry from humiliation and from anxiety. It was fairly dark in the closet except the small outdated lightbulb dangling above her.

After a few minutes she quickly reached for her phone and called her sister.

"Hello?" Andrea answered in her usual tone.

"Andrea, I-I don't know if it's on the news or what but those tentacle things, they're real okay. Tentacle rabies is fucking real and they're taking over my building."

"Wh-what? Oh my gaw- hold on I'm coming to get you."

"No Andrea no! Alright I love you just stay away I'll just stay here and..." Lilliana fell into tears again.

"No! You're not dying on me I'm coming to get you!" Andrea hung up before Lilliana could persist. Lilliana was just left in her pool of pee slowly soaking even more into her panties and skirt, her face burrowing into her hands as she fell into tears again.

