The Bad Babysitter

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2017-10-02 00:50

Emily hated kids, she hated their tendency to be loud, she hated their energy, but most of all she hated how they always needed to go the bathroom. That's why she wished their was another way she could pay for college other than babysitting.

However almost every store near her university seemed to be jammed full of employees. She had tried almost everything she could near her school but it was all full. Now she was stuck with the things she hated most.

"Emwy I want to play!" Johnny shouted from his crib. Johnny was three and lived with his aunt and uncle as his mom had died giving birth to him and his dad was emotionally and financially unstable.

"Kid probably doesn't even have a future." Emily muttered to herself. "What do you wanna play Johnny?" She looked up from her phone to see him bouncing up and down.

"Dinosaurs!" He yelled as he pointed to his chest filled to the brim with models of prehistoric creatures.

"Okay." Emily walked over to the chest, fixing her skirt as she stood up. "Which do you want?"

"T-Wex!" Johnny yelled enthuasticly as he pointed to the horrifying lizard.

"I'd be terrified to play with this as his age." She uttered a little too loud.

"You're scared!" Johnny giggled to himself as he heard her statement.

"Stop or you don't get your dinosaur." She snapped as she put the toy behind her back.

"I sorry!" The toddler replied guiltfully before switching to glee as he handed his T-Rex. "Rawwwrrrr, rawwwwrrrr!" He moved the animal up and down as he took pleasure in replicating the life of the long dead creature. Then he stopped and looked back towards Emily. "Gimme Twiceratops." He pointed again to the chest.

"Which one is that?" Emily questioned the toddler as the Anthropology major was not as knowledges in prehistoric reptiles as the three year old.

"The big horns!" Emily took notice and grabbed the equally as horrifying creature.

"Looks pretty scary." She said facetiously to Johnny to excite him up.

"Twiceratops is not scary it eats leaves." As he exposed her poor scientific knowledge again.

"Very interesting." She falsely remarked as she handed him the animal.

"Rawwwrr, rawwwrrr!" Johnny slammed the toys together simulating an intense battle. Suddenly he stopped and looked to his babysitter. "Emwy I gotta go potty." Emily groaned.

"Let's go!" She angrily spouted as she lifted the child from his crib. He walked himself to the bathroom and got onto the toilet.

As he did his business Emily looked at herself in the bathroom mirror. She had curly brown hair that reached her shoulders and glasses. She pushed back her hair and looked at the sides of her face.

"You almost done?" She impatiently asked Johnny as he pulled up his pants.

"I done!" He said as he flushed the toilet himself.

"Thank god." She said to herself. It was fifth time she had to pull him out of his crib to use the restroom that day. She thought it might be a new record. "Kids really need to work on some bladder control."

"I wanna go to the park!" Johnny shouted and snapped Emily out of her thoughts.

"Alright let's go." She brought him to the door and helped him put on his tiny sneakers before putting on her brown boots. She reached down and brushed a few fuzzy bits off of her bare knees before fixing her skirt again. She grabbed her jean jacket and pulled it over her pink flower shirt. "Ready?" She asked Johnny.

"Ready!" He yelled before they went off.

###

It took about ten minutes for them to walk to the park and Emily was regretting not bringing a water bottle with her. She was feeling extremely thirsty when she reached the park and she assumed Johnny would be as well.

"Are you thirsty?" She asked as he look in a whole over direction. "Johnny?"

"No." He replied, not even looking sweaty.

"Well I'm thirsty, so I'm gonna grab a water bottle okay?" She wondered why she asked his permission. Thankfully his attention span had already reached its limit and he hadn't even heard she had said.

"Hello, can I help you ma'am?" The man behind the counter asked.

"Hello, can I get a liter bottle of water?" She put on her best smile.

"Sure thing that'll be $5." Emily was taken back. $5 for a liter was expensive.

"I have a twenty." She pulled out her twenty dollar bill.

"Sorry ma'am. You have to have exact change. I can give a gallon for twenty though." Emily was in shock. She prepared to turn him down, but seeing him pull out the gallon and watching the water rush around inside it only made her more thirsty.

"Ill take it, I'll take it!" She cried out through her desperation. She handed him the bill and began to chug the gallon down. Before she had realized it she had already drank down almost half of it.

"You want some buddy?" She offered the water to Johnny.

"I not thirsty." He shot back in reply. The hot sun only led Emily to continue drinking. The two continued walking until Emily spotted someone.

It was George, a guy who sat next to her in class and also her crush. She started to blush as he came towards her.

"Hey Emily." He said with a smile.

"Hey George." Emily replied as she tried to hide her blushing.

"What are you doing here?"

"I'm babysitting Johnny here." She pointed to the toddler next to her.

"I ugh, I thought you hated..."

"Yeah well, you know?, there was no other jobs available so..."

"Ah, I understand. Well I was just to use the restroom over there so I guess I'll catch you later."

"Bye George."

"Bye Emily." Emily blushed again as he walked off.

"Is that your boyfriend?" Johnny asked her.

"No you little rascal." She said giving him a light tap on the shoulder. It was only now she realized she needed to use the restroom. "Johnny you gotta go potty? I gotta go."

"No."

"Alright." Emily figured she could hold it. She was twenty-two after all.

The two kept walking and soon Emily realized it was a bit more urgent than she had thought.

"Johnny how about we go towards the pottys after all." Emily said with a sense of urgency in her voice.

"I don't need a potty!" Johnny yelled, causing several people to look towards him.

"Okay buddy, what do you want?"

"I want to go to the pond." He pointed towards the pond at the center of the park. "I throw rocks!" He exclaimed, stated his times skipping rocks with his aunt and uncle.

Okay buddy let's go." Emily took his hand and started to walk towards the pond, her steps starting to get more like skips as her bladder started to become more known.

###

When they arrived at the pond she immediately began regret her decision. Watching the rocks thrown aimlessly by Johnny hit the water was torture. Watching the ripples move outwards accompanied by the BLOOP noise that echoed in her mind. Her bladder was now impossible to ignore, as her gallon now felt like six gallons.

She crossed her legs and felt a slight ease on the pain, but just as she thought she was safe the pond sprinklers came on. As if by command her hands flew to her crotch, tightly gripping her private areas through her skirt.

"Johnny, are you almost done?" She barely managed to get the words out through her agony.

"I'm throwin!" He angrily yelled in reply. Emily tightly crossed her legs at the knees and kept her hands cupped over her crotch. She was distracted from her desperation to see George coming down the path. Her face turned bright red and she placed her hands on her hips and attempted to stand straight up, much to her bladder's dismay.

"Funny running into you again Em." George was completely unaware of her plight.

"Yeah, really funny." She pushed her hair back as she lightly bobbed up and down.

"Are you alright?"

"Totally fine, nothing to be worried about."

"Alright, well I guess I'll talk to you later."

"I guess so." Emily put on a fake grin as she desperately tried to hide her need. George walked away and she walked over to Johnny. "Time to go buddy."

"No I'm throwin!" He shouted and threw another rock violently into the water, the ripple causing Emily to leak into her unders.

"Sorry buddy but it's time to go."

"Nooooooo!" Johnny shouted as he started loudly crying.

"Oh come on please stop." Emily tried everything she could to calm him down. "If you go home you can play with your dinosaurs."

"Dinosaurs!" He shouted, seemingly coming out of his rock throwing trance instantly.

"You just have to follow me to the potty okay?"

"But I don't need a potty!"

"Yes but the dinosaurs said you can only play if you follow me to the potty."

"Dinosaurs don't say that they say rawrrrr!" Johnny said, insulted at the attack on his seemingly perfect dinosaur knowledge.

"Please follow me to the potty, it will hurt my feelings if you don't." Emily said as facetiously as possible.

"Okay I walk to the potty." Johnny said as he took Emily's hand and walked with her towards the restrooms.

Each step Emily took was more agonizing than the last. Her feet could barely stay on the right track as she walked, her bladder almost causing her to trip over her feet several times.

At last, a small building with a sign marked PARK RESTROOMS came into view. Emily's bladder let loose a spurt into her underwear out of excitement.

"Where going into the potty okay buddy." Emily said to her compatriot, realizing she couldn't leave him outside.

"But I don't have to potty!" He said for what must have been the thousandth time.

"Yes but I have to potty." She admitted, feeling embarrassed to admit it too a toddler.

"Okay." He said as he followed her up to the door. Emily could almost feel the relief it was so close, she reached for the door and pulled on the knob but it didn't budge.

She looked up and saw the sign. PAID RESTROOM. A feeling of dread rushed over her. Her bladder let loose a large stream placing a small wet spot on the back of her skirt.

Emily frantically reached into her bag trying to find any money that she could find. She pulled out three quarters, two dimes and three pennies. The cost for the restroom was $1, she only had 93 cents.

"No, no, no!" Emily pounded on the door, hoping by some magic it would fall open and reveal a perfect quality porcelain throne for her, but the cold harsh reality closed in and told her their was no hope.

Tears formed in her eyes. She crossed her legs as tight as she could but the pain was almost too much.

She took Johnny's hand and started to walk back to the house as quickly as possible. Her feet almost flew across the ground as she made her way to Johnny's house.

###

As she reached the house she ran to the front door, which with her luck was completely locked. She threw herself against the door and began to violently sob. Than she heard a voice behind her.

"I could unlock it!" It was Johnny. He pushed open the window to his aunt and uncle's room and climbed in onto their bed. Emily stood outside rapidly pee dancing as she gave up most hope of him remembering why he went in.

But as if by magic the door flung open and out stepped Johnny. Emily flew in past him and ran straight to the bathroom where she tore off Johnny's seat from the toilet, sat down and let loose through her panties and the back of her skirt.

For almost two minutes the stream poured from her like a faucet, soaked her panties to the maximum and moving straight the fabric of her skirt and into the bowl. She let a loud moan as if she was giving birth. The sound of her pee hitting the toilet sounded more like a small waterfall than the usual pee. She finally and wiped herself before turning to flush.

She felt the back back of her skirt, it was completely soaked and some had managed to slid down her legs and fill her boots. She grabbed a towel from a cabinet and wiped off some of the pee from the floor.

When she finished she came out to see Johnny playing on the floor with all his dinosaurs. The meat eaters and plant eaters where lined up across from each other as if there was gonna be a war.

"Hey buddy." Emily smiled as she saw him having fun.

"Hey Emwy." He ran up and hugged her legs. "I saved you!" He said laughing.

"I guess you did buddy." She said laughing. "I gotta work on my bladder control." She pushed back her hair. "So buddy let's play, tell me all about your Dino's."

