Freyaэs Pee Adventures 1.3

Author: BlueWizard83

*000*2022-08-28 23:13

Freya's Pee adventures 1.3

Welcome to the third Part of Freya's Pee adventures.

Just for everyone new Here, the Girl in this Series is Freya:

18 Years Old

5'6

120 lbs

Blond Hair

Blue Eyes

Tanned Skin

Athletic Build

Long Legs

German Decent

A Sprinter at her Local School

From a Small Town in Iowa

Freya Car Desperation and too busy shopping

Saturday 7:30 a.m., early May. Today was Theresia's 20th birthday. Theresia planned to drive almost 4 hours with 2 of her friends and her younger sister Freya to then go shopping in the Mall of America. Freya was running late because she had a hard time choosing an outfit for today. It was her sister's birthday, after all. Freya had been up since 6:00 a.m. to get ready. Like Harley Quinn, she tied her blonde hair into two pigtails and wore matching make-up. But she wasn't sure about what to wear. Eventually she put on her black-silver fishnet pantyhose and a short black skirt over them. She threw on a crop top from her favorite band "Slipknot" and ran to her sister's car, which was already waiting. The sisters then picked up Theresia's friends Madision and Marie and drove the four hours towards the Mall of America. The drive was exhausting but the girls had a lot of fun on the road.

Unfortunately, Freya forgot to go to the toilet before they left. Her bladder was filling at a rapid pace, but she didn't want to spoil the good mood with her emergency. Freya tried to suppress it and began to squirm in desperation. She didn't want to stop her sister again, so she suppressed her pressure. It was now 9:15 am and Freya was on the verge of peeing herself. She sat on her left heel and occasionally held her crotch for a moment without anyone noticing. Suddenly a gas station appeared in the distance and Madison begged Theresia to stop there so she could go to the toilet, Freya was also overjoyed but silently. The car stopped and Madison ran to the restrooms. Freya meanwhile stood in front of the locked door, and pee-danced from one foot to the other. Freya could hardly contain it, she slowly started to leak. But at the last moment Madison got out and she was able to get in. After almost 30 seconds, Freya was done and went back to the car.

Freya felt so relaxed and free again. After her sister and Marie also went to the toilet, they continued the journey. while the two were in the bathroom, Madison and Freya went to buy some snacks and drinks. The four girls get back in the car and continue their journey. At 11:50 a.m., the four arrived at the Mall of America. The Mall of America is huge, it is the largest mall in the entire United States. So they had to come up with a plan that would benefit each of them. All four of them had different ideas of what they needed, but one thing they were all sure of was that they wanted new sportswear and swimwear. The first store the friends visited was the Nike store to find new sportswear. They stayed there for a long time and each of them bought several clothes. The girls got hungry and wanted to go to a restaurant to eat.

After a brief discussion among themselves, they decided to go to the Chipotle . Luckily, Marie, who has been to the mall several times, knew the quickest way to get there. When they got there, they ate relaxed and discussed where to go next, Freya suggested just going in one direction and then see what comes up. This was actually just an attempt to break through the non-stop plan that Theresia and Marie had come up with. The reason for this was actually quite simple, Freya had to go to the toilet again. Freya usually had a pretty big bladder, but today she overfilled it with the amount she drank. She shifted on the edge of the chair and crossed her long legs tightly together.

After each of them finished their drink, they moved on. The girls strolled from one store to the next. It wasn't easy for Freya to keep up with the others as she had to stop from time to time to either cross her legs or to hold her crotch. The others suspected nothing but it was only a matter of time before they became suspicious. She kept looking around frantically to find a toilet, but to her disappointment she couldn't find any. Eventually they find themselves in a JD Sports to shop for shoes. Freya was relieved there was a chance to sit down again without anyone getting suspicious. She quickly sat down on one of the stools and double-crossed her legs, also sliding her right hand between her thighs. When her sister Theresia saw this, she became suspicious, but she remained silent.

When Marie and Madison were distracted for a moment, Theresia leaned down to her little sister, who just sat there looking at the shoes and asked her if she had to go to the toilet. Freya didn't say anything but it was clear that there was no other answer than yes. Freya realized that she couldn't sit around the entire time, so she stood up carefully and looked at the shoes while slowly walking around inside the store. Theresia noticed that Freya deliberately turned away from everyone else.

At the same time, she saw Freya holding herself for a few seconds with a very worried look on her face. It was clear to her that her sister needed to go to the bathroom pretty badly and was doing everything she could to not go, but she wasn't sure why she was doing it. Theresia didn't care why her sister didn't go to the toilet, the only thing she wanted was that her younger sister didn't pee herself in public, which would be happening pretty soon at this rate. Freya had had enough, she couldn't take it anymore.

She suggested going to a few other stores as well. So the girls walked on, but to Freya's disappointment, Madison and Marie wanted to go to every store they saw. The two found a cool fashion store and literally dragged the sisters in with them. Especially Marie thought the fashion in this shop was beautiful. But Theresia and Madison were also very interested and strolled through the aisles together. At the same time, Marie asked Freya if she wanted to go with her, but of course Freya couldn't say no. After several minutes, Marie finally found some dresses she wanted to try on, and the two then headed to the dressing rooms. "Finally a chance to sit again" thought Freya, who found it more and more difficult to walk normally by the minute.

Freya sat down quickly but noticed that even sitting down was no longer comfortable for her. She double-crossed her legs as normally as possible and waited for Marie to finish changing. Marie gradually presented her dresses, but unfortunately none of the dresses were good. Suddenly, Freya felt a surge of urgency and felt the need to hold on to the crotch, but she couldn't do that with Marie around. She said that she found a dress for Marie somewhere, of course this was just an excuse. Freya quickly ran to a quiet corner and did everything she could to hold back the wave of desperation: Pee Dance, Crotch Holding, Leg Crossing while Standing, and Double Leg Crossing. Eventually she regained control and remembered why she was standing here at all, she wanted to get a dress for Marie.

She looked around briefly and took some dress with her and pressed it into Marie's hand. She put it on immediately. Freya sat down and double-crossed her legs again.Freya waited impatiently until Marie came out. To Freya's surprise, Marie came out of the locker room with a beaming smile. The dress Freya chose for Marie was perfect. Marie took a quick critical look at herself in the mirror and then disappeared back into her cabin. She came out again shortly afterwards and asked Freya which clothes she prefers to wear. Freya, who was a bit surprised by this question, replied that she preferred to wear light blue skinny jeans or short white skirts. then she told Freya to just sit and wait for her.

"Marie should be away for a little bit now" thought Freya as she uncrossed her double-crossed legs. Freya dug her hands deep into her crotch, but quickly realized that this wasn't enough. She crossed her right leg over her left to exert additional counter-pressure on her bladder, but this only helped to a limited extent. In her bladder was a dam of pee that was about to rupture. She took a quick look around the store to make sure no one saw her in this urgent condition, she was just embarrassed. To her surprise she saw her sister who to be honest also looked like she needed to go to the toilet. She stood in front of a clothes rack with her legs tightly crossed. But this sight made Freya even more urgent, she slowly pulled her right leg back and tucked it behind her left. A few seconds later Marie came back, she had a very short white skirt in one hand and in her other a pair of very tight jeans.

Freya knew where this was going, she went into the changing room in front of her and tried on both things. First she tried on the skirt, Freya was usually a fan of short skirts and pants but this skirt was too short even for her. She then tried on the pants, which surprisingly fitted perfectly right away, but she didn't like the dark blue color that much.

She asked Marie if she could look for the jeans in light blue. For those 5 minutes, Freya was distracted from her extreme urgency, but now that she was alone again, she realized that she was about to pee herself. But she knew her bubble would burst at any second. She simply accepted that there was no other way out for her. She ripped off her pants and pulled down her pantyhose. Not a second later her bladder began to empty itself. It was a relieving feeling, she had never had to do it so badly for so long before. Luckily the carpet under her legs soaked up every single ounce of her pee. She quickly got dressed and left the dressing room as if nothing happened.

The End

