Milf techer story!

Author: Blueyedhaw

*000*2024-08-23 21:32

Well folks, by now I'm sure you've read the title and are curious. Well I've decided I'm going to write a loosely based anthology series on a highschool or college based around older women (35-50) and them either wetting themselves, messing themselves, making it or being into all of the above. But I want what I write about to be in your hands. So here is my proposition. For the first entry you all will decide. You will send me an idea, a name, an age, an outcome, and finally say whether you want this to be college or highschool. We go by first come first serve rules so whoever comes up with the most interesting idea first gets the first chapter about their idea and they will decide if this will be college or highschool. Please people go as crazy as possible with your ideas I wanna see your best! Good luck everyone, and please write to your hearts content!

*002*2024-09-06 23:34

{{2 hours ago, The Shark said:

Suprised nobody responded to this. I'll give it a bite if you're still around.

Profile:

Kelly Gardner (F45)

Short, curvy milf. Large breasts and a curvy ass. Long brunette hair typically in a ponytail.

She's at her local community college taking courses to get back into the workforce. However since its been literal decades since shes been in a classroom, her bladder muscles simply arent up to the task of holding for a 90 min long lecture. She comes in on the first day in tight leggings and a modest top that still shows a little cleavage. Just 30 min in shes squirming from the coffee she had early. She asks to use the restroom but the professor at the front refuses. "You know this is a back to the workforce class. The workforce wont allow potty breaks!" He scoffs before returning. Even though shes 45 shes immediately sent back to being a schoolgirl in her mind. Instead of just getting up and going pee she stays, squirming in her seat. She notices other women squirming too but doesn't say anything.

I'd love to have it end with her leaking furiously in her seat, giving up, running to the toilet, only to find it being cleaned by a janitor and losing it just as a class filled with younger students (18-20) are spilling into the hallway while she spills her bladder onto the floor.

}}

Oh I dig this a lot! Thanks for replying, I'll try to get this out as soon as possible. Is there anything else, or any minor details you'd like to add?

*005*2024-09-15 16:29

{{1 hour ago, db218 said:

How about a 40-ish college professor with a mild case of constipation which finally starts resolving itself right as she leaves home, resulting in a desperate few classes with few or no breaks between due to other tasking, time constraints, etc. Details and end result I leave to author discretion, as it should be.

}}

Oh I dig this. It may take a little bit to come out but I'll get to work on this too. Now do you have anything specific you want to happen?

*008*2024-09-16 01:06

{{3 minutes ago, ar ar ar said:

Love the idea. And thanks for lending us your penmanship for our ideas I guess. So.....

36, 5'9, thicc thighs, tiny bit of extra chub on top of her otherwise well kept curvaceous figure. Large-ish breasts, great ass, little bit of a natural belly pouch. Large-ish frame for a woman (can contain a surprising amount of whatever bodily fluids within her) tanned skin complexion, thick mid-length dark hair. Summer appropriate clothing, so like a knee-length skirt (easily hiked up) thin tight low cleavage top and a cardigan over it. However, it's a little too warm in a few places, so she's decided to go commando, with a very big full coverage but well kept bush (perhaps she could feel it getting a little soggy between her thighs from leaking a bit)

Let's say she's had a bad case of constipation for around 7 days (which conveniently will start trying to clear itself up some way through the story) She's got a busy day of lessons to give, and perhaps also a meeting in between (which would mean she can't take a bathroom visit whether she feels the need or not yet, [oh no what a shame]) She knows she has quite a large bladder, so feels confident in her fluid intake (maybe overconfident) and halfway through her morning starts to feel a slight twinge in her bladder, but nothing bad. As the day and obstructions go on, she gets more and more desperate, when she feels a hulking solid mass finally try to start moving (which doesn't help her filled up bladder either).

At the end of her day she finally tries to make it to the bathroom, and perhaps one starting log falls out along her attempt to get there as quickly as possible. Ultimately she needs to get rid of her massive stored up long thick turd and now extremely full and noticeably bulging bladder after her long tormenting day.

I'll leave it up to you with her rate of desperation, when the bowel movements start, types of obstructions, meeting, any little leaks beforehand and whatnot, maybe even a failed attempt to subtly relieve herself she has to give up on, whether in private or trying to have the relevant parts out of view from all her students in front of her. Either way, hoe you're okay with my ideas but still have fun and surprise us with your own little extra parts. Plus also up to you on her name and if she makes it to the bathroom in time for the rest or not.

Thanks again for starting this thread, don't want to be too picky or directing since you're the actual writer, but as requested the details, description and outcome.

}}

Wow I like this a lot. Is there any more details you'd like to give me? I have some ideas but I'd love to hear every little thing you have about this idea.

*010*2024-09-16 01:14

No this was more or less just a coincidence. But in all honesty does she have any kinks? I promise this isn't to much detail, I just want to know for plot/scenario reasons.

And to actually follow up on this are you ok with all of these stories taking place in the same college? I feel like these all could coincide in the same universe.

*012*2024-09-16 01:25

{{Just now, ar ar ar said:

Yeah fuck it, sounds aight, don't think people would mind too much about exact setting, I guess just frequency, type and how many lesson or like lecture style things there are for their own stories.

And Imma say she doesn't have any kinks that coincide with holding, but perhaps doesnt mind the pressure of her bladder against her g spot, but of course that's not gonna stay pleasant for long. I'd say she's not too embarrassed or uptight about it but doesn't exactly want to openly admit to her worsening situation to anyone

}}

Ok I gotcha. Ok final thing, is the no panties thing also an exhibitionism thing or is she just sorta that kind of woman?

