Dark sun

Author: BalloTello

*000*2022-07-15 15:39

Japan is a land of mystery. Sometimes it was worth taking a step away, as from an incredible technological country, you could get into a forest with unknown inhabitants. But this is what children are told in childhood. As childhood years pass, heavenly tales turn into nightmares. Kind foxes Kisune, turn into cruel predators... ***

Hands are shaking, trying hard to hold the gun with a single cartridge. The woman could not hold back her tears... that was the end. The unknown creature is getting closer and closer...

Eyes open sharply. For a day now, an old alarm clock with thick red numbers depicting 6:00 saved her from this nightmare. Despite the annoying sound of an alarm that would most likely drive anyone crazy, for a woman it sounded like a saving song. For the last month, Hinata has been seeing the same dream every day. Here is a young woman on duty, preparing for her own death at the hands of an unknown creature...and every time, the brunette wakes up from the alarm clock...and every time...we shamefacedly find wet pajama pants and a stain on the bed... The damn month brought not only nightmares...but also constant nighttime accidents... A 24-year-old woman, a professional detective... pissed herself heavily. Sometimes Detective Hinata Ono would forget the last morning when she wasn't holding wet panties... Erasing the shame with her own hands, every day she tried to erase another incident from her memory, although she realized that this was not possible.

Just as her sleep from the alarm clock broke, eggs broke on the edge of the pan. The sun in Tokyo was as striking as the city itself. The spring sky turned pleasantly blue, adding to the beauty with the orange dawn of the solar circle. On a small TV there were typical news about what had happened over the past day. Ignoring the next report of the TV channel about the life of the Parliament, Hinata went to the other end of the apartment, leaving the black, strong drink to be brewed. Yosuke's room was a typical teenager's room. Posters of half-naked elves from fantasy online games unknown to her. An old macbook with a connected mouse to destroy virtual enemies in the next round of CS:GO. Probably as many swear words as her younger brother said, no one said. So many wishes to various places and the facts of spending time with other people's mothers shocked me. Sometimes Hinata wondered how a little boy who used to be unable to say two words without embarrassment.

***

Elena Matteo looks into the mirror slowly brushing her chestnut curls. Her white tank top was so thin that it couldn't hide the protruding brown Spanish nipples that were hardening from the morning cold. For a year now, the woman has left her native Granada and moved to Japan for a better job as a Spanish teacher. The woman looked into the mirror again. Black eyes, brown hair, tanned skin and just the right roundness in female areas. However, at times, appearance was her curse. She remembered how one of the students made his way to her apartment in order to watch her as she changed clothes, how frightened she was when she found him, how she cried and begged not to tell anyone that he even peed in his pants...Hell, the guy really made a mess in her apartment that she had to clean...

"Damn, if he kept that in his pants, it wouldn't leak liquid down his pants!"

Elena thought as she passed exactly near the very place at the door of the room where the student tried to see everything he needed. The Spaniard left the apartment heading towards the subway. The city was like an alternate world. Tokyo as a mixture of tradition and pronounced progressivism. The woman smiled bitterly, realizing that today she would again have to feel predatory looks on her breasts and ass from puberty students.

"Breaking news. Today at 1 am, the body of the recently missing Ishida Kotonushi was found in the city center, according to experts, an elderly man was found with his stomach open"

But Hinata did not even listen to the next atrocities of the maniac unknown to her, but only watched the younger one absorb the cereal. The long gray bangs covered the red eyes of the boys who had seen enough of the running characters of online shooters which once again replaced his precious 8 hours of sleep...

- Didn't sleep all night again? -

Sleepily selected young woman sipping her morning coffee.

- I slept ... -

Her brother growled in response, trying to keep his voice clear. Slowly, there were fewer and fewer corn flakes, which meant an imminent exit to the educational colony ... Like every teenager, Yosuke only dreamed of computer games, anime, manga and a glass of chips with a bottle of cola, but not information about a certain slope of some mathematical angle or a literary work of long-forgotten authors.

- Yeah, of course, I look like a fool? -

Hinata made her voice stricter while looking at the screen with the news in parallel. The young brunette perfectly understood the level of today's work. Another victim in a month was alarming and alarming ... Of course, her strict tone with her brother was part of the upbringing that their "beloved mother" decided not to give, replacing him with the money of a rich stepfather, who did not even take care of his son ... her younger brother. And now her beloved brother will walk the streets where an unknown psychopath maniac is operating ... yes, Hinata herself did not notice how she took care of the younger, which caused Yosuke himself to become irritated ...

- Onee-chan? -

Her brother's voice suddenly rang out, interrupting her from watching yet another piece of news about the murder. Awakening from her own thoughts, Hinata discovered that the earlier news feed about the murder turned into a retelling of the result of a national league football game. - Onee-chan, your coffee is cold - The woman realized that the mug in her hands was no longer warm... "Decided to drink a fucking mug," Hinata cursed in her mind.

- Okay onee-chan... I... I'll probably go -

- Yosuke! -

Suddenly his sister called out to him, waiting for the younger to turn to her.

- After school, no walks with friends! Home right away! -

Yosuke felt like he was kicked between the legs...the boy felt something on fire inside him...due to some nonsense on TV, he can't take a normal walk after school with his friends now?

- What!? -

The grey-haired boy was indignant, piercing his unperturbed sister with his eyes.

- I said no. That's mean no -

Briefly cut off all opposition attempts Hinata. Yosuke angrily clenched his fists, ready to defend his rights.

- Hi...yes you...you don't have the right I... -

Suddenly, Hinata smiled maliciously, looking at her brother's blushing face.

- Let one second... -

The older sister giggles at her brother's reaction.

- Will you go out with Hinami? -

Now his brother blushed with embarrassment, not malice.

- What? Not! I... that is, yes, but... -

- Come on, okay, I'm your age... -

Hinata was daydreaming as she heard footsteps towards the front door and in a moment it opened and closed.

- God ... teenagers ... who will understand you - Hinata drank the rest of her coffee as she headed towards the room to get ready for work.

An hour later, Hinata watched the sun rise over the Tokyo City Detective Agency. - Sorry ma'am - A young man's voice came from behind...

P.1 end.

About whom to continue the story in the second chapter?

Elena or Hinata?

