Fill-Me in Florida: Flood Warning!

Author: BurstingBunnie

*000*2021-05-13 20:10

This is a story set in Phentaiee

's comic "Fill-Me - The Human Toilet

" (currently on it's second chapter

) which was written as a trade for art that Phen has done for me! This story can hopefully be enjoyed regardless of if you've read his comic, but I recommend checking it out if you enjoy this sort of thing!

Part One

“Come on, there has to be somewhere!” Milly gasped, pausing her hurried footsteps to cross her legs and bounce in place. Her wavy, pink hair now frizzy and unkempt from the heat of the Florida sun.

Tara walked briskly behind her, toned abs exposed, tense and sweaty, “I told you to ease up on the mocktails…” she berated her housemate.

“You’d think at least one place in town would have a bathroom, ngh-!” Milly grunted, doubling over and giving her crotch a squeeze. “Besides, you’re the one who had to stop at every single drinking fountain!”

“Hydration is important, and I don’t make a habit of getting caught short like some people.”

“I know you have to go too! You didn’t even go this morning!” Milly snapped back, stamping one foot onto the boardwalk.

The two girls had spent the day so far sightseeing in town. In truth there hadn’t been too much to do, but they’d already spent the last few days enjoying the beaches so wandering further inland had been a nice change of pace. Apart from a few fun souvenir stores, they’d spent the morning hopping from café to bar to restaurant and taking it easy, though neither had expected to find every single one without working facilities.

Now, as the two o’clock sun blazed brightly above, two full bladders roamed the boardwalk looking for privacy.

Milly started ranting as she power-walked, “How do you even get away with that? Isn’t there some law about selling drinks and not providing… you know?” She shivered, still not daring to remove her hand from between her legs; there were a dozen ice teas and smoothies demanding exit down there.

“They probably don’t want tourists coming in just to use them.” Suggested Tara, trying to ignore her own internal struggle. Despite her relative composure next to Milly, the athletic lady’s clenched fists and sweat soaked face betrayed her need.

“Ugh!” Milly groaned, “I get that, but even the public toilets were out of order! I wish they’d have just let us in anyway, the toilet doesn’t need to work when we have-”

“Um,” a quieter voice spoke up from behind them, “I’d like to remind you both that I am still here and fully functional.”

Milly and Tara glanced back at Filie, a petite blonde girl and “Human Toilet” - a walking, talking container of urine, with a bladder able to contain unfathomable volumes.

When the girls had purchased Filie, they’d been told she wasn’t capable of feeling, or having any sort of emotional response to stimuli. This of course was referring to the sensation of a full bladder, one that the “Fill-Me” units were said not to experience.

Whether the adverts had lied, or Filie was faulty, the truth remained that she could feel everything. Currently she held hardly more than a meagre two litres, as her tank had been emptied only the previous evening, but she could feel how it stretched her bladder walls, and how it boiled and sloshed when she walked.

Luckily, she didn’t have to hold it herself though, as she came with a built-in filter. She couldn’t empty herself unless her owners wanted, by flicking the switch on her outer labia, which was almost always set to keep her sealed.

Now, both Milly and Tara exchanged an awkward glance in response to Filie’s comments. Milly spoke up, stammering, “W-We know you’re working Filie, b-but just like before, in town, we can’t just u-use you out in the open with all these p-people around.”

Filie blinked, “Oh, I’m sorry, but there are far fewer people here than in town.”

Milly swallowed, suddenly noticing the awkward glances she was getting and feeling ashamed of her hand’s current placement, “It’s n-not the amount of people that’s the issue, Filie…”

“Over here!” Tara called from up ahead, gesturing to a small alley beside a bait and tackle store. Hurrying over, Milly saw that it led off the boardwalk to an empty backlot with a dumpster.

“Th-This isn’t exactly private; anyone could see if they looked in!”

“Fine, hold it. I’m pissing,” Tara scoffed, moving hastily, having already started to unbutton her jean shorts, “Filie, come here!”

Filie was there in a flash, laid on the floor, pants yanked aside and the funnel she kept in her hair inserted and ready to receive Tara’s burden.

With a hiss through gritted teeth, Tara squatted down and relaxed her lower muscles for the first time since the previous night. Her stream began gentle, almost hesitant, like it wasn’t sure if it was safe to come out, but quickly grew into a roaring gusher of clear waste fluid.

Milly had followed them to avoid prying eyes, as her own were now wide and teary, drinking in the sight of Tara unloading with so much force and sound. Were it not for the ocean waves, she was certain everyone for miles could have heard this cacophony of relief. It was enough to force her other hand to join its sister, clutching tightly her spasming nethers in a last-ditch effort to stifle the incoming flood.

The sun still weighed heavily upon her and her tank top’s cleavage was damp with sweat. She began to hop from one foot to the next, her ample breasts bouncing, her abdomen practically sloshing.

Still, Tara’s piss continued, and she closed her eyes and bit her tongue to avoid groaning with pleasure. Below her, Filie was giddy with excitement and taking in every detail of the beautiful woman’s body, the strength of her piss, the heat of it, the steam rising from the great, thick stream. Just as her hold had been composed, so too was her release, it was a powerful but solid arc directly into Filie’s funnel and bladder, without a single splash or misdirection.

As Filie shivered at the sensation of so much pee being added to her already bulged bladder, she heard a choked whine and craned her neck to see Milly, bent double, ankles crossed, with both hands kneading her crotch. Her face was bright pink, tears down her cheeks, eyes locked on Filie’s bladder, a stare so sharp that Filie could feel it.

“T-Tara...” Milly wheezed through her grunting, “P-Please… finish… soon!”

Tara’s eyes remained closed, she sounded a thousand miles away, “Oh? I thought this wasn’t private enough?” she teased.

“TARA I’M GOING TO EXPLODE!”

Tara looked up and, seeing the state of Milly, the smugness instantly vanished from her face. She bore down hard on her bladder, pushing what remained out as quickly as possible. Her stream concluded abruptly without tapering off, then she stood, “I’m done, go!”

Milly had been rushing over before Tara had even spoken, almost pushing her aside as she threw down her damp cotton shorts, then pulled her fully soaked panties aside. She squatted down with her legs spread wide and a geyser burst from between them, Filie had to move quickly to angle her funnel so the majority of the violently messy piss was caught within.

After the initial spray, Milly’s gusher stabilised a little, still spluttering and splashing, but now almost completely heading into Filie.

Unlike Tara, Milly seemed to have no issue moaning loudly as she unloaded, her paranoia over being spotted had been drowned out by her desperation, and now she was wobbling as if about to lose consciousness.

While Tara busied herself with taking tissues from her bag and wiping, Filie intently observed the way Milly’s legs began to tremble as she let go.

This is the most desperate I’ve ever seen her, Filie thought, trying not to make it obvious how much she was loving this marathon of high pressure pisses she was taking in.

Filie felt her mind grow cloudy, and those clouds grow grey and swollen, but absolutely refusing to rain. She barely noticed when Milly lost her balance.

The still peeing girl had leaned a little too far forward in her dream-like state of relief and threw her arms towards Filie to catch herself. Which she did, and thankfully without soaking herself or Filie in the process. One of her hands hit the gravel painfully, while the other very nearly knocked the funnel aside, instead planting itself between Filie’s legs.

Her thumb brushed against something firm, which Milly barely registered but assumed to be the base of the funnel.

It was not.

Filie’s eyes snapped open and she looked to her still swelling midsection, as she felt the churning mass of liquid inside begin to gurgle and shift, something clunking heavily into place and trickling downwards.

Unbeknownst to Milly, she had just flicked the switch that controlled Filie’s filter, leaving the contents of her bladder free to attempt escape!

Said “contents” currently found their exit blocked by the force of Milly’s flood. Like a waterfall hitting a lake, Milly’s piss caused froth to form and ripples to form inside of Filie, who was still trying to process the intense feelings she was now rocked with.

A stinging, sparking need to push against the entering fluid was absolutely overwhelming her every nerve and muscle, but with all of her will, Filie was able to keep her body from betraying her.

The second the dreadful stream died down, Filie had to bite her bottom lip to keep from crying out, as she clenched her lower muscles for all she was worth, battling to keep the furious urine that had left her bladder, trapped, and burning in her urethra.

Milly finally collapsed, letting her body land beside Filie, her shorts still down and her thighs and panties sprinkled with fresh pee. It was at this stage that Tara couldn’t hold it any longer, she snorted, laughing loudly.

“You should have asked to go first!” she joked, heading over to give her pink-haired, piss drained friend a hand up.

Lying still beside her, Filie was the furthest she could imagine being from laughing. Inside her distended abdomen, a storm raged; waves threw themselves against the cliffside, the clouds let forth their thunder and started to rain, lightning struck the walls of the dam, and the shockwaves exploded inside her mind.

(to be continued)

*002*2021-05-27 16:46

Oh gosh I totally forgot I hadn't posted the second part of this yet, my bad! Thanks everyone for reading so far, there's more coming soon!

Part Two

When Milly had come down from her post-piss afterglow, she’d cleaned herself up as best she could and accepted that, with how sweat soaked her outfit was, it probably wasn’t that noticeable that she’d gotten a little pee on herself.

Following this, the trio had resumed their aimless wandering. Tara had realised that they’d stumbled into a part of the boardwalk that they hadn’t seen before, and both girls agreed it to spend the rest of the day here.

Filie had nodded at this, walking behind them as they talked, something she already did most of the time anyway, but this time she avoided asking questions, in fact she tried to speak as little as possible.

Her entire mind was floating in a yellow river, her body tense and her most intimate parts clenched so tightly it hurt. Not only did she have to fight with every ounce of her being to maintain hold of this ponderous load, but it was imperative that she remain calm, and show no hint whatsoever of her distress. Not in-front of her owners.

Even the issue of the switch could not be brought up, she felt, for this would show them that she’d noticed her filter’s absence, and the lie she’d kept up since they bought her would be flushed away.

Worse still, if she were to lose control, to leak even a single spurt of her precious cargo, she would have failed in her one purpose, and have no choice but to allow herself to be replaced with a new, properly functioning Fill-Me unit.

Milly and Tara meant the world to Filie, and she cherished every moment spent with them, and holding their wonderful urine.

There must have been over three litres of boiling, impatient piss clawing around inside her now. Growling and gurgling in its dense, piddle prison. Filie couldn’t imagine anyone alive had ever needed to take a leak as badly as she did now, but if suffering this was what it took to stay with her owners, she was determined to find a way to hold on.

So, she walked slowly, keeping to herself, chewing her tongue when she wanted to groan or whimper, clenching and unclenching her fists and keeping count of every step she took that didn’t end in tragedy. Her face was as calm as she could make it, but she was barely blinking, and her jaw was stiff. No matter what she couldn’t keep the deep red from her cheeks or the sweat from dripping down her body, only pray that she could blame these terrible symptoms on the heat above, rather than the heat below.

Filie kept her head low, lost in her fears and fullness, she focused on the floorboards, she tried to ignore the incessant roar of the sea. She tried not to imagine those sounds were echoing from within her.

Then her bladder bumped into Milly’s back.

“Oh, sorry Filie!” her curvy owner said, turning to look at her, “Were you too busy sightseeing?”

The impact had jostled her piss tank; distending wildly from under her crop-top, it jutted out ahead of her as if she were six months pregnant. Filie stumbled backwards, her insides spasming wildly to take advantage of this lapse of concentration. Summoning her courage, Filie swallowed down the desperation and straightened herself up, playing off her stumble as nothing more than a loss of balance – which it was, to be fair, with how much heavier she was at the front now.

“Y-Yeah,” Filie stuttered, unable to help it, “Why’d we stop?”

Milly looked at her a little funny, maybe she’d noticed the stammer, or maybe Filie’s faux composure was not as convincing as she thought. The muscles in her thighs burned as she forced them to remain parted and still, she kept her eyes from twitching and her smile natural.

Either way, Milly couldn’t say anything before Tara turned back towards them and gestured to the large billboard ahead.

“I think we know what we’re doing with our afternoon,” she grinned.

With a dread that ached through her kidneys, Filie gaped up at the sign for “Whiplash Typhoon: Rollercoaster and Water Park!”

Though she didn’t know what a “Rollercoaster” was, or a “Whiplash Typhoon” for that matter, Filie knew the graphics of fast-moving carriages and rolling waves were spelling her doom.

Her heart caught in her throat and pounded in her piss stuffed pussy.

It wasn’t long before the three girls, and Filie’s bladder, were filing onto a busy bus and taking some seats near the back. The amusement park was only a half-hour ride away, and this service took tourists right to it from the beach. Milly had led them to the stop with her phone, and no sooner had they arrived that the bus had too.

As they settled in, Tara and Milly beside each other and Filie in one of the two seats behind them, Milly gasped, having gone for a drink and found her water bottle empty.

“Oops! I hadn’t wanted a drink since what happened, I thought there was some left.”

Tara checked her own, she’d had some gulps while they’d explored the boardwalk and it was only half full. “You can have some of mine, but not all of it. We’ll grab some drinks when we arrive.”

Out of their sight, Filie hadn’t even bothered to keep her thighs together. During the walk to the bus, she’d resigned herself to failure, to causing the very thing she existed to prevent, an accident. As she’d sat down, she’d felt her bladder churn, the stagnant urine was swirling, forming a piercing whirlpool directly above the tiny, quivering ring of muscles that couldn’t possibly hope to deny it any longer.

Just as tears distorted her vision, and she prepared to paint the town yellow, Milly’s comments had broken through.

With a start, she sat up straight, she slammed her thighs together, the sound covered by the rattling of the bus’s engine, and she tightened her piss hole like a vice. A great wave of pressure overwhelmed her, every atom of her being trembled and crossed its legs, Filie went red in the face, stopped breathing, and grit her teeth so hard they might have shattered.

Drinking. The answer was drinking. All she had to do was get Milly to use her before her strength gave out. Considering the heat, and Milly’s no-doubt tired sphincter from such an intense hold just now, there was every chance that Filie could get her bursting before she did.

Torturous vibrations rose through the floor and into her ocean as the bus began its journey. Yet, the surge of seething urgency had passed, and Filie had somehow survived it. Now, there was hope, and she refused to leak one drop.

(to be continued)

*003*2021-06-13 16:04

Part Three

Filie’s resolve had only slightly wavered by the time the bus had rattled to its destination. There had been some close calls, some bumps in the road if you will, but Filie had held her grip throughout and occupied her mind with the lush scenery out her window.

If it weren’t for the significantly higher stakes of the scenario, Filie would have been more upset that her urgency was keeping her from enjoying such a new experience, but as it was, she had a great deal more weighing on her mind and muscles.

As several other passengers disembarked, Filie sucked in air and braced herself for the trial of standing. Her lower muscles were so extremely cinched together that they’d started to cramp, and as she stood, she felt a fire in her thighs from the attempt to support both herself and the heavy hydration of two beautiful girls. This thought would have usually excited Filie, but today it was a grim reminder of her personal war.

“Oh gosh!” Milly called as she stepped outside ahead of Filie, “How pretty!”

Following as quickly as her body allowed, Filie’s view was encompassed by a great spray of liquid. A huge fountain marked the entrance of the park, with cute stone dolphins shooting arcs of water high above the gates and down into shallow rivers that looped back towards the structure.

Pretty was certainly one word for it, as streams caught the sunbeams and caused faint impressions of colours to form all around.

A hundred questions filled Filie’s mind, she wanted to know all about the colours, and the fountain - and come to think of it, the park itself. Speaking in complete sentences, however, was simply out of the question, as her ears were flooded with a splashing, trickling, babbling noise.

She saw herself atop the fountain, squatting with her legs spread wide - a mirror of the pose Milly had taken when she’d released inside her an hour ago. At this, she would, herself, form colours in the air, especially the colour yellow.

Will Milly suspect something’s wrong if I don’t ask? Filie threated, biting her bottom lip, and looking around for some explanation that wouldn’t require her talking.

“Those colours are called rainbows, Filie!” Milly beamed, walking back to stand beside her, “It’s what happens when it rains with the sun out; these fountains are doing the same thing!”

Wonder and joy broke out on Filie’s face, a perfect mask for her relief at Milly’s rescue. It almost helped supress the awful urgency that the sounds of this place were forcing to surge and stab at her nethers. Almost.

Tickets were sold by length of stay, so it wasn’t that expensive to spend the afternoon. Filie had even gotten in for free, being that she was technically a possession. Milly had given her a guilty look when the attendant had said that, but Filie forced her best smile back and that seemed to settle it.

Tara picked up and map and started trying to work out which “rollercoaster” was going to have the shortest line, while Milly commented on wanting to find a place to fill her water bottle.

It was curious to Filie that she hadn’t just used the fountain, but this did remind her of her all-important mission. To her delight, there was a stand for what looked like beverages nearby. She tugged gently on Milly’s shirt to get her attention, “Um, what about that?”

“Hm?” Milly looked the stall over, “Oh, I don’t need anything fancy like that, I just need a drinking fountain or something.”

Filie swallowed, undeterred, “B-But, um, aren’t we here to have, um… amusement?”

Milly laughed, Tara too, placing her hands on her hips, “She’s not wrong Milly, when in Rome. Besides, you love smoothies!”

“I do love smoothies… Oh, alright then!” Milly giggled, having not taken much convincing. She took Filie by the hand and hurried over.

The sudden movement cost Filie her balance and she stepped awkwardly, her inner ocean thrashing about, fresh dribbles easing into her dangerously full urethra. When they stopped and stood at the vendor, it took Filie some thirty seconds of intense concentration to choke back the waves. Her entire universe boiled down to a pinpoint location; her throbbing pee hole, contracting to near the point of inward collapse.

“These are certainly interesting…” Milly mused, looking over the unique flavours, “Do you know what any of these are, or do you want me to pick for you?”

“A-Ahh…” Filie breathed, trying her best not to let her voice shake. She had been so busy surviving the results of Milly bringing her along, that she hadn’t realised it meant she was expected to drink too. “I… I don’t mind?”

Milly gave her a look, but the tide had calmed, or become as calm as it had been prior, and Filie was able to centre herself and smile naturally. Milly made their orders without questioning her, “One large Bubble-gum Burst and a Lemonade Spill, please! You liked that lemon juice the other day, didn’t you Filie?”

History’s most piss-filled person gave a quick nod, trying not to think too hard about those bizarre drink names. Another close call, but how many more could she afford?

Over the next half hour, the trio wandered around, Tara leading them to anywhere that looked exciting. Some passing clouds had given them a brief respite from the sun, so they decided not to head to the waterpark side of things just yet. Filie begged those clouds to stay put until she’d gotten Milly to use her.

A promising venture, as Milly had sucked down her smoothie in a matter of minutes. Filie had taken hers slowly; each gulp of sweet liquid flowing down her throat seemed to filter instantly into her fermenting reservoir below. The muscles between Filie’s legs were nearly numb from her constant clenching, but thankfully her patient, gradual intake avoided any major increases in pressure for that time. It would seem that as long as things stayed relatively stable, she would be able to maintain this agonising hold long enough.

Stable they seemed destined to stay too, for every ride Tara had hurried towards had been found with a que extending beyond the designated space.

“Ugh!” Tara groaned, “We’ll only get on, like, one ride at this rate.”

Milly sipped at her newly filled water bottle, no longer that thirsty after downing the smoothie, “If we just gotten in line before instead of looking for another one, maybe we’d have done one already by now.”

“You’re right…” Tara sighed, dejected. She perked up again though, making a fist and grinning, “but if we only get to do one, we’re gonna make it the best one! The Serpent’s Kiss!”

There was a line as long as any of them had been for “The Serpent’s Kiss,” but according to Tara it was one of the fastest coasters in the state. It featured five loops and an extended plummeting section, in which the carriage went almost totally vertical.

Milly was pretty nervous, but with Tara’s encouragement she agreed to give it a go, and both were certain Filie would love it.

Truly, she would have, it sounded incredibly exciting! There was just one, little, pounding, boiling, churning, not-so-little problem currently crushing her urethral sphincter. That was why she knew she had to find some way to make this worthwhile.

Out the corner of her eye she spotted the solution, ice cream! Filie had tried this once before when they’d first arrived in Florida and were adjusting to the heat. Though technically a food item, this confection would end up entirely liquid after consumption.

She had to get Milly to buy one, even if it meant her enduring the additional intake along with her. The ice cream should be an easy sell, with the lengthy que ahead, and had to guarantee Milly would be needing a pit-stop by the time it was over! Filie just hoped she would be able endure the “fastest coaster in the state” without making it the wettest too.

Okay, let’s do this. Filie turned to her only hope and opened her mouth, “Would you like to get some-?”

“Wow! Are you sure?” Tara gasped at three strangers, one of which was handing her what looked like additional tickets.

“Mhm!” Smiled a woman with a strong Florida accent, “We paid for the whole day, but we’ve already been on everything.”

“Still,” Milly replied, having not noticed Filie, “It’s really generous of you.”

One of her two friends continued, “We live right ‘round the corner,” he said, “We come here all the time, don’t mention it.”

The woman continued, “It’s either we give ‘em to you three or they go to waste!”

“That’s awesome, thank you!” Tara cried, overjoyed, passing the tickets back to Milly and Filie.

Filie’s face fell as she read the bold, flashy font. “W-What’s a… Fast-Pass?”

“It means we get to skip the ques, come on!” Milly giggled, yanking Filie along as she hurried after Tara towards the separate, Fast-Pass ride entry.

The ice cream stand disappears from Filie’s view, the steps up to the ride battering her overworked system without mercy. The trembling little toilet feels her life flash before her eyes, as if suspended in a yellow tide.

(to be concluded...)

