Wet Walk Home of Shame

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2021-12-18 03:38

Bernadette was familiar with the wet walk home of shame. Whether it was really all the way home or to the parking lot she had seen three people wet themselves at the restaurant she worked at.

Bernadette was 25, working to help her with paying for grad school. She could vividly remember all three of the big settings she had seen in the six months she worked there.

The first was a guy, either 19 or 20 pissing himself after being taken out by security after being caught underage drinking. His friends picked him and dragged him to his dorm with piss dripping onto the sidewalk. She could only imagine how humiliating it had been.

The second was a young mother with a child, roughly 35 or so. The frantic mother had arrived at the restaurant at around 5:00 o’clock with a baby in hand. Bernadette had figured she wanted to change the baby’s diaper, until she noticed the mother’s legs quivering. She had to calmly explain to the woman that the restroom was for customers.

The woman explained she had to leave work early (she was a teacher at the local middle school) to grab her child from the babysitter because her husband had to stay at his job later. She had rushed to the sitter’s home and grabbed her child but never quite managed to get herself to a restroom. Her home was over thirty minutes and she knew she wouldn’t make it in time.

The poor woman sat a table for five minutes before heading for the woman’s restroom-which happened to be out of order. The whole restaurant got front row seats to this attractive, well-dressed woman wetting her jeans in front of the bathroom.

Bernadette could hear snickers from all over the restaurant as the woman shamefully walked out to her car, wet jeans in full view of the window.

The final one was someone who Bernadette knew, and took place only a few weeks ago, when a shy and smart girl named Mikayla from her classes. Mikayla was one of the smartest people on her class, usually devoted to her work, but to Bernadette’s surprise came into the restaurant on a date with a red headed guy.

As Bernadette waited their table and said hello to her classmate, she could tell something was off. Mikayla’s legs were shifting under the table and she kept playing with her skirt. She figured it was just nerves as the poor girl was generally considered to be pretty shy. Turns out she was just too shy to tell her date she badly needed to pee.

As they were doing the check Bernadette heard a hissing noise and realized Mikayla had totally wet herself. The poor girl barely held back tears as her skirt and tights were filled with her urine. Her date comforted her and gave her his jacket to help her cover up. Although she was spared the total humiliation of the previous two, she still had to walk back to the college with her own pee all over herself. As far as Bernadette knew Mikayla was still seeing the redhead weeks later, so things had worked out for her after all.

But all those stories were irrelevant one busy Saturday night a few weeks later, as Bernadette rushed from table to table, desperately trying to avoid an incident of her own.

She had not anticipated how busy it was going to be that night, and coming straight from class where she drank a whole coffee to pay attention was certainly not her wisest move.

She changed into her work outfit at her dorm room before walking to the restaurant, about 30 minutes from the campus. The outfit was simple, blue jeans, a t shirt themed on the restaurant and black sneakers. She felt a twinge in her bladder on the way there, cursing herself slightly for not going back at school. It was too late for her to turn back now, her shift started in a few minutes.

Upon arrival she was immediately thrust into service, the restaurant being far more crowded than usual. She put on her apron and started taking orders.

Bernadette was her usual cheery self, being kind and friendly to all the people coming to eat. She felt a slight pressure in her abdomen but it wasn’t anything too distracting.

At around 8:00 o’clock she expected to get her usual break where she would be able to take a quick dip into the woman’s room. By that point she could definitely notice that she needed to go, but not to the point of pain.

Unfortunately for her, a large surge of patrons arrived near that time. As she poured another round of drinks for a family of four she bent one knee in front of the other. Watching the liquid pour into the glasses combining with knowing she wasn’t getting a break sent a strong pang to her bladder. She breathed out deeply as she went over to the table.

After giving them their drinks she pulled out her pad and started to write down their food orders, but she noticed she made several mistakes writing that she had to cross out and write over again.

Bernadette showed them the note to make sure it was all correct, starting to stumble over her own words as she spoke. They nodded in approval and she brought it to the cook before running off to the next table. She eyed the woman’s room but already saw several women and girls enter. There was no way she’d be able to sneak off and pee without leaving a table unattended.

Another table, another round of drinks, another round of torture to her bladder. By 9:30 the pain was starting to get to her. Only thirty minutes remained til closing. Bernadette moaned slightly as she watched Diet Pepsi pour into a glass. She slowly walked towards the table, her knees buckling with every step.

The next table was her worst nightmare, a group of middle aged men making suggestive remarks towards her and asking for her number. She lied and told them she was taken-she hadn’t been since she was 18-but they didn’t know that.

She could barely hold the pen still to write down their orders, and the inappropriate comments in between only made the situation worse.

Bernadette’s lower lip quivering as she finished writing, the pain in her bladder becoming nearly too much to bare. At 9:50 she cleaned up the plates from a table, the clock ticking down slowly. Only ten minutes until closing and the restaurant was still packed.

Even once everyone had left she would have to clean up all of the plates and tidy up the place. At least then she would be able to sneak off into the restroom and finally let go of the reservoir waiting to come bursting through the dam.

She returned to the table of perverts again as they demanded refills on their drinks, with one of the patrons complaining he had given the wrong food and demanding that he wouldn’t have to pay for his meal.

Bernadette tried to talk him down, but she could barely make out words their her stammering. She stood by the table, legs bouncing up and down and up and down as she desperately tried to hold back the river. After the man asked her to suck him off in repayment for his food being wrong, she walked away to let the manager deal with it.

At last it was 10 o’clock and she started to move towards the restroom. Her walk was interrupted by the sounds of security dealing with the complaining man. She looked over for a moment to witness what was taking place. She instantly regretted it, as stopping only drew her attention to her pained bladder.

Bernadette stood in place, legs crossed tight and her hands cupped over her crotch. It was obvious to any onlooker what was happening. She heard a crash and saw security tackle the yelling asshole as he had turned violent and she lost all control.

A sharp hiss of pee rushed into her jeans, soaking her thighs and calves and running down into her sneakers. Bernadette couldn’t help but moan as the waterfall let loose over the cliff that was her legs. When it finished she noticed the security and the man had stopped fighting and nearly everyone was looking at her.

The manager called her aside and said that she could go early and that the rest of the staff could handle clean up. The 25-year old walked outside and wiped tears from her eyes as she began her own wet walk home of shame.

*001*2021-12-22 20:47

Who wants part 2?

*003*2021-12-27 20:18

Kayleigh was also familiar with the wet walk home of shame. Whether it was really all the way home or to the parking lot she had seen four people wet themselves at the restaurant she worked at.

Kayleigh was 18, working to help her pay for her first car. She could vividly remember all four of the big settings she had seen in the three months she worked there.

She was a hostess, working at the very front of the restaurant. Her first week in she saw a guy named Hunter getting taken out by security after he was caught drinking underage at the bar. He was in the grade above her, having just graduated that year, and she knew he wasn’t 21. Thankfully the blame wasn’t levied on Kayleigh, since he arrived before her shift started that day.

Nevertheless she got front row tickets to the drunken fool pissing on the sidewalk and all over his pants when security slammed him down outside, his friends dragging him away back to their dorm.

The second one Kayleigh didn’t know much about, some woman with a baby apparently was having an emergency. All she knew is she saw the woman completely soaking her jeans in full view of everyone.

The third one she had less of a clue, some girl on a date pissing herself because she was too nervous to go, at least that’s what she was told. She didn’t even realize what had happened until she saw the girl outside with her date’s jacket wrapped around her.

Number four, well how could she forget. Number four was her coworker Bernadette, who had wet herself only a few weeks ago.

Kayleigh felt bad, as the bubbly blonde who was always cheery and kind to basically everyone completely embarrassed herself in front of the entire restaurant.

Kayleigh couldn’t poke fun, she certainly could go for a bathroom visit herself by the end of that busy night. But she hadn’t worked as many hours as the older girl did, so she was spared the same level of bladder torture.

Kayleigh was seven years younger than her counterpart, also a bit shorter and with dark black hair instead of blonde. She was on decent terms with Bernadette, not exactly best friends but they certainly said hello to one another. She did feel bad for her certainly, as the outgoing older girl had been very quiet in the weeks since.

Nevertheless, she silently applauded Bernadette for toughing it out and not quitting (although Bernadette probably had no choice, seeing as she was in grad school and needed money). Kayleigh wasn’t sure if she could’ve stayed on, and she was worried she would find out very soon as today was not being kind to her bladder.

She had nearly been late to work. It was Friday night and school had been rough, with Kayleigh having to stay after to finish a test. She quickly sprinted home (her house wasn’t far) and realized her shift started in only 20 minutes.

She changed into her work uniform, which was a bit more fancy as a hostess. She wore a black shirt, grey dress pants and black ankle boots. She tied her black hair into a pony tail and had it draped over her right shoulder. She started walking to work when she felt her bladder begin to send her messages. She hadn’t had a pee since lunch time in school, but she certainly didn’t have time to turn around and go to her home toilet.

When she arrived she began walking towards the restroom when her boss stopped her and said she was needed at her post ASAP. Her bladder protested, although it was a small protest as she bursted, but she did what she was told.

She immediately got to work greeting customers and leading them to their tables as well as processing their checks.

Kayleigh lightly pee danced behind her podium as she processed out a family of six before another round of patrons walked right in.

She noticed Bernadette would be serving as their waitress. She wondered how the blonde was doing, was she also getting pretzel legged due to the ocean inside her? Kayleigh made her way back to the front, taking slow steps as her thighs got close together.

Kayleigh was at about the level she was at the night that Bernadette had her accident, the only difference being she was that level near the end of her shift, not with hours to go. She had to hope and pray that she would have an opportunity to slip away to the bathroom soon.

She gripped both ends of her podium, crossed her legs and bent down slightly. It was like a heavy weight had been dropped inside her body, with her muscles just barely keeping it from coming exploding out.

Kayleigh looked outside to see if anyone was coming, as well as looked around the restaurant to see if any patrons would be coming with checks. It did not seem to be the case, thus the young hostess decided to make her break for the restroom.

Please, please, please! Kayleigh’s mind faced with the thought of being able to sit on a porcelain throne and simply let go. She had to stop for a moment and squeeze her thighs together as the thoughts nearly made her leak.

Before anyone could look she quickly started moving again only to see several women in a queue for the restroom. Right in front of her was a woman, probably in her late 30s or early 40s.

“Miss, I’m very sorry about this, but could I possibly cut in front of you. I really need to use the restroom but I have to get back upfront quickly and I honestly don’t have time to be waiting.” Kayleigh asked.

“Young lady I am sympathetic but I can barely hold it any longer myself. I’ve been bursting since my husband picked me up yo go out to dinner. There’s no way I can give up my spot.” The woman replied, a hand moving to the crotch of her jeans.

Kayleigh didn’t respond, instead making her way back up front as a group of teenagers was entering. By chance one of them was a girl she knew two grades below her. The hostess’ legs quivering as she gave the girl a hug and then lead the group to their table.

As the time passed Kayleigh only struggled more and more, scissoring her legs around and around behind her podium, thanking her lucky stars she had concealment for her little dance.

The girl’s eyes closed as she felt a leak spring out. Her teeth gritted and her knees turned inwards. Her breathing got much heavier as she put everything she had into ensuring no more came out. Kayleigh tried as subtly as she could to make certain no pee had gotten into her light grey pants, which thankfully it had not. Her panties however, had not been spared. The new warmth down below was certainly not helping as the rest of the piss droplets demanded to be re-united with their brothers and sisters.

Kayleigh looked at her phone (against the rules while on duty but she was too desperate to care). The time was 9:30. A half hour until closing. A half hour until sweet relief. Her hands were sore and sweaty from gripping the podium. Her toes curled up tight inside her boots.

With not much time left a group of guys walked over with their checks, roughly around her age but she had never seen them before. She moved to the kiosk and starting processing them, her legs jiggling the whole time.

The last guy in the bunch, a nerdy looking guy with glasses asked for her phone number as she was finishing with his check. Kayleigh wanted to give it to him, but in that moment her brain shut down and words stammered from her mouth as the floodgate opened.

Piss spilled onto the back of her light grey dress pants, turning them much darker. A loud sigh came from her mouth as the river ran free. The loud hiss could be heard in every direction. The warm liquid ran down her legs and soaked her socks and filled the inside of her boots.

“Uh, I take that as a no.” The guy said before him and his friends headed off. Kayleigh stood in astonishment at the level of urine came out of her, just before the sinking feeling of pure humiliation set in. Her face turned bright red as everyone around saw what happened, including Bernadette.

Kayleigh got the okay to head home, so she set off into the night, beginning her own wet walk home of shame.

*004*2022-01-24 15:35

Anyone have anything they want to see in part 3?

*009*2022-02-22 19:24

Rachel was familiar with the wet walk home of shame. How could she not be, two of her employees had wet themselves in the last month!

The middle aged woman called. both girls into the back rooms of the restaurant. Bernadette, the waitress; and Kayleigh, the hostess. Her restaurant’s google reviews page was filled with posts about how it’s workers piss themselves.

“I’m gonna need an explanation on what’s going on. My restaurant can’t survive this negative press. Let me be clear, the next person to wet themself, is fired!”

“And no bathroom breaks tonight once shift begins, I need to know you two grown ladies are capable of holding it in!”

The two girls nodded in understanding. It was ten minutes until shift and Kayleigh already needed to pee again. But she had thought ahead! As a hostess, she was able to wear what she pleased, wearing dark black dress pants to help hide any further accidents.

Bernadette did not have the same luxury, as the older blonde had to wear blue jeans with her restaurant brand t-shirt as her uniform. She looked jealously at her 18-year old counterpart. Bernadette’s legs squirmed as she already felt a need to go as well. She quickly made her way to the restroom, sitting herself onto the toilet and letting loose.

Outside, Kayleigh listened as the older girl got to relieve her bladder, sharp pains already forming as the noise penetrated her ears. Unknown to her, Bernadette decided to sit on the toilet and her phone for a short while, delaying the younger girl from getting her relief she needed.

Kayleigh didn’t have time to wait, making her way upfront to her podium to invite in customers and losing her chance to pre until later. She tied her black hair into a ponytail and started to greet the incoming patrons.

Bernadette chuckled to herself. The grad student was not usually petty or conniving, but she needed to keep this job at any cost. And as bad as she felt for the younger girl, she figured Kayleigh would herself be leaving for college and didn’t need the job as much as she did.

Kayleigh saw Bernadette walk out and take a sip from her metal water bottle before going to take orders. Kayleigh had thought ahead, taking some of her fathers diuretics from home and slipping them into Bernadette’s water bottle. It would only be a matter of time before the 26-year old was squirming again.

Kayleigh danced her own legs in place, her boots shifting across the floor. She hoped her black pants wouldn’t be necessary to try and hide an accident, nor she even know they would be enough, but she had to do everything she could to defeat Bernadette.

Bernadette felt confused as the pills started to take effect on her. Only twenty minutes since she had peed and already an urge was forming. She had to force away the nervous feelings and look towards the short brunette by the door of the restaurant dancing behind her podium. I just have to outlast her, and she’s way ahead of me. Nevertheless she couldn’t shake the images in her head of her jeans and sneakers getting filled with piss again.

Kayleigh took glances at the tall blonde whenever she could. Looking for any sign of desperation. A leg twitch, struggling speech, anything really. She was starting to panic, not confident the diuretics she had given Bernadette would work faster than her own bodily needs. She gripped both sides of the podium as her bladder continued to fill. She was interrupted by a older couple coming in for dinner.

“Right this way, I’ll show you to your table.” Kayleigh said with a false smile. She made her way over to a table in Bernadette’s section, her thighs rubbing together through her awkward waddle. God I have to pee. She thought to herself. I’m going to lose. Kayleigh to herself.

I’m going to lose. Bernadette thought to herself. Unknown to her, the pills were working overtime on her, and the poor waitress was unable to stand still.

Towards the end of the night, both girls were absolutely bursting. Kayleigh had to bend over and put both hands on her crotch whenever no one was looking. Bernadette suffered every time she poured another customers drink. About a half hour to closing Kayleigh approached Rachel.

“Please let me use the bathroom. I really can’t hold it much longer.”

“If you can’t hold you won’t be working here anymore.” Her employer responded.

Bernadette watched the exchange. Please just let her pee herself already. It’s bullshit she gets to wear those black pants. She reached down and felt the crotch of her jeans, making sure no wet patch was visible.

Finally the time came for the customers to head home. Bernadette turned to the restroom as fast as she could as she finished cleaning the last table. Kayleigh was taking checks as she saw the waitress heading to the porcelain throne.

No, no! Once she gets in there I’ll never get a chance to go. Kayleigh thought to herself. Her legs bounced as she handed the last receipt. Thank God! She turned and made her way to the restroom, black ankle boots loudly clacking on the floor.

Bernadette herself had not made it into the woman’s room either, as her boss Rachel was already inside. Please hurry! The blonde thought to herself as she pee danced in place.

Kayleigh arrived just as Rachel was exiting and Bernadette was about to enter.

“Bernadette please! I can’t hold it!” Kayleigh had her hand firmly holding her crotch the whole walk over. A tear went down her cheek from the pain.

“I can’t lose this job, I’m sorry.” Bernadette responded.

“Neither of you will be using this restroom until the other wets themself. I need to know which of my workers can hold their urine.” Rachel said as she watched the two girls squirm, a sadistic smile crossing her face. She stood firmly in the doorway.

Kayleigh felt a spurt run down the back of her leg. She thanked her lucky stars for her black pants. Tears welled in the 18-year old brunette’s eyes.

Her older competitor wasn’t doing much better. Both hands cupped in her crotch to stop any spurts into her jeans.

Finally, one of their bladders gave in. The unfortunate girl had tears for the second time as her pants were flooded. The wetness ran down her legs and into her shoes.

It was Bernadette. A 26 year old woman and grad student wet herself for the second time in a month. Her jeans and sneakers were completely soaked as she placed her hands over her eyes.

Rachel stepped aside and let Kayleigh run into the restroom. The girl had already half wet herself, but her pants concealed it. She sprinted into the restroom as spurts continued to shoot down her legs.

She pulled down her pants and let loose into the toilet. Oh my God, oh my God! The relief was immeasurable.

She came out to see her coworker crying and being castigated.

“Bernadette, I’m sorry, but you’re fired!” Rachel scolded her.

Kayleigh had a change of heart in that moment.

“My pants are basically wet too. You don’t have to do this to her.” She defended her coworker.

“She couldn’t hold it in like a big girl. She shouldn’t work here.”

“I barely held it in. If you’re going to fire her, then I quit!”

“Surely you don’t mean that!” Rachel couldn’t lose both workers.

“It’s true. Either you let her stay or I quit too!”

“Fine! But I don’t want to see your faces again tonight. Get the hell out of here!”

Kayleigh let Bernadette put her coat around her waist. She comforted the poor girl and the two walked home, together and with no shame.

