Kiribaku

Author: BlueBirdNails

*000*2022-05-14 21:56

Bakugou POV:

I'd never worn a diaper before. The idea of it sounded crazy, and stupid. And kinky. I was not about to wear a diaper. I told myself that until I realized that my crush, Eijro Kirishima, had a kink for diapers.

I was totally gonna wear diapers.

I ordered my first pair the night he told me he was into that kinda thing. As soon as they came in, I put them on.

I wore them for an hour before my first class. I had stuffed a few pairs in my backpack, too, just in case. By the time my first class started, I was about to burst. Kirishima noticed.

"Bakugou, you okay?" He asked.

My face darkened. "Yeah." I muttered. He raised an eyebrow. And then suddenly went pink. "Do you have to pee?"

I gulped. "A little. I can hold it. And if I can't-" I cut myself off. Shit. He didn't know about the diapers. "And if you can't what?" He asked, blushing even more now. I gulped again. "Then I'll...Um..." I stuttered. He was practically grinning by now.

"A-Are you wearing," He bit his lip. "A diaper?"

I went completely red. "Um..." I muttered. He stared at my crotch. "Yeah." I admitted.

Kirishima said nothing, but took my hand and dragged me out of the classroom. Once we were halfway across the hall, he said, "The teacher's not here yet. I'll just tell him you were sick."

"What are you gonna do to me?" I asked. He just smiled toothily.

He dragged me to my dorm, and I fumbled for the key. "H-here." I said. He snatched the key and opened the door, still, might I add, holding my hand.

"Kirishima..?" I asked. He threw me on my bed. I laid there, stunned. He went looking through my drawers. Then my backpack. His face suddenly lit up, and he pulled out the diapers.

"Now," He said, grinning. "You be good for Daddy. Do as I say." I nodded. "Come here, sit on my lap."

He sat down beside me and I crawled into his lap. I sat there, staring at him.

Suddenly he said, "Pee on me."

I would have thought I was deaf. "What?" I asked.

"You heard me. Do as I tell you. Now."

I was practically dying of confusion but I muttered, "Yes."

"Yes what?"

"Yes, Daddy."

He seemed satisfied. "Now, go."

I hesitated, but all that chocolate milk I drank was really starting to take it's toll. Suddenly, piss erupted from my crotch.

Kirishima grinned and sucked my neck.

I peed more, heavier. The warmth felt so good, and the moans I made felt even better. Pretty soon yellow liquid was streaming out of the diaper, straight unto Kiri's lap. He sucked harder, biting my neck and rubbing my nipples.

He laid down, and I sat on his chest, just peeing. It felt so, so good to let it all out. He stuck three fingers in my mouth and said, "Suck." I did. Once I was (finally) finished peeing, Kiri said up and I went back to his lap.

"Good boy," He said, patting my head. "Now I need to change you."

I got up and I sat on the bed, waiting. He went to my bathroom where he found, much to his liking, baby-ass powder and wet-wipes. He grabbed an extra diaper and told me to lay down. I did.

He removed my soaked pants and threw them across the floor. Next he opened my diaper, and peered at my lower with much interest. He waddled up the diaper and threw it away, and grabbed a wet wipe. He wiped my d and ass, and then he grabbed my d.

He rubbed powder on it and then flipped me over to rub it on my butt. Then he got the diaper (which was the cutest one, by the way, it had elephants on it) and put it on me. He taped the sides and smiled at me.

"Done."

"W-was I good, Daddy?"

"Oh, yes, you were." He smiled and kissed me.

