Freinds for life

Author: Babedut123

*000*2019-06-07 23:02

Zoey and her best freind lily were on the way to the beach. Both of them where in their early twenties and blondes, in fact many mistook them from being sisters since they looked so much alike especially in their matching blue bikinis.

As they walked zoey started to fell an urge to go to the bathroom; but was confident she could wait till they arrived to the beach.

On the other hand lily was bursting and felt she was about to explode.

Zoey quickly noticed, and tried to calm down her desperate freind "don't worry, we will be there soon. I need to pee to, I promise we'll find a bathroom fast" she said.

" I hope so" lily responded. She had both hands firmly planted on her pussy, holding in all of the lemonade she had earlier.

10 minutes of unbearable holding later.

As they got to the beach lily sprintet towards the ocean and with no hesitation at all muttered "aaaah, finally"

"did you just pee in the water" Zoey asked.

"Sure I'll always pee in the ocean when I'm at the beach" lily responded and added " you've never done that? You said you had to pee to, why not try it out?"

"I'll pass" Zoey said in disbelief her freind shamelessly did something Zoey hadn't even considered doing since she was a child. "Can you please help me find a toilet?" Zoey begged as her desperation grew bigger.

"I'm sitting in one" lily said from the ocean with a smirk on her face.

Zoey mumbled something to herself and waddle along the coastline to look for a toilet.

Lily following trying to persuade her freind into going in the ocean just like herself.

"Just don't focus on the sound of waves" Lilly said. "And don't think anou...."

Zoey interrupted "oh noooo"

Pee was soaking her bikini and the sand beneath.

"QUICK, run to the water, no one will as you there." Lily suggested, but it was to late, her best freind was having an accident, and there was no way to stop it.

To be continued

