Mindy and the Desperate Stranger

Author: BurstingPee

*000*2025-06-07 19:18

Mindy knew she didn’t have long now. Her bladder was throbbing violently, it had reached its limit 45 minutes ago and all she could do at this point was keep her hands jammed into her crotch, rocking slightly back and forth to try and ease the pressure.

She had to pee when she got off work, but figured she would be fine for the 20 minute train ride to the bus terminal. If it got really uncomfortable she could take a pee as the terminal before catching her connecting bus home. And it became suddenly unbearable on the train - they had bathrooms, although they were gross and she tried to avoid using them if possible. She did not want to miss the train so she didn’t pee before leaving work.

She regretted that instantly when the train slammed to a sudden stop only 5 minutes in. Seems it had hit something in the oncoming tracks, and they needed to wait on the train while the mess was cleaned up and an initial investigation was conducted. She didn’t have to pee terribly at this point, and she wasn’t too worried, because there were bathrooms on board. She continued to read her book and mindlessly finished the tea in her to-go mug. When the tea was done, she opened a water bottle and began to sip that as well. It was getting pretty hot and humid, the train was underground and there was little to no airflow.

After about 20 minutes, her bladder twinged and she knew she would have to empty it soon. She put her hand over her lower belly and winced… she had to pee worse than she realized. She crossed her legs and bounced a bit to try and find a comfortable position for her expanding bladder and continued to read - and sip her water.

This only lasted a few moments before her bladder contracted and suddenly began to throb. Out of nowhere she quickly realized that she was desperate to pee and she couldn’t hold it much longer. She grazed her hand over top of her lower belly again and felt that she was firm and swollen, just above her pubic bone to right underneath her belly button. She stood up to make her way to the bathrooms, and found that it was painful to stand up straight. She shuffled, slightly hunched over, to the bathrooms on the train. Next to the bathroom door, a young man, likely in his mid-20s, stood. He was completely hunched over, beads of sweat falling off his forehead, his face scrunched up in determination. “You’re waiting for the bathroom?” She asked.

The young man looked up at her and said “they are locked, broken… and I’m about to piss myself” she could see the desperation in his eyes. At least she didn’t have to go that badly, Mindy thought. “Oh no, I need to go too. I hope the train gets moving again soon” and the desperate man just nodded and said “yupp” through gritted teeth as he shoved his fists into his crotch.

Mindy’s bladder throbbed violently, twice. She had to sit down. She found the closest seat and tried to sit down, but found that she couldn’t get comfortable. Her bladder throbbed again and she knew it was filled beyond capacity. She carefully undid the top button of her skirt, letting her swollen bladder expand out, just a bit - but that didn’t help. She put a sweater over top to keep it private that she had to pee so badly she undid her skirt button.

She perched on the edge of the plastic train seat, and arched her lower back a bit - maybe this would give her bladder a little bit more room to expand, she thought, as she should feel the tea and water she had stupidly drank trying to fill her bladder up even more. She looked up at the young man standing by the bathrooms and saw he was attempting to shuffle over to a seat right next to her. He finally got close and said “Can I sit here? Maybe it will help?” He slowly tried to lower himself onto the seat and clamped his legs shut around his cock to try and keep the piss in. He sat up straight on the seat, legs clamped together, moaning quietly under his breath each time his bladder contracted and pulsated. Mindy, at this point, did not really want anyone near as she was reaching that level of desperation when it started to become embarrassing. But she figured this man was already there so they can sit in desperation together.

Suddenly, a wave of desperation hit her and she had no choice but to jam both hands into her crotch. She kneaded her fingers into her peehole trying to stop herself from leaking. She was more desperate than she could ever remember.

It must have been quite a sight, two strangers next to another, sitting awkwardly to try to ease the pain of their overfilled bladders, hands stuffed into their crotches, train still not moving. The two desperate strangers sat like this for about 15 minutes, not speaking, both of them fighting a painful battle with their own extremely full bladders. Mindy looked over at him and thought “I have to go just as bad as he does now. This is not going to end well”. This is when a small drop of pee escaped from her peehole. “Shit!” She muttered under her breath. The man next to her looked over and said “I know, I know… just hold on, we can both do it”. Mindy looked up, desperation in her eyes and said “I just leaked…. I don’t have much time”. And the man whispered to her “I leaked a few times too”.

Another 10 minutes, sitting side by side with the desperate man, when suddenly the violent throbbing of her bladder became constant. It was wave after wave after wave. With each throb a few drops came out. She looked over and saw that he had a wet patch on his jeans, under his hands that were clutching at his penis. He was rhythmically squeezing himself to stop himself from pissing. And finally -finally- the train started moving. There was an announcement that it would stop at the nearest station, and they apologized for the inconvenience. The act of the train lurching forwards cause both desperate strangers to let go of a small leak - his jeans had a growing patch of wetness and Mindy’s skirt was showing a wet patch as well. “A few more minutes” he muttered and looked at Mindy. “We can do this”. Mindy could hardly talk she just nodded, doing everything possible to hold on.

Just a few minutes later, the train stopped, caused both of them to lose another leak. This one was really hard for Mindy to stop, all she wanted to do was let it go right now. He had his peehole clamped shut with two fingers, but the wet patch glistened with another wave of fresh pee that escaped from his swollen bladder. He gingerly stood up and crossed his legs, doing a little bob to try to hold it until he was at least off the train. He knew that he would be running behind the building and whip up his cock and gush piss - he just had to get off the train. Mindy tried to get up and couldn’t even straight her back at all - she was completely hunched over, taking short, small steps to the door. She knew she’d never be able to hold it until she reached the toilet inside the station and was going to resort to squatting behind the building.

He got there first. He pulled his penis out as he was rounding the corner to the back of the building and it immediately began to spray piss out of his overfilled bladder. It was spurting and spraying until finally it became a thick, steady, gush of pee.

Mindy was hobbling over to the same spot when she heard it - the waterfall of pee this man was releasing. The sound of another desperate person peeing was enough to make her completely loose control. Pee started to snake doing her legs as she rushed to the back of the building and finally squatted down, not even bothering to take her panties off, pee gushing and gushing out of her. It wasn’t even until a minute later that they both noticed each other was there. He saw her first and his eyes widened as he took in amount of pee that she had produced… still steadily rushing out of her, a giant puddle on the ground.

“Looks like we both made it” he said, sighing with relief as another round of pee bursted out of him, another long stream. “I’ve never had to pee so badly in my life!” Mindy responded, as she finished off with a long trickle of pee. She stood up, pulled her panties off and winced as she did up her skirt button - she was still pretty sore (and would be for a few days) from how much her bladder had stretched. “You know, if I didn’t have to go so badly myself, that would have been such a turn on” the young man told her, with a wink, as he shook the last few drops of piss off his cock, tucked himself back into his damp jeans, and walked away.

