Bathroom Break: A Teen Titans FanFiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2019-01-12 22:21

Starfire woke up from her bed at 8:00 she got out of bed and noticed she had a accident again. She said “Oh my I have done the pee again.” Starfire was naked, anyway she walked to the Teen Titans bathroom. Starfire look out if anyone was here she didn’t want to know what she looks like naked except Robin she was madly in love with him. On arriving she felt that she needed a pee so she quickly opened the door and race in, lock it and plonk her sexy ass on the toilet and release. Within seconds she started peeing it was so warm and felt like she was holding it in when sleeping because a lot came out. Then when she stopped peeing, she went and did her normal general things like every human or alien being would do. Meanwhile while doing this Beast Boy was outside and desperately needed to pee, he knocked on the door and said “Raven hurry up I need to go!” Starfire heard him and said “Beast Boy it’s Starfire I will hurry up for you, I umm just brushing my teeth I will hurry up.”

Star tried to hurry up for Beast Boy as she did not want to clean up after him. Star fire was done she opened the door and Beast Boy saw her naked, he starred at her body. He went in and before he locked the door he said “No wonder Robin thinks your hot.” The door closed and Star screamed like a fan girl that Robin has a crush on her. She walked to Raven’s bedroom to tell her the news she walked in Raven was reading her spell book naked as Star closed the door she put the book down notice Star is naked and she said to her “Beast Boy told me that R...” “Stop hold on azarath metrion zinthos!” It created a Portal where Raven went in a squatting position and started pooing in it, she stopped closed the portal and said” carry on.” Star carried on “Robin has a crush on me.” Raven was speechless she did know that Beast Boy had the hots for her but never knew if he still did. All she said was “Wow Star that’s good you always loved him and it looks like he does too.

Starfire left thanking Raven as she went back to her room but she was also considering flirting with Robin while naked which is more sexier. She thought no “I can do this later maybe breakfast, yes maybe I could do thing humans call flashing. Star went back in her room and looked at her phone that was charging next to her bedside she looked up the word flashing she looked a at pictures and saw women showing parts of clothing that’s been covered like panties. Star knew what to do she placed on her dressing gown and wear it with no panties on like she did always, which means she was completely naked underneath and could flash her pussy out at Robin and make him love her more than he does. Star hoped her plan would work but now she felt like she needed the toilet again.

To Be Continued...

*002*2019-01-13 12:19

{{11 hours ago, bibibibi said:

Could you make starfire use a urinal out of ignorance of human customs?

}}

Hi bibibibi I accidentally posted the same story twice as the original I have done your request

