One Need a Day: Surviving the New Regime

Author: schildpad

*000*2024-11-16 23:31

Every four years, the elections bring an air of excitement and tension. However, this year’s elections are unlike any the country has ever experienced before. The nation feels as though it is teetering on the edge of a precipice. The previous elections had already ushered in drastic changes to daily life, with strict regulations being implemented on matters such as fast food consumption and alcohol use. Until a few years ago, people here lived freely, but little by little, every individual came under closer scrutiny.

It all started with monitoring financial transactions, tracking every payment you made. Soon, the scope expanded to include physical activity, sleep patterns, and other aspects of daily life. On the surface, the intentions seem noble; the government is striving to make this the healthiest country in the world by 2040. However, the methods they’ve employed to achieve this goal have sparked significant debate. For instance, a few years ago, the government mandated that every citizen wear a bracelet, custom-fitted at the town hall and impossible to remove. While the bracelet itself isn’t bothersome to wear, the idea of being part of a massive data-collection effort every waking moment doesn’t sit well with many people. The bracelet tracks absolutely everything.

This system allowed the government to successfully reduce alcohol consumption by increasing health insurance premiums with each glass consumed. Similarly, fast food is now limited to once per month; exceed that, and your insurance rates skyrocket. On the other hand, engaging in physical exercise earns you a discount.

At its core, it’s not a bad system. Yet, the nation has reached a critical juncture. Two political parties are now standing in stark opposition to one another. On one side is the ZKB, a party advocating for more personal freedom and a relaxation of the strict measures. On the other side stands the KSNP, a party that claims to support more freedom for citizens but employs an aggressively hardline approach. The problem? The KSNP is on the brink of victory. With their populist rhetoric, they have amassed a following so vast that their victory seems almost inevitable.

And what will happen if they win? According to the KSNP, people have become slaves to dopamine. While it may initially seem like they are stripping away freedoms, their ultimate goal is to liberate individuals in the long term—freeing them from the chains of their desires and primal urges and allowing them to take control of their own lives.

Food Life currently revolves around food. Social interactions are almost always accompanied by eating. The KSNP views food as a functional necessity. If individuals focus on consuming the essential nutrients once or twice a day, they will no longer be constantly tempted. Food advertisements will also be banned entirely.

Sleep Excessive time spent in bed fosters laziness, according to the KSNP. Scientific studies suggest that 7.5 hours of sleep per night is sufficient for most people. Therefore, it will be forbidden to remain in bed for longer than this duration at one time.

Technology Social media should be social again, the KSNP argues. It should no longer be a platform where people endlessly gawk at the lives of those who appear to be doing better or where it resembles what the party describes as a glorified pornography site. While adult content won’t be banned outright—because its absence might lead to more harmful behaviors—it will be restricted. Designated sites will be allowed, but usage will be limited to 30 minutes per day. Beyond that, access will be prohibited.

Water Science has proven that water contributes significantly to vitality. As such, a daily intake of two liters will be mandatory. This not only ensures a healthier lifestyle but also reduces cravings for sugary drinks and unhealthy snacks.

Sex One of the clearest indicators of dopamine dependency, according to the KSNP, is how people approach sex. While sex has numerous benefits and will be actively encouraged, the party aims to discourage excessive masturbation. Frequent masturbation, they argue, diminishes performance during actual sexual encounters. To address this, the KSNP proposes a direct link between this issue and the next point on their agenda.

The implications of these proposals are profound, and while some see them as steps toward a healthier society, others view them as a descent into dystopia. The nation stands at a crossroads, and the results of the elections will determine whether freedom or control shapes the future.

And this brings us to the point where Olivia, a 21-year-old student, draws her line in the sand. She is adamant that the government has no business interfering in her sex life. For the past two years, Olivia has been discreetly building a collection of sex toys in her nightstand. That private moment she enjoys every evening before going to bed is sacred to her, and the notion of government intrusion into such personal territory fills her with indignation.

According to the KSNP, people waste valuable time by succumbing to their primal needs. This is time that, they argue, could be better spent on more productive pursuits. To address this "problem," the party has reached a radical conclusion: from now on, every citizen will be allowed to relieve themselves once a day. How you choose to spend that opportunity is entirely up to you. Will you urinate? Or perhaps indulge in an orgasm? But you can only pick one. This rule, they believe, will force people to make thoughtful decisions and regain control over their basic desires. Exceptions are made only for individuals with documented medical conditions.

Olivia is outraged by this policy. She is a young woman in the prime of her life, and she is unapologetic about enjoying it. At 1.62 meters tall, with blonde hair and a magnetic personality, Olivia often hears from others that she’s an incredible flirt. She’s well aware of this, and she enjoys it. For her, this is the time to embrace her youth, her beauty, and her desires. But the new rules threaten to strip her of all that pleasure.

And then there’s the once-a-day bathroom limit. “What kind of nonsense is that?” Olivia exclaims. Some people go as many as seven times a day! To her, this new policy borders on inhuman. Admittedly, Olivia has always been known for her strong bladder—she despises public restrooms and avoids using toilets at school or on trains whenever possible. But even she finds the idea of limiting herself to once a day absurd. Morning, after work, and before bed—those are her usual visits, and she knows it will be a challenge to cut back to just one. And what about her beloved nightly "me-time"? Olivia treasures her moments of self-love. Masturbation is her evening ritual, and her weekends in the city, often ending with a charming man in tow, are non-negotiable. But, as she mutters under her breath, “I guess I’ll worry about that later.”

The KSNP reassures the public that the first few weeks will be tough, but after that, everyone will adapt and ultimately thank them. They argue that once freed from the tyranny of bodily impulses, people will gain a stronger mind and a more disciplined spirit—a triumphant intellect ruling over a previously weak body.

Of course, the KSNP won the elections. How could it have been otherwise? On January 20, they officially took control, enacting their vision into law. What followed was a period of uncertainty. Although the new rules were technically in effect, the government’s IT systems weren’t fully functional, and the bracelets weren’t properly calibrated. This glitch gave the population a grace period to adjust before any real punishments could be enforced.

Speaking of punishments, leniency is not part of the KSNP’s philosophy. They do not believe in warnings. The penalties are severe and immediate: a single infraction earns you three weeks in a labor camp. A second offense results in two months. A third violation? A full year in solitary confinement. People began to whisper that the country was spiraling into madness.

The initial weeks were nothing short of a nightmare. Trying to hold your bladder for 24 hours is a Herculean task for anyone. Yet, the promise of freedom from the body’s whims kept many determined to persevere. Strategies began to form. When was the best time to go? Morning, because the urge is strongest then? But what about the evening, when you’d risk lying awake with a full bladder? Or perhaps before bed, though that meant enduring a long day at work with an increasingly desperate need to go. Everyone wrestled with their own private battles.

Olivia, for her part, remained defiant. She continued to flirt, to laugh, and to resist in her own way. But deep down, like so many others, she wondered how long she could endure this new reality—and what would remain of her vibrant spirit in the face of such relentless control.

Olivia despised the new government with every fiber of her being. She had, on more than one occasion, contemplated leaving the country entirely—emigrating or perhaps embarking on a long journey to escape the suffocating restrictions. But her life was here: her family, her friends, and her job as a promotional worker. Despite her frustrations, she stayed. For the first few weeks after the elections, Olivia refused to participate in protest. She ignored the guidelines entirely, knowing that the deadline was looming. By May 1, everything would be monitored via her bracelet, and there would be no way around compliance. Until then, she resisted fully. The only rule she followed without issue was hydration—she exercised regularly and naturally drank at least two liters of water daily. But she would soon discover that a little preparation might have made things easier.

April 30: The Last Night of Freedom

The pivotal moment arrived, a date that would remain etched in her memory. On April 30 at precisely 11:30 p.m., Olivia went to the bathroom. The relief was familiar and satisfying. Moments later, she retrieved her vibrator from her nightstand, indulging in her nightly ritual. A wave of pleasure swept over her as she climaxed, knowing full well that this was the last time she could do both in a single day. This was the end of the life she once knew.

As she woke on May 1, the familiar morning pressure in her bladder greeted her. It was there—not unbearable, but noticeable enough to make her think about heading to the bathroom. In the shower, the reality of the new rules dawned on her: every day, she would now have to make a choice. Pee or an orgasm. The simplicity of the options was deceptive; Olivia had no idea how this would play out in practice.

The First Day

Olivia’s workday began in the city, where she was assigned to hand out flyers for a new shampoo brand. The day was crisp, so she bundled up in warm layers. As her morning progressed, she consumed four cups of coffee, a can of energy drink, and a liter of water. By midday, the dull awareness of her unrelieved bladder had grown into something more noticeable, though not yet urgent.

It wasn’t until 3 p.m. that the situation became unavoidable. Fortunately, it coincided with her break. Olivia headed straight for the restroom. With immense relief, she emptied her bladder. The bracelet on her wrist beeped softly, signaling that her bathroom use had been logged. She felt a mix of satisfaction and resignation—she had chosen her one allowance for the day.

The remainder of the day passed without incident. She continued to work and hydrated with another liter of water. By evening, the pressure in her bladder had returned, but she knew there was no relief to be had until the next day. The discomfort was manageable, but it lingered, growing ever so slightly as the hours ticked by.

At 11:25 p.m., Olivia stood at her bathroom sink brushing her teeth. Her eyes lingered on the toilet, a longing gaze filled with regret. She knew it was off-limits now. With a resigned sigh, she stripped down to her underwear and climbed into bed.

It was muscle memory—or perhaps just a deeply ingrained habit—but as she lay under the covers, a familiar sense of arousal crept in. She had ended every night this way for years. To stop cold turkey was unthinkable. She decided to compromise. An orgasm was out of the question, so she reached for a gentler form of pleasure. Her vibrator stayed in the drawer as she allowed her fingers to trace soft, lazy circles around her clitoris.

The sensation was electric, heightened by the forbidden nature of her actions. Knowing she wasn’t allowed to climax made the act feel illicit and thrilling. The pressure in her bladder only intensified the feeling, as if her body’s various urges were conspiring to create an overwhelming sense of desire.

Olivia let out soft, quiet moans as she teased herself, circling closer to the edge of release. When the tension became too much, she stopped, her breathing heavy. She waited for the sensation to subside before starting again. Each time, she allowed herself to get closer, each pause filled with a mixture of frustration and satisfaction. She was playing a dangerous game with her body and her willpower, testing the limits of her new reality.

This was her life now—a delicate balance between the rules imposed upon her and the private rebellion she refused to abandon. And as Olivia edged closer and closer to a climax she would never reach, she wondered how long she could keep living like this.

The cycle repeated three more times. Olivia edged herself closer to release, stopping just in time, each moment amplifying the ache between her legs. The clock now read 11:57 PM.

She went through the routine two more times, each time pushing herself right to the precipice, balancing delicately on the edge of climax. Her breath was shallow, her body trembling. "I have to sleep," she thought. With an almost defiant resolve, she turned over, pulling the covers tightly around her.

00:00

Midnight struck. Her heart was racing, her thighs damp with arousal, and the only thought in her mind was the orgasm she had denied herself. Every nerve in her body seemed to scream for release. The temptation to grab her vibrator from the nightstand grew stronger, but she pushed the thought away, trying to regain control.

00:15

Sleep would not come. Her clitoris throbbed, her entire lower body pulsing with unsated need. She was soaking wet, her desire overpowering her rational mind. The urge was unbearable. Enough, she thought. She reached into her nightstand, pulled out the vibrator, and switched it on.

The sensation was immediate and intense. Within 15 seconds, an explosive orgasm ripped through her body. She muffled her screams into her pillow, her body convulsing as waves of pleasure washed over her. The added pressure of her full bladder amplified the experience, taking it to a dimension she hadn’t known before.

Her bracelet emitted its signature beep.

Sated at last, Olivia fell asleep, her body relaxed but unaware of the consequences she would face the next morning.

Olivia was jolted awake by her alarm. As she stirred, a wave of urgency swept over her. Panic gripped her as the realization set in—since 3 PM the previous day, she hadn’t gone to the bathroom. By the time she’d gone to bed, her bladder was already full, and now, with the added pressure of her morning routine, the need was unbearable. She jumped out of bed, determined to relieve herself immediately.

She stumbled to the bathroom, her hands fumbling to open the door. I’ll just go earlier today than yesterday. I’ll make it work, she reasoned, reassuring herself as she prepared to sit down.

And then it hit her. The memory of the choice she’d made at 00:15. The vibrator. The orgasm. The unmistakable beep of her bracelet.

Her heart sank.

"WHAT?" she gasped aloud, panic blooming in her chest. "OH NO. NO, NO, NO."

Her mind reeled with regret. How could she have done this? How was this her life now—and not just hers, but everyone’s? She leaned against the bathroom sink, trying to process the weight of her mistake. There was no undoing it. Her daily allowance had already been spent.

She glanced at the clock. She had to be at work by 11 AM, which gave her a few hours to burn. I’ll go for a run, she decided. Exercise was heavily incentivized under the new rules, and perhaps it would earn her goodwill in case she ever slipped up again. Pulling on her running shoes, she grabbed a large water bottle and headed out the door.

But by the time she reached the end of her street, she realized her mistake. With each step, her bladder jostled uncomfortably. The sloshing sensation of liquid inside her made every stride a challenge. Still, she pressed on. Exercise was important. Her bracelet displayed her hydration stats: 40% of her daily water intake already completed. At least I’m on track there, she thought, trying to focus on the positives.

By 9:30 AM, Olivia returned home, sweaty and exhausted. She hurried to change her clothes, her bladder now screaming for relief. But there was no solution—her allowance for the day was gone. She would have to endure until the next morning.

Richelle, one of Olivia’s close friends, was in the neighborhood and had arranged to stop by for coffee before heading to work. Olivia quickly freshened up, forcing a smile as she prepared to greet her. She could only hope that the company and conversation might distract her from the mounting discomfort.

As Richelle sat across from Olivia, sipping her coffee, the conversation inevitably turned to their drastically altered lives. Richelle, always more punctual and methodical than Olivia, had started adapting to the new rules back in January. By now, she had a rhythm: the eating schedule, the water intake, the exercise regimen—it all fell into place for her. Even the bathroom restrictions, though challenging at first, were something she had grown used to. She admitted she’d had a few mishaps during the adjustment period, but fortunately, those occurred before the rules became strictly enforceable.

“Honestly, this whole ‘punishable offense’ thing, we should just take it with a grain of salt,” Olivia suggested, her voice light, though there was an edge of nervousness in it.

“I wouldn’t do that,” Richelle said firmly, her expression darkening. “A friend of mine? Her boyfriend got picked up just last night—for three weeks. He thought he could get away with relieving his bladder just a little after midnight. He’d already had an orgasm, but figured that if it was just a few drops, it wouldn’t count. The second his bracelet registered the change, it beeped. And two beeps in one day means you’re done for. They came and took him. Those camps? They’re not a joke. They’ll force you to learn how to hold it in, and I hear their methods are brutal.”

Hearing this, Olivia felt the weight of the water she’d consumed that morning settle like a stone in her stomach. She had woken up already in desperate need of relief, and now, knowing she had no choice but to wait until tomorrow morning, the hours ahead stretched out like an impossible marathon. And she still needed to hit her hydration target for the day.

“This is insane! I’m not going to make it through this day—I just know it,” Olivia groaned, her voice rising in frustration.

“You have to stay far away from that,” Richelle warned her. “You don’t want to end up there.”

“But don’t you struggle too?” Olivia shot back, her desperation clear.

Richelle simply shrugged, her calm demeanor infuriating in contrast to Olivia’s panic. “It’s all about planning, really. And cutting back on your sex life. I haven’t orgasmed since January because I just can’t face a day where I can’t pee. Not yet, anyway. When it gets hard, I edge a little—it helps relieve some of the pressure, even in my bladder. But climaxing? I’m not ready to risk that. Sure, I’m sexually frustrated all the time, but someday, I’ll let myself go for it.”

Armed with Richelle’s advice but no less apprehensive, Olivia headed off to work. Her assignment for the day was to distribute flyers on a small promotional train. The irony wasn’t lost on her: the train had no restroom facilities. Not that it mattered—she wasn’t allowed to use one anyway.

Her shift began at 11 AM, and as a promotional worker, she was expected to smile constantly, no matter what. The strain began almost immediately. With every sip of water she took to meet her hydration goal, her bladder filled to a point that felt unbearable. By midday, it was fuller than it had ever been before. Every time she stood still, she instinctively crossed her legs, and when no one was looking, she pressed a discreet hand between her thighs to ease the pressure.

As the train bumped over a level crossing, the jostling motion sent shockwaves through her abdomen. Her bladder screamed for release, her body wracked with alarm signals she couldn’t ignore. Every minute crawled by, each one more agonizing than the last. By late afternoon, she was nearing the point of sheer impossibility—the infamous 24-hour mark without relief.

Her bladder felt like it might burst, the pressure so intense it consumed her every thought. Olivia knew she couldn’t last much longer, but she had no choice. The alternative—a stint in one of those brutal re-education camps—was unthinkable.

Her hands trembled as she gripped the flyers, her smile forced and tight. She repeated a mantra in her head, willing herself to hold on. Just a little longer. You can do this. Just a little longer.

As the train ride continued, Olivia couldn’t help but notice the strained expressions on the faces of her fellow passengers. Others were clearly grappling with the same relentless rules she was, though she was convinced her situation was far worse. The relentless pressure in her abdomen made every moment unbearable. Yet, somehow, she managed to make it through the day, handing out flyers and smiling through the torment.

That evening, after dinner, Olivia collapsed onto the couch, utterly drained. The hours seemed to crawl by at a glacial pace. She could feel every milliliter of water she had consumed that day pooling in her bladder, stretching it to its absolute limit. It felt as though a melon was growing inside her, the pressure so immense it was unlike anything she had ever experienced.

Even the simple act of standing to grab a snack or refill her glass of water became a delicate ordeal. Every movement had to be calculated, each step cautious, for fear that even a tiny leak might set off her bracelet. Her hydration level had climbed to a staggering 132%, and the fullness in her abdomen was unbearable.

Tomorrow, she was supposed to spend the day at an amusement park. Ideally, she would get to bed early to prepare, but sleep seemed impossible under these conditions. As she lay there, restless and uncomfortable, her phone buzzed with a message.

It was from Josh, a boy she had seen a few times before. Not the most handsome guy, but undeniably kind. The catch? He had voted for the KSNP.

“Bored too? I’m in the area,” the message read.

Olivia hesitated for a moment but realized she needed the distraction. “Sure, I could use some company,” she replied.

Before long, Josh was sitting next to her on the couch, a movie playing on the screen. He absentmindedly ran his fingers through her hair while she stroked his leg, both of them paying little attention to the film.

“Can you hand me the chips?” Olivia asked, her voice strained. “I can barely move with this bladder. I feel like I’m about to burst, and I don’t dare shift too much—I’m terrified I’ll leak.”

Josh smirked but tried to hide it. His political allegiance wasn’t just about policy; it was personal. He prided himself on having a bladder of steel and secretly found the sight of desperate girls fascinating. Seeing Olivia in this state—reclined on the couch, visibly struggling, her full bladder making every move a challenge—was nothing short of a dream come true for him.

Olivia, meanwhile, was barely holding on. More than a day’s worth of unrelieved urine churned inside her. Every second was a battle against her body’s primal urge to release. She clung to the clock like a lifeline, counting down the minutes. Two hours. She just had to survive two more hours, and then, at 00:01, she would be free to sprint to the bathroom.

As they snuggled closer, kissing softly, the movie became little more than background noise. Josh’s hand slid under Olivia’s shirt, trailing upward toward her chest. On his way, however, his arm brushed against her swollen belly—a subtle, deliberate move that sent a sharp jolt through her body.

The pressure was unbearable.

“Ahhh!” Olivia screamed, doubling over instinctively. Her hands shot to her abdomen, cradling the taut, bloated mass that felt ready to explode at any moment.

Josh feigned concern but was secretly thrilled by the reaction. “Sorry,” he said softly, his hand hovering close to her stomach. “I didn’t mean to—”

“Don’t touch me there!” Olivia snapped, her voice panicked and sharp. Her breathing was shallow, her face flushed. “I can’t… I can’t take this anymore.”

For a brief moment, the room was silent except for the sound of her labored breaths. Her eyes darted to the clock. Still two hours to go. Two hours that felt like an eternity.

Olivia's frustration and desperation had reached a fever pitch, both physically and emotionally. Her body was a battlefield of conflicting sensations: the unbearable fullness of her bladder, the tantalizing pleasure from Josh’s careful touch, and the ticking clock that promised imminent relief.

“LISTEN TO ME,” Olivia hissed, her voice shaky yet firm. “I absolutely refuse to end up in one of those camps.”

Josh’s hands, however, were a welcome distraction, as long as they stayed far from her swollen abdomen. When his fingers reached her breasts, she let out a small gasp. The dampness in her underwear wasn’t from her bladder—her bracelet would have beeped if it had been. Instead, the overwhelming sensation in her pelvis transformed into a throbbing ache of arousal. Her clitoris tingled with a ferocity she hadn’t felt in ages.

“Oh my god,” she moaned. “Now I have two needs that I’m desperate to satisfy.”

With only thirty minutes left until midnight, Josh leaned in, his voice calm and steady. “Trust me. I’m the king of edging. I know exactly when to stop. You’ll be fine. And remember, they say clitoral stimulation can ease the pressure from a full bladder.”

Olivia hesitated but nodded. Josh slipped a hand into her waistband, and for a fleeting moment, the unbearable focus on her bladder shifted to the sensation of his touch. He wasn’t lying—he was an expert. Every time she neared the brink of an orgasm, he pulled back just in time, leaving her gasping and trembling.

The dampness in Olivia’s underwear grew, not from leaking but from the intense, repeated build-up of her arousal. She sat soaked on the couch, her entire body on edge. Every time Josh paused or accidentally applied pressure to her abdomen, it felt like an alarm going off inside her. The three-plus liters of water she had consumed were now a ticking time bomb in her body, and every nerve screamed for relief. This was pure, unfiltered terror.

And yet, when Josh kissed her, when his fingers traced perfect circles around her clitoris—gentle but deliberate—it was as though that agony dissolved for a moment. He had a precision that both thrilled and tortured her. Every stroke built her up, only to leave her gasping with need when he stopped.

Time Slows to a Crawl.

Olivia glanced at the clock, her breathing shallow and ragged. Just minutes to go until midnight. She was painfully aroused, practically dripping from the repeated near-orgasms, and yet the bowling ball sensation in her belly refused to abate. She was so close to relief—so close to being able to pee and finally ease the unbearable pressure in her bladder.

Josh’s lips grazed hers again as his hand returned to her underwear. “Let’s make these last few minutes count,” he whispered.

He knew what he was doing. Every touch brought her closer to climax, and every pause left her teetering on the brink, helplessly squirming. Olivia was caught in a storm of conflicting sensations—one need feeding into the other until she couldn’t separate the two. Her bladder cramped violently, her muscles trembling from the strain of holding it all in.

“Just one more minute,” she whimpered, tears welling in her eyes from the sheer intensity of it all. “I don’t even know if I can make it to the bathroom.”

Josh didn’t stop, his fingers moving expertly, keeping her aroused but never letting her tip over the edge. The fullness in her bladder and the heat between her legs felt inseparably tangled now, the sensations merging into one overwhelming experience.

The clock ticked forward. 11:59 PM. Her heart pounded as the seconds dragged on, the pressure and arousal mounting unbearably. Josh pressed just a little harder—his timing was perfect, wasn’t it? She trusted him to know when to stop.

The muscles in Olivia’s abdomen spasmed uncontrollably. Whether it was the weight of her bladder or the build-up from Josh’s touch, she couldn’t tell. She was seconds away from the midnight mark, seconds away from being able to stand up and sprint to the bathroom.

Her legs tensed, her whole body trembling. She was so close to breaking, to losing all control. Josh’s fingers circled her clitoris again, sending her spiraling toward a climax. Her chest rose and fell in gasping breaths. Her mind screamed, Stop now! Stop now!

And yet, he didn’t stop.

The clock struck 12:00.

"Josh, what are you doing?! Josh!!"

And then, precisely at 00:00, Olivia lets out a loud moan as the most intense orgasm of her life washes over her. She had never experienced such a long and torturous build-up. Her hands instinctively shoot between her legs, desperately trying to prevent even a single drop of urine from escaping. And somehow, she succeeds.

But meanwhile, her body trembles and shakes from the overwhelming pleasure of the orgasm. She feels an odd mixture of pure enjoyment and raw anger.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!" Olivia exclaims, her voice filled with frustration.

"You wanted relief, didn't you?" Josh replies with a sly grin.

Beep.

Her bracelet signals that her daily need has now been fulfilled. She won’t be able to use the bathroom again for another 24 hours. Tears well up in her eyes, and she begins to sob.

*016*2025-03-12 21:11

Great ideas! Do we think she’ll be able to hold it all in, or are we curious to see what happens if she ends up in a punishment camp?

*018*2025-03-17 18:04

{{On 3/13/2025 at 5:37 AM, Clovuurr said:

Both😀 just another day of torture just to have the same thing happen to her and just break the day after

}}

I’m almost done with two big new parts of this story. It’s about to get intense! Stay tuned 🙂

*021*2025-05-06 06:33

Summary:

In a society where you’re allowed just one release per day — to pee or to orgasm — 21-year-old Olivia is doing her best to adapt. On day one, she pees around 3 PM and resists all urges that night. But after midnight, the craving overwhelms her and she masturbates, locking in her choice for the day. The following 24 hours are brutal. Her bladder stretched to its limit. By midnight, after 33 hours without relief, she’s moments away from finally peeing. Her date, Josh, edges her carefully throughout the evening — not to push her over, but because the stimulation helps ease the pressure on her overfilled bladder. But then, just seconds after the clock strikes 00:00, she climaxes. Too late. No pee. Another 24 hours begin — and one mistake away from a punishment camp.

###

Olivia is in a trance. Still trembling from one of the most intense orgasms she’s had in ages, she’s stumbled hopelessly into bed. Josh wanted sex, but she sent him home—firmly.

“I don’t think this is going to work, Josh,” she told him. “My bladder is holding 33 hours of piss.”

She tries to sleep, but there’s no position that offers relief. The pressure in her lower abdomen is so overwhelming her heart’s racing far too fast to drift off. She puts on a podcast, opens a YouTube video, but the pressure makes it impossible to focus. Sitting up, she presses her hand between her legs, trying to soothe the ache—but nothing works. The pressure is unbearable, and she knows, with dead certainty, that there’s no way she’ll survive another 23.5 hours. It’s simply impossible.

Two more hours pass like this. It’s now 2:30 AM. She has work in the morning. Time is ticking.

Out of sheer desperation, Olivia starts wandering around her apartment. Sleep clearly isn’t coming, and if it does, she’ll probably wet the bed—which, according to the rules, would send her straight to a correctional camp for three weeks.

She rolls cautiously to the edge of the bed and pushes herself upright. Her heart is pounding. She places her feet on the floor and stands slowly. The second she’s fully upright, a sharp cramp tears through her belly, and she feels a drop escape.

“OW—NO, no no!” she cries out, jamming her hands between her legs again.

Still, nothing happens on her wristband. A single drop isn’t enough to trigger it, apparently—not if there’s enough time in between. It’s risky, but it’s happened three times now without consequences. That’s when it hits her: maybe this is a loophole.

With painful determination, Olivia shuffles toward the bathroom, barely lifting her feet to avoid jostling her bladder. Every step is an ordeal.

She reaches the bathroom door and throws it open. Just seeing the toilet makes the desperation worse. After 35.5 hours, her bladder is ready to explode. With the last bit of strength she has left, she clamps down, trying to hold back the flood. Slowly, carefully, she lowers her pants and sits on the toilet.

This is either the worst or best idea she’s ever had—possibly both. Her plan is to release just a drop every few minutes, to ease the pressure without triggering the sensor. The question is: how the hell do you release just one drop when it feels like a dam is about to break?

She can’t relax her sphincter even slightly—if she does, everything will come pouring out. So she clenches every muscle she has, then gently taps on her bladder. Once, then twice a little harder. On the third try, a single drop falls into the bowl.

But after just one drop, holding it becomes so much harder. It’s like her body tasted freedom for a second and now demands more. These next few minutes might be the hardest of her life. She sits there, on the verge of explosion, but manages to hold it for five excruciating minutes.

Then she tries again. A soft press on her abdomen, and this time even the tiniest touch is enough. Another drop falls. Holding it in after the second drop is even worse than before. Her wristband is still silent.

This time she only lasts two minutes. She doesn’t even press—her body just lets go, and another drop leaks out on its own. She instantly throws her hands between her legs again, panicking. The moment she loosens her grip, another drop falls. She’s leaking, and she can’t stop it.

Still no alert from the band—but the drops are coming faster now. Thirty seconds later, another one. She’s using every ounce of strength to hold it back. How is she supposed to do this for a whole day? She would do anything to avoid that camp.

Another drop.

Her mind is spinning. What now? This can’t go on.

From the toilet, she can reach the little cabinet above the sink. She pulls it open and rummages through—nail scissors, cream, gauze, and medical tape. She grabs the tape and starts searching for the edge.

Another drop. Olivia’s soaked in sweat. All she’d have to do is unclench just a little—and it would all come out. It’s that simple. That close. But the rules say no.

She peels the tape and starts covering her vulva with it. Not just one strip—maybe twenty. She’s trying to physically seal off her urethra, desperate to stop the leaks. It’s humiliating, but it might be her only option.

Taped up and clenched tight, she tries to stand. It’s not working. The pain is overwhelming. The balloon inside her feels like it weighs 25 kilos. She pushes herself up with help from the edge of the tub. A piece of tape comes loose. It won’t stick to wet skin.

She doesn’t feel it at first, but some drops have gathered inside the taped area. They leak out. She crosses her legs tightly and pushes her hands over the tape. It’s too late. The drops are coming, one every two seconds. And then—

BEEP.

Silence. Olivia stares at her wrist, horrified. The device just registered that she peed—on the same day she already came. The bracelet starts glowing red.

This is the worst news she’s had in a long time. She bursts into tears.

A surge of urine shoots through her hands. And another. Her hydration level drops from 174% to 164%. She wants it to feel like relief, but it doesn’t. She’s still so full. Even as she fights to stop the rest, it’s streaming down her legs.

The bracelet keeps flashing red as the hydration count drops: 155… 149… 140… 135%. It won’t stop. At 88%, she finally manages to cut it off. Her bladder is still almost full, but she’s regained some control. She can’t finish. Maybe she’ll get a reduced sentence if she didn’t fully empty it.

She crawls into bed, utterly exhausted. And finally—she falls asleep.

*022*2025-05-06 07:48

The doorbell rings. Repeatedly. Olivia has barely been asleep for four hours when she’s jolted awake. She throws on her robe and walks to the front door. Walking goes a bit easier than it did last night, but her strained sphincter muscle means she has to take the stairs carefully. It’s the police.

“Good morning. This isn’t our favorite task either, but we’re here on behalf of the government to take you in for a minimum of three weeks of labor at a camp. Unfortunately, you didn’t follow the rules,” the man says. “Grab what you need and be ready to leave with us in five minutes. We’ll inform your emergency contacts.”

“Sorry, what? Why does this have to happen so fast?” Olivia asks.

“Rules are rules, miss. I don’t make them. We’d appreciate your cooperation,” the officer replies.

“I swear, it was unavoidable. I really tried my best. Look—” she says, holding out her wristband. “104% hydration. That just means I have a full bladder!”

“We don’t make the rules, we just enforce them. Most people manage to comply. You’re a young woman—there’s no reason you couldn’t have as well. Pack your things.”

In a daze, Olivia gathers her stuff. What the hell is happening to this country? Once downstairs, she quickly downs a glass of water and eats a banana. She walks into the hallway, hands her bag to the officer, gets in the car, and rides off. She has no idea where they’re taking her or what she’s supposed to do there.

The drive is long. Almost no one speaks.

Olivia cries. For more than one reason. She doesn’t want to go to a penal camp, but she’s also frustrated that holding her bladder didn’t earn her any points. She could’ve just emptied it completely. After everything that happened last night, her bladder is somewhat used to this, so as long as she stays still, she can manage.

After about an hour, the car stops and Olivia is taken to an office. A kind woman, clearly not in favor of this system either, receives her. Olivia is questioned, a few forms are filled out, and she’s asked to wait in a small holding cell. There’s nothing more than a bench, a toilet she’s not allowed to use, and a bottle of water. Clearly, this isn’t the final destination.

Against her better judgment, she takes a sip from the bottle. Maybe if she cooperates as much as possible, it won’t be that bad.

Through the little window in the door, an officer asks if she’s ready to leave in fifteen minutes.

“As you can see, I’m not exactly busy. So sure,” she replies dryly.

Fifteen minutes later, she’s taken out of the cell and led to a black van. As she gets up, she can feel her bladder slowly becoming an issue again.

Until now, the officers have been fairly kind, but something shifts. She’s roughly placed in the van—one that looks like it’s meant for high-risk criminals. It feels like a scene from a terrible movie.

She’s seated on a specially designed bench, surrounded by steel bars. In front of her is a small tray with a salad, some crackers, and three bottles of water. A camera is fixed on her, and the van seems equipped with various sensors. It’s completely over the top. She can’t speak to the people in the front; a thick pane of glass separates her from them. It’s cold in the van. The air conditioning is blasting, uncomfortably so. She estimates it’s around 17°C.

Olivia figures it’s probably smart to just cooperate with whatever it is they expect from her. The problem is, she can’t really figure out what that is. She drinks the water and eats the salad—at least that way she’s not being rude. Other than that, her focus is on the same thing it’s been for days now: making sure she doesn’t wet herself.

After what feels like an hour and a half, Olivia starts to seriously worry again. Back home, she had a glass of water. At the station, a full bottle. And now, she’s already finished two of the three bottles in the van. Her hydration level: 149%. She’s nearly back to where she was last night.

Time keeps dragging. Minutes blur into each other. The situation steadily worsens, but Olivia starts the third bottle anyway. She HAS to obey—that’s her only way to cope. The worst part is not knowing. Not knowing how long this will take, not knowing what’s coming.

After about two and a half hours on the road, panic sets in. Olivia is locked in a tiny cage in the back of a van, completely trapped. She wants to know how much longer the ride will take, and she desperately needs to pee.

The van finally takes an exit. Thank god. But the bumps in the road press against her bladder in the worst possible way. Are they almost there?! That reflex kicks in—the way you always need to go even more when you know a bathroom is close. Olivia sits up straighter, hopeful, trying to peer through the darkened windows for any sign of where they are.

For the first time, there’s a voice from the front. One of the men speaks through the intercom:

“01478, we’re stopping for a quick bathroom break and to fuel up.”

The van pulls into a gas station. Not exactly the destination she’d hoped for, but the words bathroom break trigger a brief wave of hope. She can picture it—how amazing it would feel to just sit down on a toilet and let go. All she’d have to do is relax the muscles below.

“Stop.” she thinks. “Don’t go there. Don’t let yourself think like that.”

The men up front get out. They fuel the van, head inside the shop, and completely ignore Olivia. Of course they do. She’s locked up and clearly out of favors. They come back with two coffees and—of course—a bottle of water.

The sliding door opens. Olivia, sitting with her legs tightly crossed, immediately tries to act normal. The bottle of water is handed to her. Just what she didn’t need.

“Where exactly are we going?” she asks, carefully.

“It’s not exactly around the corner,” the man says gruffly.

“How much longer?” Olivia asks.

“Two and a half hours. Assuming no traffic.”

A drop escapes into her underwear from the shock. She crosses her legs again. Shit. She’s not hiding it anymore.

“Oh my god. I’m sorry—but that’s a really long time. I don’t think I can make it. I… I really need to pee. And I just drank three bottles of water,” she says, her voice trembling.

“This is exactly why you're going to the camp,” the man snaps. “You need to learn how to control your urges. And no one forced you to drink those bottles of water.”

He slams the door shut.

The van continues its route, and Olivia slips into a kind of trance. It’s all too much. She’s been holding her overworked bladder for days now, and her muscles are completely shot. Another two and a half hours in this van—without traffic—there’s no way she’ll make it. But maybe, because it was too much, her mind just numbed itself. Despite the brutal situation, time seemed to pass a little faster. She even started to drift off, a bit. Shivering from the cold, of course.

###

She’s jolted awake when the van makes a sudden movement. All that water she drank earlier has clearly made its way to her bladder.

Then, a voice crackles through the speaker:

“01478, get ready. We’re almost there. Be prepared to get out.”

The van turns onto a bumpy dirt road full of potholes. With every jolt, Olivia grips the bars, trying to brace herself. This is the most deranged challenge she’s ever faced. The men in the front watch her through the rearview mirror as she winces and writhes.

“I have to go so unbelievably bad… I’ve never—” she mumbles under her breath, though she knows they can’t hear her.

187%. She’s never had this much liquid in her body. Her bladder is painfully swollen, pressing outward like it’s about to burst.

The van approaches a tall fence. It’s hard to say exactly where they are. The men shout something to a guard, and the gate creaks open.

As the vehicle comes to a stop, Olivia’s heart is pounding out of her chest. She’s terrified of what’s about to happen. The men step out and begin chatting with someone in the parking lot. Small talk. Laughing. Paperwork.

“Come on, come on, come on,” she thinks. She knows full well they won’t just let her pee now. That thought alone sends a new wave of panic through her. Her hand is pressed tightly between her legs, instinctively trying to hold back the flood. She knows any second now, she’ll be forced to move.

The men talk for what feels like an eternity. Eventually, they head toward the sliding door. It opens.

“ON YOUR FEET,” one of them shouts. “NOW.”

“I… I can’t. I really have to…” she stammers.

“HURRY UP. This is exactly why you're here, weakling. Get a grip,” one of the men barks.

The message is clear: this is no place for sympathy or games.

Olivia grabs onto the bars and uses every bit of upper body strength to pull herself up—anything to avoid putting more pressure on her bladder. Inch by inch, she rises. Her wristband confirms what she already feels: she’s in even worse shape than last night—and she remembers exactly how bad that was.

The second she’s fully upright, a tiny spurt escapes into her underwear. Panicked, she looks down at her wristband. Nothing changes.

The men fling open the cage door and drag her out. Every single movement is a potential disaster. They slap handcuffs onto her wrists.

“MOVE,” shouts a new man, one she hasn’t seen before.

Every step hurts. She walks slightly hunched over, trying to ease the pressure. She wants to slow down, but the men yank her forward.

Another drop. This is getting impossible.

“Stop. If you keep pulling me like that, I’m going to pee myself,” she pleads.

“That would be the dumbest thing you could do right now,” the man snaps.

They enter a building, pass a front desk, and head toward two doors. One marked with a male symbol, the other with a female one. Olivia has been dreaming about this moment for hours. She knows full well that, technically, she’s already used up her daily allowance—but how could they deny a woman in this condition? This is inhumane.

And to her great surprise—they actually do it. The men walk her straight toward the door marked with the women’s symbol. It’s only about ten meters away, but it feels like ten kilometers.

Every step is agony.

The door swings open. She glances inside, but her eyes haven’t adjusted to the darkness—she can’t see a thing. An officer approaches, wearing a uniform decorated with several commendations, and flicks on the light.

Or rather, what should have been the light to a bathroom.

“Don’t let the sticker fool you,” he says dryly. “They thought it was funny.”

Olivia had never been closer to the idea of relief. For a brief moment, she had fully believed she was seconds away from pulling down her pants and finally sitting on a toilet. But nothing could’ve been further from the truth.

She’s led into a small room—the kind customs agents might use for questioning. There’s nothing but a mirror and a table with two chairs.

“No… toilet…” she mutters.

“Of course not. What do you have on you?” the man asks.

“Nothing! What would I even have on me?!” she snaps, losing patience.

“Just answer the question,” says the man with the medals.

“I’m dying here. I—I made a mistake, I know. But I didn’t empty my bladder, and now I’ve got three days’ worth of piss in me. I can’t hold it anymore. Please. I’m begging you, let me go.”

“This isn’t exactly the ideal start to your time at the work camp. You do understand why you're here, right? I’ll ask again: what do you have on you?”

“Nothing! Nothing!” Olivia yells.

“Search her,” the officer commands.

“NO—please, be careful!” she cries out.

“Stand up straight,” the officer orders.

Olivia tries. Slowly, with shaking legs and clenched muscles, she forces herself upright. As she moves, a few drops escape into her underwear. Her body is screaming.

The officer begins to search her—arms first, then down her torso. His hands pass over her chest and move to her swollen, distended belly. He’s not rough, but in her current state, even the gentlest contact feels unbearable.

“WHAT ARE YOU DOING? NO, STOP!” Olivia yells, panic in her voice.

But the search continues. She’s leaking again. Her focus narrows to one thing: don’t let go. Don’t collapse.

The officer crouches and pats down her legs, then moves back up to her hips, lingering there.

“She’s wet,” he says to a colleague.

“Strip her,” he commands.

Olivia’s voice breaks. “Please… I need a toilet. I’m going to pass out if this keeps going.”

“DID YOU NOT HEAR ME? GET UNDRESSED,” the officer shouts.
