Ahsoka Tano’s Accident: A Star Wars FanFiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-04-28 14:26

Ahsoka woke up naked in her room she shared with her master Anakin Skywalker, she always woke up with a full bladder everyday. Now Anakin was in the bathroom doing a shower and she had to pee desperately. Ahsoka quickly knocked on the door to tell Anakin that she had to go, “Aaaa, Anakin please let me in I have to pee so badly do you want me to wet myself?”

Anakin woke got out of the shower and opened the door to the bathroom, she was happy with Anakin for letting her relieve her desperation to fucking pee. Anakin walk back to the shower but Ahsoka’s full bladder kept getting worse from every step she took.

Now Ahsoka was about to relieve herself but she slipped on the wet floor the Anakin did when he came out of shower and she still had to pee desperately.

Ahsoka’s bladder throbbed while she fell and could feel her piss pushing on her aching naked orange pussy and her bladder. She quickly tried to get back up, but she couldn’t get herself up just then Ahsoka sensed Padmé coming to so they could both secretly wet themselves together.

Just then there knock on the door it was Padmé she was already there, Ahsoka trying again to get up but she couldn’t but then let out a squirt of pee out. She tried one more time and it worked this time she got up and because she just couldn’t let herself pee in the toilet and let poor old Padmé wait for her to open the door until there was no more fuel in the tank.

Ahsoka walked over to where the main entrance door was and let Padmé in, her bladder couldn’t cope the journey to the door as it released another squirt of pee onto the carpet. She did not give up on her friend even know that she was still naked and had to pee.

Her bladder throbbed as she placed her hands over her pussy and grabbed her bladder tightly and continued walking, she made it the she had to release one of her hands to open the door. She reached her left hand over to unlock the door as she did and let Padmé in and she closed the door.

She started losing control of her desperation and couldn’t hold it anymore that she peed in front of Padmé and she ruined the front door carpet. Anakin now out of the shower with a black towel on above his legs, Ahsoka quickly said to him” Anakin I er I er sort of had an accident on this carpet!” Anakin replied with “So you mean that you pissed yourself on this carpet.” “Yes.” Replied Ahsoka.

Ahsoka quickly got dressed to cover up her meaty orange breasts and put on her panties and her Jedi clothes on and left with Padmé to go pee themselves in secret.

To be continued

*002*2018-04-29 02:20

Thaank

{{11 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Nice ^^

}}

Thanks

*004*2018-04-30 01:57

Part 2 The girls wet themselves

Ahsoka and Padmé went out to Padmé’s room, she lock the door and both of them was inside. Padmé sat on her couch and took off most of her clothes off as she was only wearing her white panties. She ask Ahsoka to do the same, so she stripped down to her white with blue stripes panties.

The two of them walked to the fridge to get two large bottles of water because Padmé is a pee fetish lover. Padmé went first she drank it and drank it and she could feel it getting worse and stayed in her seat and desperately place her hand over her pussy and she squirmed endless.

Ahsoka brought a bucket if she was to afraid to piss in her panties, she watched her friend desperately trying to pee herself, Padmé send out a squirt of jet golden pee into her panties. She then releases another squirt of pee and she pees In her panties.

She starts screaming saying to Ashoka “Ah ah ah aaah Ahsoka I’m about to pee my panties fully!” Padmé starts farting and apologises to Ahsoka because she farted in her face, Padmé starts pushing out her pee and she tried and tried until she could feel warm.

Padmé last push and her flood gates opened she starts peeing her panties and pee running down her legs and most of it was on the couch.

Now it was Ahsoka’s turn she drank it and drank it and she could feel it getting worse and she desperately place her hand over her pussy and she squirmed endless just like Padmé. Ahsoka still had the bucket in case that she was to afraid to piss in her panties, she watched her friend desperately trying to pee herself and thought it must be very easy. So Ahsoka send out a squirt of jet golden pee into her panties. She then releases another squirt of pee and she pees In her panties.

“Hey Padmé I think it’s working.” She starts farting but unlike Padmé she shits in her panties and notifies her but she keeps going. She starts pushing out her pee and she tried and tried until she could feel warm.

Ahaoka’s last push and her flood gates opened just like her friend’s. She starts peeing her panties and pee running down her legs and most of it was on the couch. The two girl takes it off and they put it in the washing machine and they sit on the wet couch naked.

*007*2018-05-18 22:46

Ahsoka and Padmé got up and their naked asses out of the couch, Padmé went to check on their panties. Her one was fine she could wear it but Ahaoka’s panties, she previously had a unexpected smelly accident in her panties. She did a shit in it and you could still smell it and ahsaoka would have to wear no panties for the rest of the day.

Padmé notified Ahaoka about her shit panties, she then said “Oh that’s fine the better I can pee in my pants. Ahsoka immediately asked Padmé were the bathroom is, Padmé just said “Do it on the floor.” Ahsoka said “No I can’t I have to do a big crap, I just can’t dirty your floors with shit!” Padmé replied saying “Oh I did not know that you need to do that, I thought you need to have a big piss and the bathroom is down that hall pass my bedroom and you will see it.”

Ahsoka says thank you to Padmé and makes her desperate way to the toilet. She get there and Ahsoka finds it is out of order, she quickly runs back to Padmé to tell her it is out of order. She tells Padmé and Ahsoka is too scared to hold in her shit because she doesn’t want it going everywhere on Padmé’s floors.

Padmé runs somewhere and tells her “I have an idea! I just have to get it first.” Ahsoka waits for Padmé to come and eventually she comes with a big bucket. She then says “Ahsoka, just shit in this bucket.” Ahsoka listens to her and walks above it and then squats down and then she pushes it out and she starts doing what she need to do. She then says ”Ah thanks Padmé your a lifesaver.”

3 hours later

The girls are still naked and they are watching the daily news and drinking heavily on water just then the two girls fall asleep but then are quickly woken up by the bladders spasming try to relive themselves. They walk and Ahsoka does not know where they going but then they come to a spare bedroom. Padmé tells Ahsoka something while dancing on the spot and pressing hard on her pussy, “AAH! Ahsoka I will tell you why the bathroom is out of order it is because I love wetting myself and I have a special area it is the spare bedroom’s wardrobe that I go pee and how you went to do a crap is the same for me, just please don’t tell Anakin.”

Ahsoka says “Wow that is new to me, I never knew we both like pissing ourselves and I will not tell Anakin.” Padmé opens the wardrobe where she says that she goes to pee regularly, the girls walk in closing the door behind them and they start squatting down.

Ahsoka and Padmé just talk about when did you first get into peeing yourself. Padmé said “Well I just got into it two weeks ago when I came here to fix the bed up and I had to go desperately but I ignored it because that was more important than my pee. Right so I eventually fixed the bed and made my way to the toilet but I lost control in the entrance to this bedroom was and I was wearing my dress and pink panties on that day. It just felt so warm so I kept doing it. How about you?”

Ahsoka said “My one is a bit weird but anyway, I was on a mission with Ankain but I drank a lot of water before landing on Geonosis, later I felt my urge to pee but ignore it, a few minutes later I was captured by Count Dooku, he wanted to find out where Obi Wan Kenobi was I did not tell so he used his force lightning and then somewhere I lost control and when Anakin came my clothes were soaked. But yesterday was my first peeing myself in a few years because that was last year it happened. So thank you for showing me all of this I will now never use the toilet to pee in I will always pee in my bed now.”

After they finished their conversation they waited and waited for their pee to come out and finally both the girls floodgates opened at the same time the girls could feel the warmth that they were letting out from their pussies.

When they were done the got up and opened the wardrobe door and walked back to the living room and maybe pee themselves again.

To Be Continued

*010*2018-05-25 22:51

Ahsoka and Padmé were on the couch and even know their clothes were dry they still sat naked on the couch. If Anakin came in Ahsoka would’ve been embarrassing and probably pee herself because she would be scared. But she took that image out of her mind and talked to Padmé, they talked about how can we pee ourselves again. Padmé suggested that we should drink lots of water and fall asleep on the couch and pee yourself.

Ahsoka suggested that they should drink water like what Padmé said, but then they masterbate and stop until they feel they need to pee and of course pee themselves on the couch. Padmé choose Ahaoka’s because she hasn’t masterbated for along time but also because it sounds better.

The girls drank the water and Padmé followed Ahsoka in movement as the two girls started masterbating and they screamed. They kept doing this and then they could feel the bladder about to burst, they stopped did nothing until they could feel the pee on themselves and on the couch, but that did not happen yet so they sat there naked waiting for it to be released.

The﻿ gi﻿rls still naked and nothing has come out from the pussy, the two girls’s but their bladders were still spasming trying to relive themselves. Then all of a sudden “AAH! Ahsoka!” Padmé could feel it almost full and then Ahsoka screamed too.

They start pushing their pee out, but then the girl felt a squirt of pee escape them, they do it harder they could feel the last squirt was coming out soon. Ahsoka was the one to first released the second squirt of pee out, she could feel it getting worse and she desperately place her hand over her pussy and she squirmed endless. Padmé was next she pushed the second squirt of pee out So Ahsoka send out a squirt of ﻿jet golden pee into her panties. She then releases another squirt of pee and she pees In her panties. ﻿and just like Ahsoka she squirmed endless too.

Their bladders was now about to let their flood gates open and with all the two girls might they pushed harder to let their pee out. They girls were trying to push it out but they occasionally let out some farts, Padmé said “We might’ve pushed a bit too harder then.”

They pushed harder and hoped they fart again because they wouldn’t like to be peeing naked on the couch with shit on the sexy asses and Padmé doesn’t have to clean the couch’s covers. They push one more time and their flood gates open and they start peeing on themselves and on the cover of the couch and they scream in relief that they have done that.

Padmé and Ahsoka get up from the couch and the visible accident that everyone can see, Padmé flips the couch’s cover upside down were there is a blanket under the couch is warm because it has all Padmé’s wetting accidents soaked in it. She places the top on the bottom and the bottom on the top for both sides as they sit on it and it is not rough for their sexy asses.

3 hours later:

Ahsoka now has heavily drank water, she walks to the spare room and instead of peeing in front of the out of order bathroom or the wardrobe she jumps into the bed and is going to pee in there.

To Be Continued

*014*2018-06-01 22:20

Ahsoka has now started getting into the bed, she immediately shifts to find what spot that she can piss on. She shifts down until she gets to the middle of the bed and she spreads her legs out, she masterbates again to make her urge stronger. She keeps this going until her bladder starts to spasm.

She lay in the bed waiting for it to happen just then! “AAH﻿! AAH! AAH” And for some reason she thought she could hear Padmé screaming too. ﻿

Ahsoka thinks she is ready to be pushing her pee out and so she does. But then in a few minutes later, she felt a squirt of pee escape her sexy pussy. She does it harder and she could feel the last squirt was coming out soon, which was a relief. She then desperately released the second squirt of pee out, she could feel it getting worse and she desperately place her hand over her pussy and she squirmed endless.

Ahsoka’s bladder level must of been 97% because she squirmed and screamed end﻿less. Now her bladder was now about to let thei﻿r flood gates open and with all the Ahsoka used all her might to wet the bed, so she pushed harder to let her warm, hot, golden pee out.

Ahsoka﻿’s bladder starts working faster now because of her pushing her hot urine out, she keeps trying to push it out but nothing has happened yet and her urge to pee hasn’t come yet. A few minutes later she lost control of her bladder and her flood gates open and she let out a nice scream in relief. And she looked down and saw her endless peeing stream soaking the bed.

Meantime:

Ahsoka got out of bed and her imagination of she could her Padmé screaming like she was peeing herself was not right and must’ve heard herself screaming. But she step in the living room and Padmé was not there! Ahsoka then was panicking because Padmé was her most loyal and best friend she has ever had, now she was still scared because what if someone like Count Dooku or someone else took her and the bad thing was she was still bare naked.

She was still scared and she was thinking what the hell has happened here. Just then Ahsoka was so scared that she randomly her water dripping but did not know what it was she looked down because she always thinks she thinks better. But then so notices it “No,no,no, NO!” She has peed herself again but not deliberate this time, she was scared and nervous about Padmé.

Her hot urine went on the floor and made a big mess, but she noticed something the couch had nicely hot pee stained in it but the last time Ahsoka and Padmé peed on it was yesterday. “Oh no that must mean somebody came here when I was pissing in the bed.” She walked down to the kitchen and by shock she saw a naked Padmé with chains on and she bent over to take Of her mouth chain.

“Padmé what the FUCK happened here when I was peeing in the spare bedroom’s bed!” “Ahsoka you need to get out of here!" Ahsoka replies with “What do you mean?” Padmé starts screaming and says “AAAAhsoka she’s here!”

To Be Continued...

*016*2018-06-02 22:54

Ahsoka looked back in the darkness and she saw a figure walking straight to them, it came out and it was Asajj Ventress. But she was naked and holding her lightsaber tightly in her left arm and also looked like that she was dying for a piss. Ahsoka used the force to get her lightsaber and she turned it on and Ventress turn her’s on too.

Now Padmé feels desperate to pee but her whole body has chains on it and there is one on her pussy, so she has to relieve herself on it. Ahsoka now fighting with Ventress both lightsabers in the air clashing one another and in Ahsoka’s mind she still thought Ventress has to use the toilet.

Padmé’s bladder started to spasm and she had a hair clip in hair, Padmé took it out and open her pussy chain. Her pussy had no more chains on it and she could freely pee on the carpet. Now the two girls were still fight but then Ahsoka knocked Ventress’s lightsaber out of her hands and used a force push to make her fall down on the carpet.

Ahsoka said “Looks like I won Ventress!” Ventress said “ You will never beat me again, Ahsoka Tano!” Just then the naked Ventress gets scared when Ahsoka points her lightsaber near her stomach and she is scared, but then Ahsoka turns her lightsaber off and looks at the floor.

Ventress has peed herself as her﻿ hot urine went on the floor and made a very sexy mess and her nicely hot pee stained the carpet and she starts crying because she was brave warrior and could not stop her from getting scared and having an accident. So Ahsoka was half right about Ventress having to pee.

But then Ventress used the force to close Padmé’s pussy chain and it was back on, her bladder is half full because it holds her bladder tight and can give her a full bladder in a few second and if she would take it off she would immediately be peeing.

Ahsoka starts attacking Ventress for doing that but then Ventress stands up and puts on her small black skirt and bends over to Ahsoka’s face and lifts her skirt up and exposing her naked ass and let out a fart and runs away but Ahsoka uses the force push again and make her fall right in the middle of the door.

Now Ahsoka runs to Padmé and use the force to open her chains but by her surprise Padmé bladder was full and now Padmè’s hot pee went on Ahsoka’s body and made a big mess on Ahsoka’s boobs and her pussy. Ahsoka just sits there doing nothing and just letting her friend empty her more than full bladder on herself.

Now Ahsoka dripping with﻿ hot urine on her used the force to move Ventress’s body to where the chains are and they tied her up just like Padmé and confiscated her lightsaber and for punishment she will always give her lots of water to pee herself for what she had done to Padmé and every time she does an accident floor there will always be a big sexy mess.

1 hour later: Ahsoka said to Padmé “Would you like to come to the new bar down the street and it is also a nude bar?” And Padmé Said “Yes I do!”

To Be Continued...

*018*2018-06-09 23:32

The girls are ready to go to the first naked bar but how can they seek out without Anakin finds them bare naked walking down the stairs. Ashoka though of an idea that they should jump out of the window and she using the force to move the airspeeder.

Ahsoka brought her lightsaber with her in case another attack by Ventress or someone else. They looked sexy standing there before Ahsoka moves it there. Padmè is a bit scared as she keeps farting because she’s scared.

Padmè opened the window’s hatch so it is open, they get on the hatch and jump off it to the girls got out and safely landing in the airspeeder and Ahsoka drove it to the naked bar.

They finally got to there because of the traffic but got there. Ahsoka parked the airspeeder and the two of them walked into the bar. Padmè looked around and noticed everyone was naked, peopledrinking heavily and most people peed themselves from drinking to much and didn’t make the toilet.

Ahsoka and Padmè walked to the counter and asked the man working in there for two ardees. Padmè and Ahsoka drank it and keep ordering more and more.

Just then after the girls’s last drink which will be 21 the girls had to pee desperately so instead of going to use the bathroom and not use the toilet and pee on the floor they got their empty bottles and placed on the pussy, so they were going to pee in it.

Despite their urge to pee they held it in and just kept ordering drinks to make their bladders uncomfortable. They felt a drop of their pee go into the bottle and then two minutes later another one.

They drank and drank now totaling to 25 but kept going until 2 minutes later they drank 38 now their bladders were so fucking full that it was aching because it was too full.

Then after their 39 drink that’s when they started peeing, their pee in the bottle filling it up with their warm hot water urine. When they finally stopped there bottles were full and pretended to ask them what were the bathroom is.

“Down the hall.” The man said “Ok thank you!” Ahsoka said. Then the two walked there too see it and it was spacious and they walked into the men’s bathroom.

They jump up on the urinals and empty their bottles of piss and leave the now empty bottles there. They go back and order more drinks because ardees are free. Their next urge would’ve happened only if they had 50 of them.

They drink again and that would make it 42 now after their next brake that would 45 they would’ve drank. Now they have 45 now and can already feel their bladders having spasms, now they are on 48 and their bladders having a big fucking urge to release.

Now the girl could feel two squirts or pee coming out when they had 49 drinks and now they drank 50. The girls bladders was so full that it need to come out now, the girls felt it happened it then hit them the started peeing themselves it going everywhere on the chair and falling off the chair and basically had an accident.

When they got back to the airspeeder and got back to there appartment and the time was 12:21 so Ankain would not be awake. But when they got to Padmè’s they couldn’t stop peeing as they drank too much and their bladders emptyed as where ever they walked 20 minutes later they stop and got into bed and it was cooled but ahsoka had an idea is that Padmè needs to get warm water.

Just then then the naked Ahsoka fell asleep and Padmè came with the warm water in a big cup and moved Ahsoka’s hand in it and now Ahsoka peed the bed now Padmè jumps in with her friend and go to sleep.

To Be Continued...

