Tracer runs out of time - an Overwatch fanfic

Author: brothacheese

*000*2016-07-22 19:46

Hello friends,

This is actually my first post ever on this site. I was recently inspired to write a fanfic about my favorite game, Overwatch. I think it came out pretty well, so I figured I'd share it here. A few notes:

- I'm uploading from mobile, so the formatting might not be great. Sorry.

- This story is set in the waning days of Overwatch, but before the events in the game. The organization hasn't collapsed yet.

- All characters and other intellectual property features in this story belongs to Blizzard Entertainment. Anyone who posts this story elsewhere is doing so without my consent.

- I switch back and forth between Tracer and Mercy's points of view. All of the switches are marked, please be mindful of that.

- any feedback is greatly appreciated. I pride myself on writing well and I would love to hear how this is received

Enjoy!

POV: Tracer

Oi, I have no idea how I keep ending up in these predicaments. I’m sitting here on the jet, going back to Gibraltar. The mission was bonkers and nearly killed us all, but we got it done like we always do. Me, Winston, Mei, Jack, Zarya ‘n Mercy took out some rogue bastion units over in South Africa, saved the village and looked like the big ole heroes we are. That's us, your friendly neighborhood Overwatch saving the day and lookin’ fab doing it. Tough for me to enjoy it right now though, I'm positively dying here.

“Tracer, are you ok?” I snapped up to see Mercy standing over me. Dr. Angela Ziegler was her full name, she's our resident medic and she seemed worried. “You haven’t looked up once the whole flight! Normally it’s all we can do to keep you quiet. Is something wrong?” Ah, good ole momma Mercy, always concerned for her teammates. I didn’t notice how I’d been sitting, my legs were crossed tightly and I’d been staring at the floor the whole time. “Just peachy, love!” I replied, trying to sound cheery to cover my lie. It was embarrassing, I’m strong enough that I shouldn’t let myself look so miserable. I did my best to sit up straight and smile, but it really did hurt.

“Are you sure, Lena? You’ve been twisted in a knot since we left.” Dr. Ziggy was persistent, I’ll give her that. “And look! You’re shaking! Are you injured?” Bollocks, I hadn’t noticed my leg. It was shaking up and down like you wouldn't believe. Could I just tell her the truth? Mercy is understanding and all but I don’t want her to think I’m a weak little kid! “I’m doing just g-great, love, I swear. A tad cold in ‘ere, innit?” I brought my arms to my chest and feigned a shiver. Mercy backed up a bit and smiled. She really did look like an angel. Pearly skin, blonde hair, blue eyes, even a halo and cute little wings on her suit. “Maybe a little. I’ll go ask Winston to turn down the AC." With that, she turned and glided to the front of the ship. Thank god, she bought it!

As soon as she walked away I dropped the smile and shot my hands between my legs, doubling over and squirming in pain. I swear I’ve never needed a wee so much in my whole life! I know heroes are supposed to hold it 'n all that but bloody hell this hurts! Who designs a jet without a loo, anyways? I cross my legs and shift in my chair. It's so hard to sit here; if I'm square on my bum I'm sure I'll just pee in my pants. Can't keep this up much longer, that's for sure. How far away could we really be, anyways? “WINSTON, LOVE!” I yell from my seat “’OW MUCH LONGER TIL WE’RE AT GIBRALTAR?”

“Uh… maybe an hour? Hour and a half?” The gorilla replied, between bites of banana. My heart sank, I couldn’t believe it. There’s no way I could make it that long. I have to try though, the jet’s not gonna stop just so I can have a tinkle now is it? “…thanks, love!” I reply, trying to hide my fear. I’ve had to pee for so long, I can’t even believe it. This whole time I’ve been bursting for a wee and I really don’t think I can hold it in much longer. Tears started to well up but I fought ‘em back. Like Mercy always says, heroes never cry!

Eight hours ago I was on my way to the loo when I got stopped by Jack, commander of this whole operation. “Tracer, I need you for this” said the boss. Of course, I had to give him my full attention, but I was quite annoyed because at that point I badly needed to pee. Or at least, that’s what I thought. Compared to now that’s not even a tingle. I crossed my legs and gave him a salute and a “yes, captain!” He said “People are in grave danger in South Africa. Come with me, we need to go right now before anyone else loses their life!” I really really wish he had let me use the toilet before we left, but there’s no convincing Morrison once he’s made up his mind. Eight hours ago I thought I was about to wee in my pants. I shifted in my seat again. It’s a miracle I’ve even made it this long, really. I sat back up straight when I saw Mercy heading back towards me. No way could I let her know I was this desperate, I had to be strong.

“Is that better, Lena?” Dr. Ziegler asked with a smile. “M-much, love. Thanks.” I crossed my legs again, faking another smile. My bladder felt like an oil tanker filled to the brim. Whenever I even shifted I could feel it sloshing around. So badly did I want to cry, but I hadda be strong. “You still look uncomfortable, but you’re probably just sick of me asking aren’t you?” Mercy laughed a bit, and I gave her another smile. “Maybe just a tad bit, doc.” I said with a wink. I didn’t dare laugh; my poor bladder couldn’t handle that. Just gonna have to do me best to stay dry, no matter what. But oh man was I ever desperate for a pee.

POV: Mercy

I still think something’s wrong with Lena, but she won’t tell me. No matter, if it were really that bad she would say something. When I took my seat next to her, I could feel her shaking. The poor girl looked intensely focused, staring straight ahead. Her legs were crossed and bouncing up and down and she was leaning forward. This pose looked familiar, but I couldn’t quite place it.

Just then, we hit a bit of turbulence. Jostled in our seats, I heard Tracer gasp and I looked over at her. She had her hands over her crotch and her eyes closed tight, looking like she was about to cry. Finally, it dawned on me. Tracer needed to pee! It was a bit curious that the jets had no bathrooms, and it irked me too. I myself had been in the same position as her many times, trying desperately to hold it for the whole ride. One time I almost lost control, I was in pain for the entire time. That’s a story for another day, though.

I looked away before she opened her eyes; I know she wanted to keep this secret. It’s embarrassing to admit it, and I doubt Jack would stop just so she could relieve herself. Poor Tracer was just gonna have to hold it. She’s as strong as they come, but the bladder has a certain physical limit. I hoped it wasn’t too bad for her, but I suspected it was. She’s clearly trying to be subtle about it, but she’s so animated that it’s quite obvious now that I think of it.

Tracer

Ohhhh god, oh god, that bump almost did me in! I hope nobody saw me grab myself! There was nothing else I could do. It felt like I was made entirely of wee at this point. If you stabbed me, I swear that piss would’ve come out instead of blood. I’ve never been in so much pain in my whole life. For the first time ever, I was afraid to stand up. I’m certain I’d pee everywhere if I did. I brought my foot up and sat on my heel for a bit. Anything I could do to ease the pressure, I tried. It was so hard, nothing seemed to help. I never thought I’d die like this, drowning in my own urine.

By now I was crying, I couldn’t help it. Rocking back and forth in my seat, what a sight I must’ve been. We had maybe forty-five minutes left until we got there, but I was already at my limit. I brought my leg back down and shoved my hands back up against my crotch, trying to hold my wee in with all my might. I was sobbing at this point, it hurt so badly. Everything below my waist felt like it was on fire. Truly, I was desperate for a pee. I would’ve done anything just to get to a loo.

“Tracer, I think I can see what’s wrong.” Oh bollocks! I forgot about Mercy! I took my hands away as quick as I could, but I had to squirm to avoid weeing. “N-nothing’s wrong, love! I’m j-just a little o-on edge is a-ohhhhh.” I doubled over, I couldn’t do this anymore. The sound of my tears hitting the floor only made me want to pee even more. This was absolute torture, worse than anything Talon would ever do to me.

Mercy

I felt so bad for her. She was clearly about to have an accident. I put my arm around her and spoke softly. “Lena, dear, you’re crying.” I wiped her tears away with my free hand. She was shaking so violently you’d think she was being electrocuted. “N-no I’m not, love. Just got sumthin in my-ohhh, in my eyes.” This is what I love about Tracer. She’s about as brave as anybody I’ve ever met, and I’ve met some brave people. The poor girl was too proud to admit it to me.

“Listen to me,” I said firmly but quietly, “I know what you’re going through. You need to use the bathroom, don’t you?” Tracer gave me a shocked look. Her wide eyes glistened from her tears. Desperation exposed, she put her hands back between her legs. “I-I do, Ang. I need to wee like you wouldn’t believe.” I pulled her in, she cried softly into my chest. “How did you ever get to this point?” I asked her. She turned her head so she could talk, still holding herself and moving her legs like her life depended on it.

“I r-really needed the loo earlier, I ‘ad been holding it since breakfast. I was just about at the door when C-commander Morrison stopped me. I tried to convince ‘im to gimme just a minute, but ‘e said that l-l-lives were at stake. I didn’t ‘ave time, I j-just ‘ad to ‘old it. You remember ‘ow tough those b-bastions were. Not like I c-could take a tinkle in the middle of the battle. When it was over I couldn’t find any loos, and ‘e was rushing us back on the ship.”

Classic Jack, he was always in a rush. He probably had no idea what the girl was going through. I must say, I’m a bit impressed at how long Tracer’s been holding it. It wasn’t until two hours after breakfast that we even got the mission. “Lena, that’s horrible. You must be about to explode.” Tracer put her head back into my chest and nodded. “Dr. Ziggy,” she began “are you sure there’s not a hidden bathroom on ‘ere or something? Anything, I need to go. I NEED to go.”

I frowned. “I’m sorry dear, there’s no toilet on here.” Even though she knew that, it still had to hurt to hear. She started to cry again. “Are you sure you can’t hold it? We only have maybe forty minutes to go.” She shook her head, still holding herself tightly. “I’m positive, I can’t even ‘old it five more minutes. I’ve been ‘olding it for ten hours now. It ‘urts so bad, I’m about to wee all over myself. Please, please ‘elp me. Can’t you do something with your staff to make it go away? I’m completely desperate; I swear I’ve never been in so much pain before. I really need to wee, please!”

Poor Tracer was sobbing and holding herself like a little kid. Knowing how brave she really is, she must truly be at her limit. I only wish there was some way my staff could empty her bladder for her. “I can only heal your wounds, I’m sorry.” I glanced at the back of the jet, it was empty. Mei was in the front, asleep in her seat. Winston was navigating, and Jack was intensely focused on piloting. Zarya was doing biceps curls, as usual. I had an idea. In the back was a metal garbage can. A bit out of place perhaps, but it would have to do. Crude as it may be, this is the girl’s only chance.

Tracer

“Lena, sweetie, come with me. Can you stand?” I shook my head. “I don’t think so. I feel like I’m gonna burst.” Mercy frowned at me, she said “Look, we don’t have much time. You have to stand up and come with me or else you’re going to have an accident. Come on, I know you can do it!” She was right, it was my only chance. I had no idea what she was intending to do but it had to be better than sitting there and weeing all over the seat.

I went to stand up, slowly. Every motion made me feel like my bladder was gonna fall out right there. “Oh..oh.. it ‘urts so bad.” Sobbing, I managed to get to my feet. I couldn’t stand up straight, I was almost doubled over. “I know it does sweetie" Mercy reassured me, "You need to follow me now. I’m going to unzip your jacket as we go, is that ok?” I nodded my head. We walked slowly as she gently undid my zipper. Each step I took felt like it would cause me to lose it. Every fiber of my being was dedicated to keeping my pee inside. My tummy was out now, and you could clearly see my bladder bulging through my leggings. We stopped just short of the trash can in the back.

“Tracer, you’re going to relieve yourself in this trash can. Hurry, while you still can!” Ewww, I never want to stick my butt onto something gross like that! I replied, “Are you mad? That’s disgusting!” Angela gave me a stern look. “It’s either the can or your pants” said the doctor. I really didn’t want to do it, but my mind was made up when the plane shifted a bit more. I felt a drop leak out, I was starting to pee! “Ok ok, I’ll do it" I conceded. Frantically, I started to pull down my pants. Oh why do they have to be so tight?

“Angela, I’m starting to lose it!” I wasn’t lying, my pants were only halfway down when I felt my wee come to the very edge. Just in the nick of time I had room, and I sat on the can. I let loose at long last. “Ohhhhh… thank you Dr. Ziggy….Thank you” I moaned in pleasure, letting out hours and hours worth of pee. Splashing echoed from inside the can as I peed like a fire hose. Thirty seconds in I still felt my bladder hurting, god there was a lot of wee. It took about three minutes for it all to come out, and the trash can was about half full.

Still weeing, I asked Mercy “So, what are we gonna do with all this wee?” Mercy chuckled, “Don’t worry about it, Lena. We’ll just dump it out when we land. Nobody has to know.” I smiled for real, for the first time in a long time as I finished. I didn’t even bother to wipe or pull my pants back up. I reached out and grabbed Mercy, pulling her close to me and giving her the biggest hug I could. “Thank you so much, love! I never would’ve made it without you! I owe you one big time!” I grabbed her face and kissed her on the mouth. I’m sure it won’t be too hard to find a way to return the favor.

*002*2016-07-24 14:15

Thanks for the replies :)

Unlucky, I appreciate the feedback. Thank you for the kind words! I also really like the AngeLena name for this haha, that's cute. You're right, some of the stuff is a little far fetched, I will take all of your criticisms to heart. As far as chapter 2 goes, it's being worked on. I can confirm that Mercy does appear, but you'll just have to wait and see if she pees or not ;)

Obey Wario, I agree. I would've done TF2 stuff but I just couldn't find a way to make the Heavy pee himself...

