Desperate night patrol

Author: bunny

*000*2016-08-16 09:02

It was evening in Konoha and it was almost time for night patrol. Tonight it was Kakashi and Guy-sensei turn. Half an hour before the night shift started Guy and Kakashi were eating together and they were both drinking a lot. Kakashi finished his bottle of water while Guy had already finished three cups of tea. After their meal they headed to the watchtower where they began their shift.

It was now midnight and their shift started they had to watch over Konoha till 6 am so they had to stay for 6 hours straight without any breaks. Guy was sitting on a chair and Kakashi was standing against a wall. After two hours Guy felt a twinge in his bladder but he ignored it, Kakashi his bladder was also filling up he also ignored it.

Four hours in the shift Kakashi went to sit down because his bladder was almost full. Guy found it weird that Kakashi went to sit down but he didn't ask why because his bladder was so full. It was 5.30 am so thirthy minutes left so they could go to the toilet. Both of them where at their limit.

Kakashi asked: how are you doing?

Guy said: actually not so good because i need to pee, how long till we are done?

Kakashi said: 30 minutes, it's your fault for drinking so much.

Guy said: yeah but you drank a lot to don't you need to pee?

Kakashi said: yes but i can hold it to the end.

The last five minutes went in and both of them were waiting at the door. Guy was standing with his legs crossed and saw that Kakashi couldn't stop moving and that his bladder was visible so he knew Kakashi was more desperate than him. The shift was finished.Both of them were walking to the bathroom and when they saw the door they went inside. But they saw that only one toilet was open because the others were broken.

They had quite a problem so they knew that the one to reach the toilet first didn't end up with wet pants. So they sprinted to the toilet both of them reached it so they decided to pee together. Guy opened his zipper and started peeing, Kakashi took out his dick but he wasn't peeing. Guy forgot he was pee shy and used one hand to push his bladder. When Guy's hand made contact with his bladder, his floodgates opened and he started peeing.

