Starfire’s accident: A Teen Titans Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-01-24 00:56

Starfire woke up from her bed, it was so hot yesterday Starfire had to sleep naked . She got out of bed and went to the bathroom in her bedroom. She sat on the toilet peeing, then got changed then she went to the living room to sit with the other titans. Robin made breakfast he made toasted sandwiches and the Titans drank orange juice.

Starfire drank a lot of orange juice, Beast Boy and Raven said that she will wet herself later, Starfire just ignoring them and kept drinking. The crime fighting alarm went off it was Starfire’s sister Blackfire causing heaps of trouble at the bank.

Starfire felt her urge to pee when she was flying, she got to the bank with the other Titans. She stared at Blackfire, she felt her bladder getting worse and Blackfire kicked Beast Boy back which hurt him. Starfire then punched her sister in the face, Starfire felt her urge feeling much worse than last time. Blackfire got back up, she then kicked her sister in to a brick wall and a squirt of pee come out dampening her white panties.

She kicked Cyborg back into Beast Boy and knocked Raven out while using her magic. There is only two left Robin and Starfire, Starfire ran to her sister kicking her in the stomach feeling a gush Of pee coming out of her pussy and making her panties wetter. She then teamed up with Robin and tried to defeat Blackfire, as the tried and tried but couldn’t defeat her. Starfire’s bladder became very full, she and Dick kept kicking her sister they finally defeated her but Starfire was about to have an accident.

The other Titans got up and Starfire kissed Robin, but then her bladder burst and pee came out of her pussy and wetting her suit. She also peed on Dick’s boots.

*003*2018-04-30 10:05

Oh ok I will remember that thanks

