Yuudachi and Fubuki's day at the beach

Author: biondi

*000*2017-11-01 09:07

Today is a wonderful day so I decided to go to the beach with my friend Yuudachi, we are friend since we first met in the main fleet of our admiral, she's very funny and I like going out with her. The beach is so pretty, we usually float on water but I admit that being here is a very different experience, there're so many people around play and walking, I never saw so many people, I'm happy. Our beloved admiral said we should drink a lot since the sun is strong here so he gave us watermelons, Yuudachi devored it, she really likes how it taste, I like it too it's very refreshing, I'm sure this day will be a very happy day.

$$

*001*2017-11-01 09:13

I like so much to chill here on the sand eating watermelons, Yuudachi looks a bit weird, maybe she's thinking about our admiral, she's very close to him, I like him too but I can't get between my friend and him, I hope he'll marry her. Eh ? What are you saying Yuu ? Do you want some more of this watermelon ? Oh sorry I didn't understand you had to go to the bathroom, sure I'll wait you here. She ate a lot so I guess is normal that she has to go, when she'll come back we'll make a big sandcastle together.

$$

*002*2017-11-01 09:17

Yuudachi isn't coming back and I have to go too now, maybe she's buyng something at the bar or she has found some other of our friends, I guess I can leave to go to the bathroom. What !? The line is so long, and Yuudachi is still there, well we have no chice but to wait, at least we are together and we can talk while waiting kiling some time.

$$

*003*2017-11-01 09:22

How long have we been here ? This is unbelivable, I'm about to explode and Yuudachi too, maybe we shouldn't have eaten all that watermelon, damn I can't think about something but pee. Wait there're some big rocks there, I've peed outdoor before I guess I should do it again, Hey Yuu we must go behing those rocks, I can't wait anymore in this line, come on no one will see us there, hurry.

$$

*004*2017-11-01 09:27

Ahh this feels so good, I really was about to pee standing in that line, I'm sure Yuudachi is very relived too even if I can't notice if she's here or not, my mind is just too relaxed now, damn I never felt this good my whole life, this is the best thing happed today. Yuudachi why are you wet ? don't tell me that you peed yourself instead of squatting, you're so clumsy sometimes. Time to call it a day and go back to the base, I'm sure the admiral missed us, I'll talk about this day with him, except the pee part, some secrets must remain secrets.

$$

*005*2017-11-01 09:31

Well, this is my second fanfiction, the first one was a completely flop, this time I decided to add captions to those beautiful arts made by my favourite artist (https://twitter.com/kohri_Ms - here is twitter so you can follow him if you like his art), tell me what you think about this experiment, sure I know it's not very creative but I don't think it's too bad either

