Самоисполняющееся пророчество (полное и исправленное)

Автор: brucejedi [x] (-)

*011*2021-04-30 19:49

Chapter 11. Revelations

The next morning, Kyle and Courtney sat in her living room, by her invitation.

She shared a story. “When I was thirteen years old, Jenny slept over. We talked late into the night, mostly about boys. But at one point I left to change my diaper, and when I returned, she asked, ‘Have you ever tried the toilet instead?’ I told her, ‘Here or there in an emergency—never on purpose,’ and with a gleam in her eye, she said, ‘We should try it!’ So we made a pact that the next day we’d attempt to pee only on the toilet and never in our diapers.”

“I always wondered what girls did at slumber parties,” Kyle observed.

“Yeah, so the next morning I peed in the shower—which Jenny said was cheating, but whatever. Then I joined my family and her for breakfast. Eventually I felt something—I mean, I actually felt it—maybe because I was paying far more attention than I normally would. I asked to be excused, and then I whispered to Jenny, ‘Time to pee…’ She grinned—you know like she still does, ear to ear—and I guess my mom saw or heard or something.

“Moments later, I was facing the toilet with my diaper pulled down, trying to figure out the next step, when the door flew open, and my mom said, ‘What are you doing, young lady?’ I replied, ‘Um, peeing?’ and she said, ‘Not in there, you’re not,’ and she literally demanded that I pull my diaper back up, even knowing I was about to wet it. I still remember her exact words: ‘You will never be capable of making it to the toilet, Courtney. Don’t embarrass yourself by trying.’ And that was the last time I ever did, until this year.”

“How did Jenny do?”

“Made it there once, maybe? But here’s the thing, Kyle. That morning I had felt the urge to go, and I wasn’t nearly desperate.”

“An ex told me something similar,” he said.

“So doesn’t that prove we are capable?”

“Of what, exactly? Back then, could you pee in the toilet consistently?”

“Well, if I’d been encouraged to…”

“I’ll believe it when I see it.”

“I’m just saying, the longer I wore diapers, the more incontinent I became. So it’s environmental, not innate.”

“Courtney, diapers are a modern invention.” Kyle assumed an authoritative tone. “Evolutionarily, women were usually outdoors. A lead-time of a minute or so is all they would have needed. I’m guessing that’s all the control you had when you were little…and all you’ll ever reattain.”

His words stung. “So why do men have more?”

“Peeing might disturb the hunt for animals. Plus, we have muscles down there used for sex, so it’s natural we’d repurpose them for holding urine.”

“What’s your point, Kyle?”

“That granted, wearing diapers might lead to dependence, or loss of control or whatever—but they’re also a logical way to accommodate your gender’s natural limitations, in a world where you can’t pee just anywhere. Seriously, what’s the alternative?”

Courtney said nothing.

“And we haven’t begun to address that you still leak when you laugh, or sneeze, or stand up too quickly, or that your overnight is soaking wet every morning.”

“Are you finished?” she asked.

Kyle nodded.

“And that’s how you’ve felt all along—that my toilet-training is a fool’s errand?”

“More like—came to believe so, the longer you struggled at it.”

“But you still got off by seeing me humiliate myself?”

“Uh…”

“Tell the truth.”

“I never wanted you to suffer. But…yes, I find your accidents sexy.”

“I’m sorry, Kyle. I just don’t think we can be together.”

* * *

That evening, Krystal and Courtney sat sprawled on the couch, each with a pint of Ben & Jerry’s.

“Ice cream is so much better braless,” Krystal mused. “You’re not left wondering whether it’ll still fit in a week.”

“I wish I had that problem,” said Courtney. “For me it’s best in sweatpants—for similar reasons.”

“In sweatpants too—I totally agree.”

It was heartbreaking to see Krystal in such a state, normally so put together. Upon arriving, she had gazed up at Courtney with watery eyes, her round face flush from crying. The effect was jarring—Krystal wore heels so often that Courtney had forgotten her friend was actually shorter than she was. On the couch now, Krystal’s heavy chest sagged within her shirt, causing it to ride up slightly and reveal the small tummy role that her leggings had created. The floral trim of her diaper even sat exposed. Of course, Courtney probably looked no better.

“I’m sorry about Joe,” she said.

“He was such a jerk. Why do I keep dating guys like that?”

Courtney often wondered the same thing. Krystal had so much to offer—why had she so little confidence?

“So who’s right,” Courtney asked, “Kyle or Allison?”

Krystal shrugged. “Who’s to say?”

“If you had to guess.”

“Well, you’ve taught me I could probably be less incontinent than I am.”

“But…?”

“Well…what’s the point, really? That if I worked at it incessantly, I could make it to the toilet some of the time? That I could stay dry for a few hours by repeatedly reminding myself to go? Even then, I’d be too scared to try underwear. So isn’t it easier just to go randomly in my diaper, since I’d be wearing one anyway?” Krystal glanced down, made a face, and tugged her shirt lower to cover everything up.

Courtney realized then that Krystal wasn’t just upset about Joe. She could snag a new boyfriend in a heartbeat. Without makeup to conceal it, her angelic face betrayed a far deeper regret…over the life she had forged—a life of serving coffee, getting hit on, and wetting her diaper. Yet Krystal would never try to recast it, for she knew no other. Who knows, maybe there was none?

Finally Courtney spoke. “So you agree with Kyle.”

“I’m sorry, Courtney, but how long has it been?”

“Since I started toilet-training? Half a year.”

“And you’re still in the same place you were three months ago?”

“Sensation-wise, yeah. Control-wise, more or less. Though, I’ve gotten better at remembering to go.”

“That’s something, I suppose.”

“But you think I’m pretty much stuck where I am.”

Krystal looked at her and shrugged.

* * *

On Monday, Courtney called Allison’s clinic. The doctor wasn’t in, so she scheduled an appointment with the receptionist. Courtney wanted answers. Why had no woman before her succeeded at toilet-training? Why was she failing at it too?

Her boss strolled calmly past her desk on the way to the restroom. Minutes later he returned. “Courtney, would you join me in my office, please?”

She smoothed her skirt out over her ruffles and followed him in.

“I’ve reviewed your work on the women’s office-wear project. It’s quite good.”

“Thank you, sir.”

“However, I’m putting Jim in charge for the next phase.”

“The…new hire?” Courtney choked on her words.

“He’s a local expert on women’s apparel—and a trusted friend. Look at these magnificent concept drawings he produced.”

She stared at the pictures of dolled-up office ladies in skirts so tight their diapers showed right through. She began to form a response, but a twinge between her legs grabbed her attention. “I…I don’t…”

“Yes, Courtney?”

The bathroom was within range, adjacent to the one her boss had just used without even a thought. All she need do was excuse herself and hurry down the hall, but that simply wasn’t done. “I don’t…know about those drawings,” she stuttered while trying to hold on. “Do you…really think that’s what women want to wear to work?”

“Take that up with Jim—or Mr. Flanders you should call him now.”

A torrent of objections flooded Courtney’s brain, but she voiced none of them. Instead, she flooded her diaper in front of her boss, her eyes doing their best to conceal it. When it finished, she said softly, “Is that all, Mr. Mills?”

He smiled at her condescendingly. “Hang in there, toots. Your time will come.”

* * *

Thursday afternoon, Courtney left work early for her urology appointment. In the examination room, she changed into a dry pull-up and waited for the doctor to arrive. Finally the door opened, and a middle-aged man in a white coat entered.

“Dr. Peters,” he said, extending his hand.

“Um, where’s Allison?”

“Diaz? She no longer works here.”

“Wait, what?”

“Courtney, correct? May I ask what that is you’re wearing?”

“The pull-up? It’s from Allison.”

“I figured. And I suppose she has you futilely attempting to potty-train?”

“Um, well—”

“Had much luck with that?” The doctor snickered.

“What happened to Dr. Diaz? I’d like to speak with her.”

“Her position was terminated. Her contract stated very clearly that under no condition was she to pursue the debunked work of her doctoral advisor.”

“Jane Wolcott…” Courtney murmured.

“How much did Diaz tell you?”

“Enough…to know the truth.”

“Did she? I’ve reviewed your file. You still lack functional bladder awareness or control after six months of treatment. Even now, seems you can barely keep your clothes dry. The truth, Courtney, is that you’re incontinent and always will be, just like all women.”

“But…the prophecy—”

“Wolcott’s redacted paper? Hogwash. No sensible urologist buys into any of it.”

She stared at the doctor, incredulous.

“Prophecies are the stuff of religion, Courtney, not science. Wolcott advanced a provocative theory—but without evidence, it’s nothing more than speculative fancy.”

“But the university pulled the plug too early—prevented enough evidence from accumulating.”

“Is that what Diaz said? And did she mention why they pulled the plug?”

Courtney waited.

“The participants revolted. They issued a formal complaint to the dean of the med school that their involvement felt pointless and humiliating. Don’t believe me? Here, see for yourself the results of Wolcott’s famous experiment.” He handed her a slip of paper. “Use these login credentials on Reddit. Any further questions, I’m happy to answer them… And in the meantime, wearing a full-absorbency diaper would be a whole lot safer than that flimsy thing you have on.”

* * *

Courtney rushed home and opened her laptop. The credentials the doctor provided brought her to a secret Reddit group called “Diaperless Divas.” The description on the right read, “This group is for the participants in Dr. Wolcott’s experimental trial #2574 to share experiences and tips in their quest for diaper independence. Happy peeing (in the toilet, that is)!”

Several topics filled the screen, from tips for staying dry, to dealing with skeptical partners, to fashion advice sans diaper. Pinned at the top, though, was the longest thread of all, entitled “This actually working for anyone?” Courtney clicked there and scrolled down the page.

“I did everything the research assistant suggested—using a timer, practicing with the diode, etc. Nothing worked. Five months in and I still feel nothing till the last possible moment.”

“I can’t feel anything, either. Does anyone?”

“I don’t.”

“Anyone here actually LIKE peeing in a diaper? I miss it.”

“Tried wearing a pull-up today. Gosh, these don’t hold much, do they?”

“The RA recommended spending a day in underwear. I ended up making puddles on the floor.”

“Her name is Allison, by the way. She’s nice, but clueless. She keeps saying, ‘Making progress, making progress,’ but I can only stay dry by preemptively peeing like ALL THE TIME. It’s not practical.”

“Continent would mean (a) knowing when you have to go and (b) ability to hold for long periods (e.g., >30 min). Anyone have those yet?”

“I don’t.”

“Nope.”

“Eight months in, and I’ve reached neither of those.”

“I’ve soaked more clothes than I can count. I’m done.”

The thread continued like that for pages—with no one indicating an inkling of success beyond what Courtney had experienced. At the very bottom, the discussion turned in a new direction.

“Spoke to the dean today. He expressed surprise that the study was allowed to go forward at all. He suggested filing a formal complaint with the human subjects board.”

“Are you going to?”

“I’m willing—anyone want to join?”

“Count me in.”

“Just show me where to sign.”

The final entry read: “Dear participants, by now you should have received notice that this study is officially suspended. Consequently, this subreddit is closed to future comments. Please direct any further questions to the human subjects office.”

Courtney paged back through the thread, her anger brewing. Why didn’t Allison tell her? She had set Courtney up for failure—convinced her to believe in a pipe dream. Allison was no better than Kyle. At least he had a semi-valid reason—he was turned on by it.

Courtney removed her soggy pull-up and sat her wet butt on the toilet. On the way home, the urge had struck at a red light, and she had glanced around frantically for some magical receptacle to appear. Looking now at her skirt, she noticed dark patches where her output had overwhelmed the pull-up’s small capacity. Had she been wearing panties, the car seat would have been soaked.

How could she have been so naïve? She was a marketing researcher, for crying out loud. She should recognize being taken for a ride.

Courtney sat for a few minutes, but no tinkle emerged. Fantastic—now she’d be returning here every twenty minutes until she managed to go. What a lovely way to spend an evening—unless… She wiped off and peered inside the cabinet: pull-ups on the right, diapers on the left. Krystal’s words rang in her head: What’s the point, really? Courtney reached left and fastened a diaper around her hips.

Just then, her phone received a call from an unlisted number. “Hello?” she asked.

“Courtney?” came Allison’s voice.

“You knew…”

“Courtney, I—”

“—that the experiment was a failure. Why didn’t you tell me?”

“I told you the human subjects board pulled the plug, and I told you why.”

“You didn’t say the board was right.”

“Were they?”

“It sure seems so. I’ve seen the Reddit board. And you know—I can relate.”

“You’re right. I could have been more upfront about your chances for success, given prior participants’ experiences.”

“So why weren’t you?”

“To keep you on the path. You had a drive I’d never seen before, and I thought you might succeed where the others had failed. You were my star student…like I was Jane’s.”

Courtney covered her mouth in surprise. “You tried, yourself. Of course—why wouldn’t you?”

“For months and months, I did. I never regained bladder awareness or a functional hold time. Eventually, I gave up.”

“And now?”

“Now I wear diapers again, as you soon will.”

Courtney’s hand drifted to her ruffled bottom. “Wait, what do you mean?”

“You’re giving up too, aren’t you—after deciding it’s impossible?”

“Allison, do you have any idea what I’ve been through? I’ve had to pee in a urinal—not very successfully, I might add. I’ve peed in an alley next to a stray dog, down my skirt in a fancy restaurant, and finally on the tile floor of a movie theatre and nearly got arrested. And for what? A couple minutes of holding time gained over six months. What’s the practical benefit of that? None that I can see.”

“Those discriminatory sanitation laws should be abolished,” said Allison.

“Laws or no laws, I never want to be in that situation again.” Then Courtney asked, “So why did you call, anyhow?”

“To apologize…for any trouble I may have caused.”

“Well I’m sorry too, that you lost your job on account of me.”

“I knew the risks. The choice was mine.”

“So what’s next for you?” Courtney asked.

“They’ll hold a hearing to determine if my medical license is revoked.”

“I hope it goes well.”

“And for you? Will you give up or not?”

She thought for a moment and then replied, “That’s the million-dollar question, isn’t it?”

* * *

On Sunday morning, Courtney sat at her computer, Zooming with Jenny.

“Well, I admire your tenacity,” said her friend.

“More like stupidity. So many warning signs that panties are beyond me—I had to pee once in a McDonalds cup, for Christ’s sake—but I kept on wearing them anyway.”

“Yeah, I wondered about that—but hey, when you’re on a mission, let nothing stop you.”

“Except almost getting arrested. Since then, I pick up a pair and can’t bring myself to slide them on. And after seeing that Reddit board, I don’t know if I ever will again. Heck, I haven’t even worn a pull-up all weekend.”

Jenny nodded understandingly.

“Of course,” Courtney sighed, “you never believed in the prophecy anyhow.”

“Honey, I certainly wanted to. You think I enjoy walking around with a wet fanny half the time?”

“Well, looks like wet fannies are what we’re stuck with…” Just then her unit’s buzzer sounded. “Hey, I hear the doorbell. Talk later, okay?”

“Later, hon.”

It must be Kyle. He had some nerve coming here, after she ignored all his texts. She marched to the door, ready to shut it in his face—but as she peered through the peephole, she saw not him but a short, aging woman with thick glasses. Courtney opened the door a crack.

“Are you Courtney?”

She nodded.

“Jane Wolcott,” the lady said, extending her hand.

* * *

“How did you find me?” Courtney asked over tea.

Dr. Wolcott sipped from her cup. “Allison tends to ignore various protocols—for example, patient confidentiality. I imagine she gets that from me. In short, I’ve heard quite a lot about you.”

“Then you must know I’ve let you down. I couldn’t make it out of diapers.”

“It’s alright, Courtney. You’re not the first.”

“But I am the last—aren’t I?”

“With me in hiding, and Allison out of work? Perhaps you are, perhaps not.”

“Who else is there?”

“Do you think no other female on this planet has wondered whether she can learn to pee in the toilet?”

“Wondered, perhaps—maybe even tried it—but actually succeeded? Jane, I’m glad you proposed your theory; it had the potential to change many lives. But based on my own experience—and the results of your own study—I think you’re simply wrong. Our gender is incontinent, plain and simple.”

Jane seemed to smile, then gazed toward the ceiling. “To quote another famous tutor, ‘A prophecy that misread could have been.’”

“Ugh, my ex-boyfriend made me watch that movie.”

“Kyle, his name was?”

Courtney cringed. “It makes no difference now—it’s over between us.”

“Because he fetishized your incontinence?”

Allison told her that too? “To put it bluntly, yes. One time he even tricked me into wearing panties out clubbing, so that he could watch me have to pee in embarrassing places.”

Jane raised a bushy eyebrow. “I wish my husband relished my need for diapers like that. It might make the whole affair less aggravating.”

Really? She hadn’t thought of it that way before. Courtney quickly changed the subject. “What did you mean by ‘misread?’”

Jane set down her cup. “Blindfold a rat in its first weeks of life, and it never learns to see. Deprive a child of language in his first two years, and he never learns to speak. Keep a girl in diapers for too long, and she may never learn to pee in the toilet.”

“A self-fulfilling prophecy.”

“Indeed. The trouble is, no review board has approved a study with female toddlers—and believe me, I’ve tried. Too vulnerable a population, they claim. Whatever. And neither Allison nor I have a daughter of our own to try it with. What does seem clear is that our bladder function continues to degrade even after puberty. The longer we wear diapers, the harder reversing it becomes.”

“Which would explain why I made better progress than Allison.”

“And why I made worse.”

Of course Jane had tried too. It went without saying. “You really think that continence is achievable for our gender?”

“You’re asking the wrong person,” Jane replied. “The real question is, do you?”
