The Stalker's Accident - A Fire Emblem: Awakening Fiction

Author: balthazor

*000*2018-04-01 18:06

After noticing the extreme lack of Tharja fictions on this site, I decided to write my first fiction. I think this is sort of in character for her, but the only person I ever supported her with was Henry, so you can be the judge of that. For context, I decided to use Female Robin. Any criticism welcome.

Today had been a fairly good day for Tharja. She had performed admirably well in the day's battle, to the point where the Shepherd's commander, Chrom, had even complemented her. Not that she cared though. There was only one person who she wanted to impress.

In her tent, Tharja was doing what she did every night, studying and practicing various hexes, when she felt a slight urge for the bathroom.

"Ugh" Tharja groaned as she got up and made her way out of her tent, but as soon as she got outside she stopped dead in her tracks. She saw it, Robin's tent was open, and the best part... no one was inside.

Tharja couldn't help herself. Taking advantage of this rare opportunity, she stepped into Robin's tent and began snooping around. It was like she was a kid in a candy store. She ran her hands along Robin's books, peered into Robin's drawers, and even tried on Robin's famous cloak. All of these things- endowed with Robin's wonderful scent.

When she saw Robin's desk she began to lose it. Her mind began to flood with thoughts of Robin doing naughty things. Maybe one day, Robin's desires were too strong and she placed the corner of the desk in between her legs, moving back and forth as she...

"Thanks for the help, Robin."

"It was no problem, Chrom."

The sound of Robin returning back to her tent snapped Tharja out of her fantasy.

"Crap!" She exclaimed, "I was in here longer than I thought."

Tharja looked around, desperately searching for an exit, but to no avail. The only way out was through the front, and there was no way she could go through there without being seen. So she decided to go with plan B. She jumped behind some of the boxes in the corner of the tent and hid.

When Robin entered the room, she payed no mind to the boxes, instead pulling a chair up to her desk. She grabbed a pen and notebook and got to work, seemingly writing strategies.

Behind the boxes, Tharja was being reminded of the reason she left her tent in the first place - she needed to pee, and now it was getting bad. She had her legs pressed together, her hands had taken position in her crotch, and there was a sort of buzzing pain in her bladder that refused to go away. There was no sign that Robin was going to leave any time soon, so unless she wanted Robin to find her curled up in the corner in a puddle of urine, she had to do something and fast.

It was then when Tharja came up with her own strategy. She quietly casted a hex to speed up Robin's bladder. That way, Robin would need to leave the room soon. All Tharja would have to do is outlast Robin.

An hour passed and Tharja was absolutely dying. It took all the strength she had not to wet herself right there. However, her plan was beginning to bore fruit. She could see Robin's legs bouncing up and down, a sure sign of a filling bladder.

"Man, what's with me? I went right before I talked to Chrom," Robin complained to herself as she rose from her desk and walked out of her tent.

Finally, Tharja could see the light at the end of the tunnel. All she had to do was make it to the bathroom and she'd be safe, easy as pie. However, she quickly realized this would be anything but easy.

As soon as she stood up from behind the boxes, she felt a spurt of pee run into her leggings. "Gods no, please," Tharja pleaded as she doubled over. After gaining control of herself, she began to check the damages. There was only a small golfball sized wet patch at the crotch, and she needed to make it to the bathroom if she didn't want it to get any bigger. With newfound determination, she hobbled out of the tent making her way to the bathroom

It took all of her strength, and her wet patch had grown a little, but now she stood outside the bathroom. Finally, relief was so close. She grabbed the door knob and... "Huh?" Tharja's eyes went wide with horror as she realized the door was locked.

"Don't worry, I'll only be a minute" Robin's voice came from the other side.

It was like Tharja's life flashed before her eyes when she realized the fatal flaw in her plan. She was the one who put Robin in the bathroom. This was the last thought that went through Tharja's head before the dam burst.

Her dark leggings began to grow a shade darker, and the thin material they were made of proved no match for the torrent of liquid rushing from her womanhood. Many streams of pee began flowing down her legs as another poured straight down into the dirt below. Her legs gave out and she sat in the dirt for what felt like hours, pissing herself like a little girl.

Eventually the streams died down, and Tharja was left sitting in a pool of her own urine, when a sound snapped her out of it. It was Robin pulling up her pants. She couldn't let Robin see her like this. As she heard the door opening, she quickly crawled to the other side of the bathroom.

"Okay, it's all... huh?"

"I guess they don't need to go anymore." A confused Robin said as she returned to her tent.

Sighing with relief, Tharja took what little solace she could from the fact Robin didn't see her. Her shoes squished with every step as she made her way back to her tent for some dry clothes.

*005*2018-04-06 11:05

I kind of left something open ended on accident, so here's a simple chapter 2.

It had been a couple of hours since Tharja's accident. All lights in the camp had gone out, yet Tharja still lay awake in her bed. With a simple cleaning spell, all that was left was to wait for her clothes to dry, but since this was her only outfit (she hadn't exactly packed her bags to leave Plegia), she was left naked.

She had tried many times to fall asleep, but this nagging feeling that she had forgotten something just wouldn't let her mind be at ease. She had counted her hexing materials, she had gone through her books, and she had made sure nothing was missing, so what could it be?

"Eh, it's probably nothing important," she convinced herself as she closed her eyes and did what she always did when she had trouble sleeping, she thought about Robin. She was imagining Robin from earlier today, after all, Robin had looked so cute when she needed to pee because of the...

"That's it!" Tharja exclaimed when she realized it. She had forgotten to undo the hex on Robin's bladder.

Tharja jumped out of bed, she just couldn't sit still when she thought that Robin needed her help. She was about to step out of her tent when she came to a halt. She still wasn't wearing any clothes.

She looked around, desperately searching for anything to cover up with when her eyes set upon her cloak. With a quick knot, she fastened it into a sort of makeshift robe. From up close, anyone would be able to tell she was nude, but from a distance she would look fine, and she didn't plan on talking to anyone. She stepped out into the night and headed straight for Robin's tent.

Outside Robin's tent, Tharja peered inside to find Robin asleep. She was relieved to see no signs of drying pants or a wet bed. This made her job simple. All she had to do was undo the hex, go back, and then she'd be home free, but her desires got the best of her.

Here Robin was, sleeping, defenseless in front of her. She slowly lifted the blanket off Robin, and gazed at her body. Robin was sleeping on her back in a simple white tank top and a matching pair of white panties. She didn't have the greatest body, her breasts were lacking and her hips and thighs were ordinary, but to Tharja, this was everything she had dreamed of.

She took off her cloak-robe and quietly climbed into bed next to Robin. She used one hand to play with Robin's silky white hair, and the other to pleasure herself. She was trying to take in everything while she could, Robin's sweet smell, her cute face, her subtle curves, when suddenly, Robin's hands slowly moved down towards her crotch, her face scrunched up a little, and she began whimpering in her sleep. She was about to pee.

Snapping out of it, Tharja's eyes shot open when she realized what was about to happen. In an attempt to stop the disaster about to occur, she leaped out of the bed and quickly undid the hex on Robin's bladder, but it was too late.

Robin's panties grew transparent with urine. Golden liquid began to flow from her womanhood, down her thighs, and onto the bed below, causing it to pool around her butt until it eventually soaked into the sheets. A puddle quickly formed, spanning from Robin's knees to midway up her back. Robin had pissed the bed.

With a relieved look on her face, Robin rolled over, spreading the wetness to her front, as well as giving Tharja a clear view of her ass through her now transparent panties.

This was too much stimulation for Tharja. She had to get out of here. She quickly tied her cloak back on, and fled the scene of the crime, perfectly content with acting like she had never been there.

