X-23’s Accident

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-04-18 05:01

This story takes place two years after the events of the movie Logan.

Laura Kinney lay in her bed in Eden feeling very warm in her bed, Laura peed in her bed. She looked at her watch it was 3:47 AM and Laura smiled as her pee slid down her naked ass, everyone sleeps naked. Laura finished peeing and she went back to sleep in her wet bed remembering the day she loved pee fetish.

It was last year, when Laura started loving to wet herself, she drank heeps of water and she had to pee so bad. So she walked to her usual spot she goes to pee because there are no toilet anywhere. When she went a bunch of soldiers come and the other mutant kids spotted there was one missing.

Laura made it to the spot, but there was a female soldier were she usually goes and she was about to start peeing. Laura got out of the bushes and struggling to hide her urge to pee. She jump and scared the solder girl, she felt a squirt of pee leaving her pussy as the soldier girl screamed.

She begged that X-23 should leave her to pee bus she did not sticking her claws out about to stick it in her neck. The soldier girl got even scared and scared as Laura put her claws closer and closer to the girl’s neck. She look closely at Laura’s legs she kept crossing her legs and uncrossing her legs, she quickly said “look you have to go too, why not let me go and we can both can pee in peace. Please!”

Laura did not do anything she kept her claws up and the girl felt the last squirt of pee coming out and her grey panties starting to feel wet. Laura moved her claws closer to neck as girl got so scared she pissed herself. X-23 held her pussy tightly as she watch the girl pee her khaki pants, Laura started having her first leak.

She finished and Laura let her go now she had to find a new area to pee there was a waterfall below the cliff but it would be to obvious to other soldiers. So she looked around nothing no where good while looking once more she felt her final squirt of pee escape her pussy. Immediately she just said “fuck it, I’m just going to pee myself.”

She waited and waited once more and then it happened she started feeling warm, her white panties were soaked and she watched as her pee soaked her jeans. Where her pussy sat in her jeans there was an extremely big mark of pee on it and she just let it happen. That is why she loves when she pees herself.

Now it was 7:59 AM where she got up and used the newly built bathrooms where she brought her pyjamas pants to the bathroom to pee in it. The other kids had pjs but never wore it because it was always hot every night and decided not to wear them. As Laura quickly put her panties on and her pjs pants before she peed herself.

She sat on the toilet in her pjs pants and bare chested with her boobs out and felt the relief of pee releasing into the toilet. When she was done she got out took off her wet clothes and hung it up on the clothes rack and went back inside and sat in the chair near her bed.

To be continued

*002*2018-04-25 05:42

{{On 18/04/2018 at 3:13 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was great

}}

Thanks

