New Town, New Fun

Author: babyboy6

*000*2016-04-11 18:42

A new town, a new life, and new identity. That was exactly what Garret was looking for when he took a job out in a nowhere suburb of Phoenix. There wasn't a soul that knew a thing about his ordinary acquaintances , ordinary mistakes or ordinary life.

Garret was an educated individual who had worked his way through college and grad school to become a pharmacist and began working at a local drug store called Thurmond's Drugs, named after the former proprietor that had passed away some twelve years ago. Now the store was run by his son, a man named Dave in his late 40's. Dave was a nice enough boss, he wasn't demanding and was fun to be around so long as work was done. The pharmacy was a relatively large establishment and in the small suburb filled the role of the local grocery / convince store selling simple things like bread and milk, so it had a fair bit of traffic coming in and out.

Garret had been a bit of a reserved soul before coming out west, but he made it a point to get to know the people that came through pharmacy. He quickly grew to have good relationships with his boss, and the two-women who shared the duty of working the register on opposing shifts. Things progressed normally for some three months and Garret began meeting new people and even found friends in Dave's two sons and their respective cliches.

Before Garret knew it May came around, and all of the town's college age population flooded back home. It was at this time that Lynn, one of the cashiers that worked for the store, began talking to Dave about hiring her daughter. Dave was took all of 3 minutes putting the idea around before he agreed, and Garret was told that within the week there would be a new employee for evenings and weekends, which was more-or-less Garret's unofficial schedule.

On Saturday Garret came in like it were any other day, but fifteen minutes into his shift Lynn's daughter came in for her first day at work. "Hey Garret..." he heard Lynn call from just behind the storefront desk. Garret came around to see what she needed and saw a young woman in her early twenties who simply took him aback not only with her beauty but with her aura as well. She stood around 5' 2" with a thin but healthy build, perfect dark hair and the brightest blue eyes Garret had ever seen.

"Garret, this is my daughter Grace" Lynn said "Grace this is the new pharmacist Garret."

The two exchanged hellos and smiles as Lynn continued.

"Dave would like you to show her the basics but anything you can't cover he'll help her with Monday. She's pretty quick though, just graduated from college with a 3.7" Lynn finished, being an intentional embarrassing mom.

Grace smiled and rolled her eyes, "Ok mom, you can go enjoy your day off" she said lightheartedly as we said our goodbyes to Lynn.

Garret did his best to show the girl the workings of the store. They shared stories of school and friends and Garret learned that much like him Grace was pretty new to the town as her parents bought a new house after her first year of college. Before long the clock approached 10 and the two began closing up.

"So what does a pharmacist do for fun on a Saturday night?" Grace asked half jokingly.

Garret was a little at a loss, he didn't have any plans, nor had he really done much except occasionally tag along with Dave's son to have a drink at the bar from time to time.

"Probably not too much more than a college graduate with a 3.7" he said with a smile.

Grace gave Garret a lighthearted angry face by crinkling her nose and lowering her eyebrow before cracking a smile.

"Well it sounds like you need to take me out on the town" Grace finally said.

"Really? I think it sounds like someone wants free drinks" Garret retorted.

Grace made an overly dramatic gasp "well I can pay for the drinks but then I'd have to charge you for the company."

Garret laughed, "fair enough I'll pay for the drinks."

The two got in Garrets car and drove to a sports bar that Grace said she liked. The two sat in a booth where Garret ordered a beer and Grace a cocktail.

"You struck me as the whiskey type" Grace said starting conversation.

"The stuff makes me sick. I look at whiskey the way most people look at tequila, except I never have a fun time with it" Garret explained. "How about you, are there any drinks you stray away from?"

Grace looked up and away while explaining "weellllll, I have a bad history with one particular beverage, but it's kinda embarrassing..." she trailed off.

"Come on you have to tell me now" Garret prodded.

"Ok, but no telling anyone! When I was a sophomore me and some friends got fake IDs and got into a college bar. I hadn't really ever been to a 'club' before so I was new to the whole thing. They had a special on Long Island Iced Tea so I ordered a bunch of those without realizing how strong they were. I got pretty drunk pretty fast and I might have peed my pants in the club. It wouldn't have been that bad, but they kicked me out and I was affectionately called Puddles for the next few weeks. Then in my junior year a friend was teasing me about it so I proclaimed I was no longer Puddles and could 'overcome the Long Island' being my dramatic self. That night I didn't pee my pants, but I may have wet the bed. So I kinda stay away from those for that reason."

"Wow, you didn't strike me as the pant wetting type" Garret said playfully.

"Shut up!" Grace whined.

"No it's ok, if you accidentally have a Long Island Iced Tea, we'll just go back to the pharmacy and grab a pack of diapers for you...and hopefully you won't leak in the mean time" Garret continued to play.

"Stop! It's not that bad, I've had one here and there to prove to my friends that I could do it" Grace explained.

"I bet you can't have more than two" Garret challenged.

"Really? I think I could have three and be fine other than being a little tipsy" said Grace.

"Are you accepting the challenge?" Garret asked, making an official contest.

Grace thought a minute and then answered, "On one condition. For every Long Island Iced Tea I have, you take a shot of Whiskey, and not the cinnamon or maple flavored stuff, Jack Daniels or Jim Beam."

Garret hated the idea of the whiskey, but he was intrigued enough to take the bet "Ok deal, but what do I get if I win?" Garret asked.

"You can take me out again of course" Grace said with a corny smile. "And if I wake up tomorrow without having wet my pants or my bed I get your phone number and you have to buy my drinks at least two more times."

Garret smiled, offered his hand, which Grace shook to signal let the contest begin and made a trip to the bar, returning with a Long Island Iced Tea and a shot of Jack.

Grace took her last sip of the previous cocktail upon Garret's return and said "I can't believe I'm doing this" before giggling. "You first" Grace said as she pointed to Garret's shot.

Garret hesitated a moment before taking the shot and giving the expression a child would upon drinking cough syrup.

"I don't think I've ever wanted to see someone wet their pants so badly before in my life" Garret said with a laugh after overcoming the taste.

"I don't think I've ever seen someone squirm that bad drinking whiskey" Grace said as she laughed at Garret.

The two continued to make small talk for some time as Garret noticed something a little odd. Even with his urging, and his own trips, Grace didn't use the bathroom. She wasn't squirming or fidgeting at all, but he could only assume that after she finished her second drink (her first Long Island) that she must have to pee, but she kept saying "I'm ok" whenever he asked her.

After finishing her second Long Island, and seeing Garret get up to grab her another she grabbed Garret's arm "Wait. You win, I think I've had enough to drink and I don't want to be sick for work tomorrow."

Garret was slightly disappointed but understood and respected Grace's limit and knew not to push her.

"Ok, well I can walk you home if you'd like" Garret offered. Grace smiled and said "ok" as she waited for Garret to pay the bill.

The town being as small as it was meant that everything was in walking distance. Grace lived only two blocks further than Garret from the bar, which only totaled about a fifteen minute walk. The two started about and after a block or two Grace started to show signs that she needed to pee.

"Are you all right? We can go back to the bar if you need to it's not a big deal" Garret asked.

"I'll be ok, if I need to go that bad I'll just use your bathroom I guess" Grace answered. Garret trusted her, as she articulated her words perfectly and walked without even the slightest stagger. In fact other than being a little giggly, you could hardly tell she had had anything at all to drink.

The two continued their walk as Grace grew more desperate. About half way to her house she even had to stop to keep from having an accident right in the street. Garret felt pity for her and but underneath that was a different feeling, and one he didn't quite know how to place.

It was somewhat amazing to Garret that Grace hadn't wet herself when they finally made it to his house. She was hiding it about as well as one could, and didn't make herself look pathetic by any means, but her occasional 'I need to pee' dance was becoming more and more frequent, and once or twice should couldn't help but grab herself quickly to stop from letting go.

Without asking if she needed it or not Garret told Grace, "Ok this is my place, the bathroom is through my room. It's the room right before you go into the kitchen and head straight back."

"Can you show me?" Grace asked.

"Sure" Garret said as the two entered. Sensing her desperation Garret didn't take the time to turn the lights on, he simply grabbed her gently by the hand and maneuvered through his house, as quickly as he could.

While making their way through the dark house Grace giggled and half heartedly said, "You know I really thought you were serious at the bar."

"Serious about what?" Garret asked.

"Never wanting to see someone wet their pants so badly before in your life" Grace reminded him.

The two entered Garrets room as he quickly flipped the light switch, once again illuminating the brightest blue eyes he had ever seen.

"Well I was serious" Garret answered.

"But not anymore?" asked grace.

There was a pause as Garret didn't know how to respond. Grace grinned as she did her 'I need to pee dance' so close to the bathroom you could hear the water dripping from the shower head.

Garret no longer had pity for Grace, and instead the other feeling began taking over. It was a mischievous excitement the likes of which he had never known. The potent silence grasped Garret, and at first left him dumbfounded, but after a moment he found power in it. Garret again gently took Graces hand and led her. He brought her just inside the doorway and walked across the room whereby he shut the lid of the toilet and sat down on it.

"I said I was taking you to the bathroom, not that you could use it" Garret said with a grin of his own.

Grace did her dance for another few seconds before a small wet patch appeared from between her legs. She continued to hold off the inevitable only for seconds at a time as small leaks began contributing to the large wet stain working its way down Grace's jeans. Slowly the stain worked from between Grace's legs to the front of her thigh in a wing like pattern. While she squirmed Garret noticed her butt had the same pattern. Not long after this Grace stop fighting. Pee streamed down her legs and quickly soaked her jeans until the only dry bit of them left was a small patch on the sides of either thigh.

When finished she looked Garret in the eyes "You can buy me all of the Long Island Iced Tea you want" she said.

"Sounds like a fun second date" Garret responded.

