The Daydreamer

Author: Big Girl Stacy

*000*2019-09-26 22:52

On a seemingly ordinary day, Kassandra found herself enjoying her school lunch break. From home she had brought a sandwich, graham crackers, grapes, and some pomegranate juice which she had been looking forward to tasting. She sat alone today, reading her book peacefully.

After some time, Kassandra finished her lunch, drank her juice, and drank several long gulps of water before embarking to math class. Early in the class, her mind drifted as she pictured herself walking through the halls. She liked to imagine herself floating just above the floor of a long, empty corridor before gently rising to the ceiling. Kassandra daydreamed further about taking a short walk through the air towards a beautiful, flowing waterfall. It invoked images of gentle mists on her skin: a pleasant escape from the stuffy classroom.

But after some time, she slowly drifted back into reality with a pressing question: "Why did I drink so much juice?" Kassandra felt a slight pressure in her bladder which told her that now was not the time to relax. Especially not at a waterfall. A large, flowing waterfall which made the very air glisten with moisture. Maybe one with warm pools to bathe in below and relax all of her tired muscles...

Just then, Kassandra grounded herself once again. She quickly contracted her muscles to prevent the trickle which she was almost convinced to release. Kassandra slammed her thighs together. "Not yet!", she thought to herself. She instead began to strategize the fastest way to get to the toilet to attain the release she so craved. Kassandra raised her hand. "Yes, Kassandra?", Mrs. Zillmann asked.

"Can I go to the bathroom?", Kassandra replied.

"Not yet, Julia has the girls' hall pass. " Mrs. Zillmann hesitated. "Is this an emergency?" Kassandra heard some muffled snickering from her peers and began actively blocking last week's incident from her mind. "No," she said. After a brief pause, Mrs. Z continued her lesson.

Over 20 minutes passed, with Kassandra imagining the ghost of Julia returning the coveted hall pass. She desperately rubbed her thighs together, shifting in her seat in a desperate bid to keep her panties as dry as possible. The desperate girl stayed the course, knowing the embarrassment of holding herself like a little girl. Increasingly she found herself walking closer to that watery precipice of her dreams.

A few minutes later, Kassandra heard footsteps of increasing volume heading towards her classroom. Hope of seeing Julia welled up inside of her: this was her chance! Briefly losing control, Kassandra accidentally let out a dribble before slamming her hands into her crotch. She groaned impatiently to herself, at the beginning of the end of her ability to hold on. The urine was absorbed into her thick panties before cooling against her skin. She was not about to let this happen again. She could wait for Julia's slow gait. She could make it to the distant toilet, and she could release her aching bladder in an appropriate place.

At the instant Julie passed through the door, Kassandra shot up. Kassandra's rapid motion caused another small stream to leak into her damp panties, bringing them near their saturation point. The warmth lingered longer while her bladder cried for sweet relief. Kassandra, unable to avoid holding herself, quickly walked to the front of the room. She wordlessly snatched the hallpass and bolted into the corridor outside. Kassandra sped through the hallways of her high school and walked along the long, delicate tightrope which separated utter humiliation from orgasmic relief.

Kassandra deviated from that path every few steps as she neared the bathroom. Brief leaks warmed the outer edges of her pussy before integrating into the moist fabric of her clothes. She could see a small spot on the front of her light jeans; it was a mark of shame she hoped to hide.

The bathroom was mercifully barren, with no one else coming in or out. One insulting jet of urine later, she burst into the stall and locked the door behind her. She held herself for a few seconds to regain control. She had no time to examine the damage, but the wetness on her hand led her to believe that a baseball-sized portion of her jeans had shamefully darkened. Her slippery fingers and frantic heart rate prevented her from opening the button and zipper on the front of her jeans.

At this moment, no feat of muscular strength could completely stem the flow. A continuous dribble had begun which would not subside, no matter how much she stepped from foot to foot. Shortly after that, a chilling wave swept through Kassandra's body. Her internal dam began to burst directly in front of the toilet. A loud hissing noise erupted from her panties as the yellow waterfall hit their saturated fabric. Hot pee burst down her thighs and around her ass. It passed along the backs of her ankles. Kassandra let out an audible moan; it was a combination of pleasure and embarrassment. The flow continued to burst from within her young body, pooling at her feet and drenching her sneakers in pee once again. As the hissing noise subsided and the warmth continued to spread, Kassandra felt oddly at peace. She was at her peaceful waterfall, or at least very close to it. She could stay there a few minutes before taking the walk of shame to the nurse's office for the second time.

Kassandra opened her eyes as consciousness returned to her. Drifting in from her slumber to the real world, Kassandra pulled the blanket from over her body. As she moved, plastic crinkled below. She reached into her pajama pants and checked her pull-up. As expected, it was soaking wet, about to leak. Kassandra stood up and looked in the mirror before stripping her pajamas off. Her pull-up bulged and sagged below her, heavy and warm with the weight of her dreams. The once-pink flowers had made way for a yellow curtain which crept almost up to her waist. "Thank god, only a dream this time", Kassandra thought to herself before preparing to shower.

*005*2019-09-27 08:33

{{4 hours ago, Ishigreensa said:

That was GREAT! It kept me guessing! Is this a fantasy story? Is it really happening or is it a day dream? Oh! It's a dream and she peed in her sleep! I was really guessing the whole read!

}}

Thank you very much. I'd like to think that Kassandra is very imaginative, which may not be optimal for a frequent bedwetter.

*008*2019-12-02 00:45

Although Kassandra often had these night-time accidents, she prided herself on her capability to stay dry throughout the day. Only in her dreams did her panties and jeans overfill with urine and embarrass her in front of her peers. No one else knew of her embarrassing mornings such as this one; the oddly satisfying warm sensation, the squishy padding against her skin, the swollen, bulging, and yellowed pullups. They knew none of it. Kassandra intended to keep it that way, until the events of that day would come to pass.

With a loud plop, her pullup hit the floor of her bathroom as she stepped out of it and threw it in the trash with the others. Kassandra showered and changed into her school clothes: (ordinary) panties, jeans, a large sweater, and a modest shirt. She grabbed sat down and made herself some breakfast: instant oatmeal and a glass of orange juice. Although she had been advised to kick her habit due to the bedwetting, Kassandra was hopelessly addicted to caffeine. She boiled some water in a kettle and ground up the beans. Kassandra noticed the time on the clock, prompting her to chug the orange juice and pour what coffee she could into a tall thermos to take with her to school.

Kassandra sipped at her hot coffee on the brisk walk to her school. Kassandra didn't want to be late again; frequent showers in the morning would often slow her down. Kassandra thought that maybe on the mornings her diaper didn't leak she could get away with simply using a baby wipe on her skin. With just a minute and a half left to spare, Kassandra took her seat in class. Julie sat directly behind her, packed in close because the classroom was cramped. Kassandra continued to sip her coffee, catching her breath and waiting for math class to begin. Everyone else settled in, their chairs squeaking as they took their places.

The caffeine helped to wake her up and prepare herself for the material. For the first part of class, she remained focused on the material. A flurry of equations transferred themselves from Mrs. Z. to her open notebook. Her only distraction was the occasional squeaking as Julie shifted in her seat behind Kassandra. Her high dose of caffeine also had one more side effect, a one she was very used to. Although she felt the pressure building up inside of her, Kassandra knew that she could wait until the end of class to empty her bladder. So why did she have so many bad dreams that ended with a puddle below her seat, the bathroom floor, or the area in front of the chalkboard? Maybe, she thought, she should build a reliable way to distinguish dream from reality, so her pee ended up in the toilet instead of on herself in the night.

With the caffeine surging through her veins and the coffee gradually joining the orange juice in her stressed bladder, Kassandra quietly opened a blank page in the back of her math notebook. The squeaking from behind became slightly more frequent. Was Julie's chair really that bad? Timidly, she began to put pen to paper, starting with a tally of the week's accidents thus far:

Bedwetting accidents this week: |||

Dear Diary,

Last night I had another accident. I dreamed that I was in class and I couldn't go to the bathroom. I held it for so long that it hurt and when I made it to the toilet I just couldn't take it any more. I ended up peeing all over myself and getting the bathroom floor wet. The scariest part is, the relief felt good.

I woke up and my pullup was soaking wet again!!! I can't believe I'm still peeing myself.

With her brief entry over, Julie was about to close her book. She had taken much time to write it: re-visiting her recent past only made her more desperate and uncomfortable. Plus, remembering the exact details proved to be difficult. The loud noises of the chair behind her hadn't helped. The caffeine had ensured that she stayed very focused her work, however. With just half an hour left, Kassandra was feeling bursting and uncomfortable. In this last interval of class, Kassandra often fantasized about the blissful relief of pissing into the toilet. She thought about her dream some more, conjuring vague images of the lush waterfall and of the warmth in her panties. Her bladder was screaming for relief!

Suddenly, a loud squeak startled her as Julie inched forward. Kassandra jumped, still feeling jittery from the caffeine. Without warning, a spurt escaped into her cotton panties! With all of her might, Kassandra reacted quickly and suppressed the warm flow which threatened to destroy her reputation. She looked at Julie, panicked. Julie whispered sharply "Hey, I really have to pee, have you been taking notes?" before glimpsing into her notebook. Blushing, Kassandra rapidly thumbed through to where she had been writing before, almost dropping her notebook in the process. What had she seen? Was she going to tell someone? Julie continued to shuffle in her seat, wiggling her butt desperately. "You OK, Kassandra?," Julie asked. "I'm fine. Here are the notes I've been taking." Kassandra blushed. She hadn't seen anything. "Great, I'll be right back," Julie said.

Just like she said, Julie raised her hand and asked to use the bathroom. Mrs. Z. granted her the hall pass and she continued. Something about this felt familiar, yet Kassandra could not quite nail it down. Kassandra watched Julie leave the room, growing desperate and mirroring Julie's subtle thigh squeezes and crotch grabs. Some part of Kassandra felt a slight sense of deja vu, and a growing sense that she would need to take action immediately to keep her panties dry. Well, mostly dry. She shrugged off the feeling, knowing that it does no good to catastrophize.

The minutes slowly ticked by as class advanced, with no sign of Julie yet. She must have really had to pee! Kassandra found herself growing increasingly desperate, shifting in her seat and shamelessly holding onto her crotch. Fortunately, she was able to hold on without letting any more dribbles escape into her panties until the agonizing class had finally ended.

The blaring sound of the bell rang out and Kassandra shot up out of her seat like a rocket. Rapidly, she packed her notebooks and pen into her backpack and made a bee line to the girls' room. Other students flooded out of the room after her, shambling to their next classes. She reached the bathroom with her dignity mostly intact, though she was doing the potty dance. She reached the bathroom before most anyone else, on account of her speed. However, she found that of the three stalls were in use. In the nearest one, she the sound of another girl peeing set her into full emergency mode. Shuffling back and forth between her feet, she made her way to the remaining stall at the end of the room, slightly dribbling along the way. She couldn't think about that right now though, she had to go! Briefly, she removed her hand from her crotch to whip open the stall door.

There it was, the toilet. The sight caused the loss of another spurt into her jeans before she could undo her buckle. In a single, swift motion, Kassandra sat on the toilet, already peeing. In that moment, her relief was palpable and orgasmic. Pee cascaded from within her like the waterfall in her dreams, returning her mentally to that place. She moaned and sighed in relief as the torrent of piss safely entered the bowl, far away from her dampened panties. After a seemingly long amount of time, the flow subsided and she decided to wipe herself and inspect the damage. Her panties were mostly soaked, but only a slight amount had wet her jeans. Almost no point in wiping, she thought; her panties were quite wet.

As she thought about what to do, Kassandra heard a small whimper from the next stall over. She heard quiet sobbing and sniffling, making her wonder what was going on. She pulled her wet panties back up and pulled her jeans back on. Only a small wet spot was visible on her crotch of her light-colored jeans; she pulled her sweater down to hide it. Kassandra flushed, opened the stall, and stepped out. Except for the crying girl and herself, the bathroom was now empty. She knocked on the door. Through her sobbing, the girl in the stall asked "y-yes?" Kassandra recognized her voice immediately. It was Julie!

Awkwardly, Kassandra asked "are you OK in there?" After a brief pause, Julie replied "Wait, Kassandra, is that you?" Kassandra said "yes, are you all right?" Julie said through the door: "I uh... had an accident in here", sniffling. Kassandra looked down. Just then, a small puddle of pee crept from beneath the stall door. "It's OK Julie, it happens sometimes," Kassandra offered. After a long pause, Kassandra began to feel deeply sympathetic. Her own pants were slightly wet. Just a few minutes more and it would be Kassandra in the bathroom stall with soaking thighs.

Then, Kassandra got an idea. "Julie, I can help you." The sobbing stopped. "Really?" Julie unlocked the door and pulled it towards herself. Her jeans were soaked with pee. Dark patches had wrapped around her ass and thighs, clinging to her skin. She sat on the toilet, the toilet she had just barely missed. With her waterlogged sneakers, she stepped cautiously through her puddle, standing just behind the open door. Kassandra removed her sweater, nervous about her wet stain. "Here, use this to hide the stain until you get to the school nurse. I won't tell anyone." Julie replied sheepishly: "thanks Kassandra" before wrapping the sweater around her waist. "Are you sure you don't need it?" Kassandra blushed deeply, her embarrassing pee stain wasn't as invisible as she had thought. But as someone of her word, Kassandra firmly replied "I'm sure. Now get yourself a change of clothes." Julie smiled and said "thanks again. And please don't tell anyone!" Kassandra vowed that her lips were sealed.

Julie walked to the exit of the bathroom quickly, before turning around. "By the way, I saw your diary. We should have a sleepover sometime, I don't mind." With that, Julie exited, leaving Kassandra behind, frozen in place.

...

Later that day, Julie and Kassandra waved at each other in the hallway. Julie was wearing a different pair of pants, as expected. Kassandra was about to leave to go home, opening her locker to grab something out of it. As the door swung open, a small piece of paper fell out. Kassandra picked it up and read it: a phone number and a heart.

*009*2019-12-02 01:02

This one took me a while to write by the way. Luckily I was prepared with a goodnite and a towel

