Kate and Lizzy's day out

Author: Biku

*000*2019-04-23 23:43

Kate and Lizzy hadn’t had a day out since they left school, now a year behind. They had always been very close friends but fate wasn’t kind to their bonds from graduation until now. They decided to hang out at a local mall, go eat something, buy stuff, nothing special. This was something they didn’t intend on doing infrequently after all. Kate had her brown hair tied in a ponytail, simple green shirt which maybe was a bit too tight for her breasts, and blue jeans, enveloping a popping behind, with brown shoes. She had changed the open hair she used to wear in high school, she wanted a more adult look.

Lizzy looked the same as she did in high school, shoulder length fluffy brown hair, round, pouty face and big brown eyes. A shoulderless orange frilly shirt covering her small bosom, loose to where sometimes you could get a peek of her soft flat belly. She had blue shorts, a bit tight, playing with the shapes of her bubbly behind. They decided that getting some drinks to start would be nice, it would bring a nice chance to chat calmly for a bit. They went to a café nearby. Kate was brought a small coffee and Lizzy got a huge strawberry milkshake.

“Don’t you think that might be a bit too much, Lizzy?” Kate said, commenting on the absurd size of Lizzy's drink.

“Maybe that might be a bit too much”

“But I like strawberry, and besides, I’m not that small, it should be ok”.

Kate saw Lizzy happily gulp away the large milkshake while she drank her coffee.

“Maybe you should slow down?” Kate suggested, watching her friend grimace.

“I can’t help myself, it’s really tasty!” She ignored Kate’s advice and continued to slurp down the remainder of her milkshake with glee. She got a small brain freeze from trying to drink it all in one slurp, but nothing too bad.

After finishing their drinks, they walked to the store. Well, Kate walked. Lizzy’s stomach felt like it was full of lead, her feet barely taking off of the ground.

“Ugh~~”.

“I told you it was too much”, Kate retorted.

“But it was tasty. And hey, I’m feeling a bit better now, I might just have to walk it off”

Lizzy felt some weight inside her, no longer in her stomach, but lower. Drops falling to her bladder from what was a huge upside down iceberg. But she didn’t figure this out yet, she just dismissed it, it was pretty manageable after all. Kate had tried out a sleeveless blue shirt and a green skirt. Lizzy came out of the dressing room with star shaped glasses, a hat with a feather on the side, a big furcoat swallowing her hands and platform shoes

“What are you doing?” Kate asked confused

“I don’t get to do this often, I thought this would look nice” Lizzy said while being swallowed by the fashion mass.

“Certainly not street nice”

Lizzy tried to walk a bit on the store clothes, each step taking a whole second before stumbling over after three of them. After getting the heavy load of clothes back where they should be, Lizzy could feel that the weight inside her was growing slowly, but constantly. She hadn’t fully understood the magnitude of the milkshake she had drank, which was about the size of her head. Under regular circumstances she would begin a trip to the restroom, but she was outside, not in the comfort of her house’s own. She detested public restrooms with a passion. Not only was she disgusted by the idea of her butt entering in contact with a lid soiled by who knows what, but she was too shy to stand the thought of strangers listening to her answering nature’s call.

Added to that was the fact that she was with a friend. Kate was a really close friend of hers but she was averse to letting her bodily needs be known by anyone. Toilet breaks were not an option, she’d have to ignore her bladder for as long as Kate was with her. But they just arrived at the shop, and they still had stuff to do after that. Lizzy’s dread of the massive iceberg in her lower stomach melting bit by bit was growing, but there wasn’t much she could do that wouldn’t make her embarrassed.

Kate still wanted to try out some stuff. Lizzy already had her fun, she didn’t care much for trying on stuff that long, since she either got to the point or tried out something goofy. Kate on the other hand was a bit of a diva. Each dress, shirt, question of “how does this look?” pelted away at her glacier, filling her more and more. By the ninth outfit she already was grinding on a table every now and then for comfort. She wasn’t used to having this much strain on her tank, so she was trying to find ways to cope with it.

“Hey, how about we go somewhere else? Maybe get a sandwich”. Food would be a good excuse to go “wash her hands” as she wanted after all.

“I dunno, I’m still full from the coffee. How about we go to the arcade for a bit”.

Lizzy wanted to go to Kate and shake her head off. Why now? It’s already lunch time, go get some food. But she still didn’t want to make her needs known, so she agreed. Maybe after this they’d actually go somewhere where they could separate for just that tiny bit.

“How about we go to that one?” Kate said as she pointed towards a DDR machine. Lizzy almost had a heart attack on the spot.

“How about some fighting game stuff?”. Lizzy had always wiped the floor with Kate at them, they were easy enough for her to play without exerting any unnecessary focus, which she knew she would need in the coming minutes.

But Lizzy didn’t take into account that Kate had always liked fighting games even if she sucked at them. Game after game, the mad woman feeding the machine quarters, Lizzy getting weaker and weaker at the legs as time went on. By the end of the twentieth match, Kate got the idea and just gave up trying to defeat Lizzy who was slightly jiggling in place, foot to foot, trying to not betray her needs.

“Hey are you ok?” Lizzy was caught off guard by that question, so far having thought Kate had seen through her.

“Y-yeah, why do you ask?” Lizzy stumbled a bit in saying.

“You look a bit more fidgety than usual” Kate said with a questioning glare.

“Oh no, it’s nothing, just me being in game mode. Hey, let’s go get those sandwiches now then” Lizzy tried to not only deviate the subject but still tried to get that opportunity.

“Actually, coffee’s getting to me, I have to take a leak”

What.

This would’ve been a perfect chance for Lizzy to relieve herself if it weren’t for the fact Kate would also be in a toilet nearby. Hearing her. And there was no way she could go quietly, she could feel the huge amount of liquids sloshing inside her. If the gates were to be opened, it would be a gusher, and a loud one. She walked with Kate to the restrooms, Lizzy stayed outside the stalls while Kate entered. This was beginning to feel like torture for Lizzy. Not only could she not release her waters, but she’d hear Kate releasing hers. The mere thought of her figure in the toilet stance was a hit to Lizzy’s endurance.

Kate had delayed her needs for already quite a bit, the game session was long after all and the coffee’s effect was strong, so she was happy to see the porcelain in front of her. She got her purse onto the floor, and lowered her pants. exposing her orange and white striped panties. She then pulled her panties down as well and went into the outdoor pissing toilet high squat, as she didn’t want to get her butt and nethers dirty with whatever gunk that lid might’ve touched.

The faucet was on, piss merrily falling from her raised slit into the waters below. “Mmm~”. Kate was happy to finally release that coffee she drank that morning, basking on her now empty bladder. And Lizzy had to hear all of this. She was beginning to sweat cold, legs shaking even more. The sounds of relief, relief she was forbidden to partake in by her shame, tormenting her poor piddle tank. Kate then got out of the toilet.

“Ahh, that was nice~. Hmm? Hey Lizzy, you sure you don’t want to take a leak?”

Lizzy flinched at the mention of the word, as if being punched in the gut. “N-no, I’m fine. Definitely”.

Kate’s phone then began to ring, she answered it, Lizzy puzzled by the incomprehensible mumbling coming from the speaker. “Mhmm, yeah gotcha, well, bye”. Kate hung up. “Goddamnit”.

“What, what happened” Lizzy asked, concern overwriting her other worries.

“Nothing much, it’s just that grandma came home. She’s really old, so I gotta help around the house” Lizzy got visibly sad her time with Kate had to be cut short, but on the other hand, her body was not in a state where she could use that extra time properly.

“Hey, let’s walk home, that’ll be fun!” Kate said cheering Lizzy. Back in high school they had many fun conversations walking back home. And besides, that meant that as soon as Kate entered her home, she could quickly get to her home toilet and let her oceans finally run free. But she didn’t take into account the walking.

From the arcade to the halls to the outside, just getting out of that mall was a task all in itself, Lizzy summoning all her strength to not grab herself as she so desperately wanted. Anything to help her cope with her swollen tank, her pained, pained tank, tortured by each step, making waves on her inner lakes. It was becoming unbearable, the need was tremendous, to the point where her body was forcing her to clutch herself to keep it together.

“Hey, you’re looking weird right now, are you ok?” Kate was beginning to feel concern, Lizzy was sweating rivers, reddened face, trembling, barely able to walk, and now hands gripping on her crotch.

“Yes I’m ok, I really am ok” Lizzy was absolutely unable to lie right now, her body betraying her, screaming what she was too ashamed to say.

“...You don’t have to pee, don’t you?” Kate said, trying to connect the dots.

Lizzy jolted when hearing the question, which led to a chain reaction. A pang. A strong pang. Lizzy contorted herself to try to contain the raging flood knocking on her weakened dam. Kate was staring at Lizzy concerned. The cover was up, and there was nothing that could be done to dissimulate it. That definitely was the posture of someone bursting for a piss.

“Oh Kate, I’m gonna explode, I really need to go~” Lizzy stated in a moany fashion, finally being able to verbally convey her agony.

“What, why didn’t you go at the mall? Or when I was at the toilet?” Kate asked confused

“I, well, didn’t want to, you know, you being there, I sorta, well~…” Lizzy answered trying to explain herself, ashamed of her shame, face red and eyes wide opened. Eyes that Kate could do nothing about.

Ever since they met, Lizzy had been a master of puppy eyes, worst part being, she didn’t even make them on purpose, they just were, she could grab anyone’s heartstrings with just her sight. And Kate wasn’t an exception. If anything, she was very vulnerable to them, her heart melting each time.

She then got close to her. “Hey, it’s ok, I got you, let’s just get you home and-”. Lizzy interrupted Kate’s sentence with a brisk movement, curling herself inwards

“Ah, ahhnn~”

Lizzy had to tense her muscles to delay nature’s brutal call.

“Kate...I’m not gonna make it home…So full...It hurts…” She said with misty eyes. “Alright, well, um…” Kate was looking on all directions. “Brace yourself” She then grabbed Lizzy’s arm and shoved her into an alley. “That’s the best I can do, suit yourself”. Kate said, proud in her achievement, feeling like a lifesaver rescuing a baby drowning in the open sea.

“Kate…”

Lizzy then turned back, shocked by the sight of a still Lizzy.

“I can’t pull them down...”

“What do you mean? Just do it, it’s not like you were born with them” Kate retorted.

“If I bend, it’s all gonna come out” Lizzy said, in calm panic, as if bracing herself for a cruel, wet fate.

“Don’t think nothing of this”. Kate then crouched to Lizzy’s crotch, hands undoing her button and zipper, Lizzy blushed on top of her already red face at this act.

“Wha-what are you doing!?”

“It’s either this or pissing yourself”. Kate had to get Lizzy on board on the idea, this was her only salvation after all.

“F-Fine, just d-don’t look too much…”

Kate lowered her friend's shorts to get her ready. If Lizzy's brown puppy eyes, short fluffy black hair and lithe physique, covered in a shoulderless shirt and now lowered jean shorts hadn't been adorable enough, then now Kate got a faceful of it. A glance at a pair of cotton white panties with star patterns, red, blue and purple, with clearly defined openings for her glistening soft legs. Through the cloth she could see Lizzy's twat twitching vigorously, the last stronghold to contain the furious escape from that prison of a bladder. She blushed. She wanted to hug her friend and pat Lizzy while she sat on her lap. Then Kate felt a tremble and her moans from above her head. "Ahh, Kate, please, I~~AH!"

Lizzy's head bolted to the sky, she started shaking, fists and teeth clenched, her thighs vibrating in place and a growing dark spot appearing on her crotch.

"KATE HURRY I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE PLEASE TAKE THEM OFF I NEED TO PEE!!!"

Kate was brought back from her dazed state by a beet red glance from a very concerned Lizzy, a stare full of panic and embarrassment, modesty completely shoved to the side. Was it embarrassment from being seen in a pair of panties that didn't do her desire to look somewhat mature any favors? The constant leaking going on in her nethers? Or the fact that she was about to do something so unimaginably vulgar in front of her friend? Maybe it was all of them.

But Kate couldn't be overwhelmed by Lizzy's glance, hypnotizing, making all the fibers on Kate's body to want to cuddle her and tell her everything will be ok. She had to actually do something for poor Lizzy. So she lowered her moist panties quickly, face to face with Lizzy's trembling, tiny, tucked flower, a small, orderly brown bush on top. Lizzy's legs then collapsed but managed to recompose themselves shortly before a fall, taking the shape of a squat. Lizzy was scared of her situation, usually so shy, now feet away from the streets, panties and nethers fully visible to whomever might come across. But Kate was in the alley. She was ever vigilant. She was safe. She was...finally...safe…

She started gushing furiously onto the floor below her, pushing to get it all out as quickly as possible. Her bladder was so pained, she was so tired, she just wanted to let it all out as fast as she could, the powerful feeling of relief leading the waves out stronger and stronger. "Aaaaaaaaaah~" Lizzy couldn't help but moan. She only had the slightest control over her legs, feeble, shaking, pillars. Every other inch of her body belonged to something else now. The pushing now felt as if it was on autopilot, and the other muscles were completely limp, their weight having to pile on her legs. Her eyes and mouth wide open with panic, a big, dumb smile, and then eyes closed and lips forming the letter o.

Kate stared at every single second of it. She knew Lizzy wouldn't be too fond of that. But the ecstatic cherub next to her was magnetic, her twists and turns, eyes wide open and forcefully shot, her oohs and aaahs. Kate couldn't look anywhere else even if she wanted to, Lizzy's desires be damned. The stream finally came to a close, Kate being slightly saddened but briefly cheered up by what were the softest buns she had ever seen. She knew people sometimes referred to butts as pillow like but now she certainly saw that as a possibility. Lizzy went a bit deeper into the alley, tripping a bit on the way, to adjust her slightly wet panties, letting them envelop her bum. She lifted her shorts and buckled them. She stared at Kate's opposite direction for a bit then she reluctantly turned to her. She couldn't stare at that wall forever, despite her desire for it.

She turned back to Kate, choking back, looking at her. “I’m sorry, don’t think bad of me for this, I don’t want to stop hanging out with you...” Kate then tightly hugged her. “Hey I wouldn’t ditch you for something so dumb, this stuff happens” Lizzy answered with a tighter hug, impossibly strong for such a small girl.

“Ugh~~Hey, how about we do this tomorrow same time?~~”.

“T-this!?”

“I mean hang out.”

“Oh. Great!”

Both girls smiled and resumed their merry walk, leaving Lizzy’s golden lake behind, to hopefully evaporate soon.

