Welcome to the mansion

Author: Bladderbabe

*000*2018-03-10 22:00

Hey! This is my first story here and I really hope you like it. I’m not sure how many chapters there will be but I will do my best to make it entertaining and fun! -bladderbabe

###

I took off my apron and hung it on the hook next to my coworkers, waved goodbye, and walked out the door of Seasons Diner. The rickety old place had a jukebox with Queen and Journey on it, a bar with many stools, and four booths. It was small, but it was everyone’s favorite place to hang out in town. From druggies to businessmen, it was quick and tasty.

”Elena?”

I turned around to see my coworker, Ariel, leaning out the door.

“You left your phone.” She held my phone out the door, the bell above it chiming quietly as it was hit.

“Thanks, Ari. Don’t know what I would do without ya.” I grabbed it and walked back to my bike, waving at her before jumping on my bike and riding down the road of my little town in Massachusetts.

Little did I know that might be the last time I ever see Ariel, or any of my coworkers, again.

###

I passed the old house everyday. It was big and in good shape, but I wasn’t sure if anyone lived there. On this particular day, curiousity got the best of me and I drove onto the curb and put down my kickstand, before slowly walking towards the house.

It was a light brown color with white trim on the windows, doors, and porch. Much to my suprise, the was unlocked. I walked inside and instead of seeing dirty walls covered in graffiti, I saw a gorgeous foyer with gorgeous shiny red walls, a staircase, and the best part - a gorgeous, shimmering crystal chandelier. I couldn’t believe my eyes, it was so beautiful.

As much as I wanted to see the rest of the house, I came to my senses and realized someone probably lived here and I was trespassing. I turned around to see two women, looking about 17, staring at me.

“Oh, I’m so sorry, I wasn’t aware anyone lived here-“

The girl on the left with brown hair stabbed a needle into my neck and I was gone.

........

I woke up in a green room, on a very soft bed with lighter green sheets. Where the hell am I? I wondered as I looked around. There was a large water jug to my left on a mahogany bedside table, some clothes in front of the door, and a another bed with a sleeping girl on it.

I stood up very slowly and went to peak out the window. Yes, I’m in the same house, I can see my bike out front. I try to open it but of course it’s locked. I sigh, realizing the slightest need to pee. I walked over to the clothes that were set out. I was glad the other girl was sleeping so she couldn’t see me nearly nude. Thankfully, they kept my bra and underwear on to protect at least some of my modesty.

I put on the dress that was laid out for me and quickly realized it was a maid’s uniform.

“Seriously?” I whisper to myself as I tie the ribbon in the back.

Suprisingly, there was a pair of white stockings that went with it. At least no one will see my underwear. I pull them on as well and try the door.

”You can’t get out yet,” says a high-pitched, female voice.

I turn around to see the girl who was sleeping awake and putting on her outfit. Hers was nothing but a red lounge bra and a pair of white shorts.

“I’m Ethel. You are?”

”Elena...” I mumble, looking her up and down. She looked around my age, maybe 18. She looked pretty, with a sprinkle of freckles all over her body and naturally red hair.

“Nice to meet you. I’m the one thats supposed to give you the tour.” I hear a small bell chime and the doors unlock. She opens the door for me and steps outside. I see a long hallway filled with other girls coming out of their rooms, all in different outfits, none looking older than 25. They look at me, then just walk out into the rest of the mansion, leaving me and Ethel alone.

“Go to the bathroom and I’ll be waiting out here.” She points to the end of the hall, about two rooms down from us. “Savor it, too. You never know when you’ll be able to use it again.”

I’m curious about how she said I may not be able to use it again, but I went in, did my business, and stepped out to see her in the same place she was before.

“Alright. As you can probably tell, this is the living quarters. We sleep here at night and leave in the morning. It’s not very exciting.” She continues to walk down the hallway. We turn and she walks down the stairs, ignoring the room that looks vastly different at the end.

“Who’s room is that?” I ask.

She sighs. “You’ll meet him.”

I grumble at the lack of explanation but continue to follow her.

“This is the dining room, where we eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Right now is a free period for the girls, they’re free to do anything in the hour before breakfast except use the toilet.”

I notice a small bulge in Ethel’s abdomen, realizing it’s her bladder.

“Why... why not use the toilet?” I ask, still staring at her bladder. I’ve never seen a bladder physically bulge out like that before.

”Because Sir doesn’t want us to. He likes his girls full, pushing their limits. You should see the bulge on some of those girls... Tiana has been holding for longer than most of us, because she was punished. She hasn’t gone since yesterday morning.”

I gasp at this. Yesterday morning? I pee basically every two hours! And she has held it for twenty four?

”You’ll get used to it in time. Today you’re free to use the bathroom whenever you’d like, but tomorrow and forever, unless you get punished, you must only pee in the evenings, once a day.”

“What? That’s insane!”

”Don’t talk like that. You don’t want to be punished on your first day.”

“Can’t I leave?” I don’t want to only pee once a day, and probably get raped by that Sir she’s talking about.

“Of course not. You belong to Sir.”

I look at the door we’re walking past and long to run out of it, but something tells me I shouldn’t and continue to follow her.

“This is the playroom. There’s a tv, cards, board games, and iPads. This is where the girls spend most of their day.”

I look around and see an array of girls playing games and watching tv, all looking uncomfortable. A few wave, but most ignore me. It looked like there was about twenty in there. One girl sat there, who I could only assume was Tiana, rocking back and forth and holding her crotch, obviously very desperate.

Ethel points down the hall to a door. “You do not want to go through there. That’s where Sir is most of the time. It’s like hell. Pray you never have to go in there more than the once today.”

Judging by the way she was talking, I was going to be here a while.

“And that’s all. There’s also a kitchen and such for those who enjoy cooking, a art room for those who like to draw and paint, basically any room for any interest down that hallway.” She points to the other side of me.

A bell chimes and the girls flood into the dining room. I begin to follow them when I hear a voice from a loudspeaker.

“Elena to Sir’s room at this time, Elena to Sir’s room at this time.”

*002*2018-03-10 23:51

{{46 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

This is very interesting so far

}}

Thank you! I’ll try to update at least three times a week if possible (mostly on weekends, maybe multiple updates on saturdays) so I’ll keep it coming. ?

*005*2018-03-11 01:58

{{1 hour ago, derektor_2000 said:

Shrewsbury MA by any chance??

Nice story btw!!!

Peace,

Derek

}}

Tbh, any small town in MA. Doesn’t really matter I guess, but I know where shrewsbury is and it’s pretty accurate to what’s in the story. And thank you!

*006*2018-03-11 02:40

Chapter 2

I couldn’t help myself from writing a second chapter on the same day, I’m just inspired to keep going. -BB

###

”Elena to Sir’s room at this time,” said a deep male voice from the overhead speakers.

I gulped as the other girls looked at me.

“Good luck,” said a wide-shouldered young woman with light brown skin.

I did an unsure thumbs up and started to walk to the so-dreaded place Ethel was telling me about. The door looked average, the same mahogany as the rest of the doors of the house were made of. I noticed a little “Sir’s room” in golden writing on the door.

I very cautiously opened the door.

I didn’t see anyone, and the door swung shut behind me and locked.

I looked around the large room. In one corner, there was a small office. A desk, computer, papers, etc. In another corner, tons of bondage related items, such as chains tied to the walls, handcuffs, blindfolds, gags, and various whips and floggers. I gulped. I was always fascinated by bondage, even dabbled in it with a previous boyfriend, but... this was insane. In the third corner was a full kitchen, and in the last a single, lone toilet.

When I brought my eyes back in front of me, young man no older than 25 stood in front of me. He didn’t speak, he just let me look over him.

He was in a light grey suit with a blue tie, and his short brown hair swooped back into a flawless quiff. He had obvious cheekbones and a sharp jawline, bright green eyes that looked as bright as grass in the spring. I watched as they looked me up in down as well, undressing me in their imagination. To be honest, he was quite attractive and looked to be nice, but after seeing this place I assumed the worst.

After looking at him and realizing he was not planning on starting this conversation, I took it upon myself to speak.

”H-hello, Sir...”

“Hello, Elena.”

His voice was deep and smooth like chocolate. It would normally melt me, but I was so on-edge it didn’t.

”I imagine you’re wondering why you’re here?”

I nod.

”Well, you were trespassing on private property and those who do must be punished... You’re lucky I didn’t call the cops.” He said as he pushed me into a chair and handcuffed my arms together behind me. “Too tight?” He asked.

”It’s fine...”

“Good. Anyway, in this place we do very specific... training, if you will.”

His melted-chocolate voice began to get to me and it took all my willpower to not be extremely attracted to this man.

”My girls are to hold their bladders for many hours, and if they do not manage they will face severe punishments. If they succeed, of course, they’ll get lavish rewards.”

I gulped, as I already felt the smallest tinge in my bladder again.

“Let me out!” I spit, a wave of sudden confidence coursing through me. I fight against the handcuffs.

“Tsk, tsk. You must learn to be more kind to your superiors.”

”Superiors? You’re a freak! Let me out of here! I have a job! I don’t want to be in your stupid... sex games!” I kick out towards him, but he steps away smoothly.

“So naive. We’ll be changing that very soon, darling.” He walked over to the kitchen and grabbed me a bottle of water, which I assumed was laced with something. “I’d normally let you drink on your own, but you seem to be a little disobedient.” He brings the water bottle to my lips and I keep my mouth shut, the water running over my body. He sighs and sets down the water before sitting down on his desk in front of me, just out of reach. “Listen, Elena. You do not have to have sex with me or anyone else here. I would never force someone to do that. Of course, if you do, you may get extra privileges, but that’s besides the point. I only ask you do as I say and let me teach you to control that bladder, and I will never hurt you. Deal?”

The metal of the handcuffs was gnawing away at my skin and I stopped struggling. “Deal.” I spat.

He walks behind me, undoes the handcuffs, and lets me stand.

“Now, let’s get to know each other a bit, alright?”

I rub my sore wrists. “Fine.”

“I already know your name is Elena, you’re 5’3, have blonde hair you wear in a ponytail, have brown eyes, are a waitress as Seasons diner, and are already slowly falling in love with me.” He leans over at the last sentence and looks me in the eye. “Anything else I need to know?”

”No...” I hate saying it. “Sir.”

“Good girl. Now what would you like to do today? There’s any drink you could dream of, if you’re one for alcohol. There’s also some soda if you’re more for that. I could bring your breakfast down here. What would you like?”

“Just a hard lemonade.” I say through gritted teeth, my bladder refusing yet I ignore it. Normally, I would go to the bathroom again by now but I do not want him to think I’m weak. I sit back down and he brings me the lemonade and a glass of wine for himself and sits sipping it. I watch him, eyeing him up and down wondering what he looks like under those clothes. As if reading my mind, he takes off his suit jacket. His arms are strong looking. I bite my lip unintentionally. How could this devil be so attractive?

He somehow notices and sets down his glass and looks at me.

“What else would you like to do?”

His deep voice runs through my veins and I cross my legs as the hard lemonade runs to my bladder.

“What would you like me to do?” I ask coyly.

*008*2018-03-11 15:07

{{11 hours ago, YourFNF said:

Yeah that's the point where I'd be like "Fuck this shit" and go out the window.

}}

That would make sense but all the windows and doors are locked. -BB

*010*2018-03-11 22:53

Chapter 3

I’m glad you guys like the story! I’ll continue to do my best to update it often. I’m not sure exactly how long it will be, but it’ll be long enough to have a good storyline and plenty of omorsashi.

“What would you like me to do?” I ask coyly.

I have no idea where on earth that sudden vulnerability and willingness came from. He was just so intoxicatingly attractive and I thought maybe if I got him to like me, I wouldn’t have to suffer through his little... bladder games.

He seems taken aback. “You’re quite confident for a new one...” he takes another sip from his glass. “Now, I could easily list off all the things I’d like to do to you,” he motions to the corner with the chains and whips, “but I don’t do that the first day. Why don’t you just hold for me? You may use the toilet if you must and I won’t make you drink any more than what you want, since this is your first day. I’d just like to test how good you are for me.”

I licked my lips and finished the rest of my lemonade. My bladder was quickly filling, the alcohol already lowering my senses. If only I wasn’t a light-weight. I leaned back in the chair and looked at him.

“I’m sure that wine is starting to get to your bladder too, Sir...” I say flirtatiously, keeping myself from crossing my legs.

“Sure, but it isn’t bothering me, and I’m sure it won’t for a long time. I have such a large capacity it would take so long for my bladder to fill up, and then to get desperate would take even longer.” He says confidently. His cockiness makes me angry, but curious if he’s speaking truthfully.

“Is that so?” I say. He nods, yet seems a little surprised that I have yet to show any signs of desperation myself. Still, even though I wasn’t showing signs on the outside, my urethra was tightly shut and it was taking lots of willpower to not cross my legs. “Will you go get some water for yourself? We can test our limits,” I lean over, “together.”

He, obviously a little too cocky for his own good, stands up, gets many bottles of water from the fridge, and sets them down on the desk. I scootch up my chair closer to his desk and watch him as I pick up the water and hold it out in cheers. “To a devoted partnership of bladder control,” I lie. I was getting out of here as soon as I could, but not before having my fun.

We touch the water bottles together and I drink it all in a few big gulps, despite my already 3/4 full bladder protesting. I discreetly squeeze my legs together and he doesn’t notice. He doesn’t seem to be fazed by his own bladder quite yet. I’m tempted to push on his bladder, but knowing him the punishment for that would be severe, so I restrained myself. I was curious as to how my bladder looked and felt on the outside, feeling the hot pee burning on the inside. I wasn’t used to holding it and I was becoming desperate quickly.

I very casually crossed my legs and it made it a little easier for me, but not by much. I saw him smirk as I did, and motioned for him to drink another bottle. “I already had some water this morning, so this will even it out,” I lied.

I estimated it had been about three hours since I came in his room. My bladder was filling up quickly and I had to cross my legs tighter. He had just crossed his legs and I giggled.

“The master is weakening already?” I joked. He looked at me and drank another bottle.

His cockiness will be the death of him one day. My bladder felt so full I couldn’t help myself, and I reached my hand down the my abdomen and felt the bulge where my bladder was filled with hot pee, aching to be relieved. I was surprised by how hard it was. Even the smallest brush made it much harder to hold.

“I’m sure this is the first time you’ve ever held,” he says, breaking the silence and causing me to jerk my hand away from my bladder. “You’re lasting much longer than I expected.” He looks towards my abdomen. “Stand,” he commands. I do as told and the sudden gravity makes me freeze and cross my legs tightly, bending over. “Stand up straight and pull up your skirt so I can see that bladder.”

I very cautiously and slowly straighten up, much to my bladders dismay. I keep my legs tightly crossed. I nervously lift up my skirt and am shocked at the sight I see. My bladder is bulging out and is rock hard.

He looks surprised. “I’ve never seen a regular girl with such capacity.” He stands up and walks towards me. I feel my bladder quiver and a small spurt leaks into my panties. I yelp and shove my hands in my crotch. He places his hand very lightly on my bladder and I bite my lip to keep from yelping. I can see his bladder protruding under his suit pants, yet he’s still not showing many signs of desperation.

He gently rubs my bulging bladder, biting his lip. “Good girl, good girl...” he murmurs. I can see him getting hard under his trousers, but I can’t say anything as I’m too focused on not wetting myself. I glance over at the toilet, longing for it. Suddenly, he gently pushes on my bladder and another long spurt of pee jets into my panties and runs down my white stockings. He pulls his hand back.

I run over to the toilet and quickly pull down my stockings and panties as pee jets into the toilet. He watches me intently as I pee for 45 seconds straight. The stream turns to a trickle and eventually stops, and I’m left breathing heavily on the toilet while he watches me. I wipe off with the toilet roll while covering my privates from his view with my hand. He silently walks over, hands me a pair of clean panties, then sits back down at his desk. I turn around and take off my wet stockings and panties and pull the new ones back on, identical to the old ones.

I walk over to his desk and stand in front of it, while I make eye contact with him.

“Thank you, Elena. You are dismissed.” I turn around and walk out of the room, and as I shut the door behind me I hear him run to the toilet and pee a long, hard stream. I smile to myself and walk away.

###

The next chapter will probably involve sex with either one of the other girls or with Sir. It’s alright if you’re uncomfortable with it, you can easily skip it as it won’t be too relevant to the plot and you won’t miss anything that would confuse the rest of the story. Hope you guys liked this chapter! Have a wonderful day

- BB

*013*2018-03-12 13:28

{{1 hour ago, YourFNF said:

Okay I'm confused we skipped ahead three hours and how is she being so nonchalant about this?

}}

She had spent three hours in his room so far, since she was so distracted by him to keep time. Also she’s on edge the whole time and every moment is thinking about escape, but she couldn’t resist the man in front of her.

*016*2018-03-15 03:02

{{On 3/12/2018 at 8:50 PM, Yellow⚤Rain said:

Oh God, this is hot. For some reason I imagine Sir looking something like a more professional Jim from the Office lol. Fantastic job so far, looking forward to the next part!

}}

Not a bad comparison actually! And thank you!!

*017*2018-03-17 22:44

Chapter 4

I’m glad you guys are still enjoying this story and happy st. Patty’s! P.S. I said that this chapter would have sex in it but it doesn’t and is actually very important to the story! Please don’t skip this one!

###

After standing to listen to Sir for a few moments, a young Asian woman with long black hair walks up to me and speaks very quickly.

”Hi! Are you okay? Did he hurt you? You were in there for so long! I apologize on his behalf. You missed breakfast and lunch so I got you a bagel and an apple,” She hands me a cream cheese bagel and an apple. I’m not one for cream cheese but I’m hungry so I eat it anyway. “I hope he didn’t scare you, I’m really glad you’re here! You could help us escape! Tell me about yourself! I’ll introduce you to the other girls and-“

”Woah, girl! Slow down. Um, he didn’t exactly hurt me, he told me the deal, I know, thank you, he didn’t, okay I will, and I’ll do my best.” I say, taking another bite of the gross bagel.

“Right, sorry. I’m Jingyi. You’re Elena, right? The other girls have been so excited to meet you properly.” She then drags me down the hall to the entertainment room Ethel showed me before.

She introduced the rest of the girls, where there was Tiana, who I saw earlier, rocking back and forth and holding herself. She waved and didn’t look up, but she had brown skin covered with freckles. She was really so beautiful, I almost couldn’t take my eyes off of her.

Sitting on the couch next to her were twins Liana and Jamie, two blonde-haired blue-eyed girls who looked a little too much twins-from-the-shining-y.

“Hello,” they said in unison, then went back to reading a book.

On the ground in front of the TV sat a woman, who looked the youngest, playing Halo on the Xbox. She had a hijab on and had a very sweet smile. Her name was Aafia.

In the corner a girl sat, her eyes glued to her iPad. She looked pretty plain, and her name was Taylor.

Then Jingyi walked me down to the hobby rooms, where in the kitchen was a woman who looked about 29 whipping some egg whites to make meringues. Her name was Theodosia.

In the computer room there were two young women playing Fortnite loudly and aggressively. Their names were Alex and Cyanna.

In the theatre was Ethel, reciting lines from Hamlet to no one.

Last was the art room, where a girl in overalls, Lily, sat painting another girl, Kai-Lan.

Once Jingyi was finally done talking, it was dinnertime. A bell chimes and we all walked to the large dining room with another shimmering chandelier, and we sat down and were served by Theodosia and Kai-Lan. After we were served, they sat down and ate too.

Dinner was a juicy steak, medium well, peas, mashed potatoes, merlot, and for dessert delicious meringues.

”Vis ish amathing,” I said with a mouthful of food.

”Thank you,” they replied, and then we ate and made small talk. I found myself talking to Tiana more than anyone, which she seemed thankful for as it distracted her from her desperate bladder.

”I’m glad you’re,” she stopped to squeeze herself, “here with us. I think we’ll be good... friends.” She adjusted her shirt and I glanced at her cleavage. Her breasts were not huge, maybe C or D cups, but she was just so pretty all around it didn’t matter. She really was a beautiful girl.

She smiled as she noticed, then took a big bite of steak.

“So, what did you do to end up in your... predicament?” I asked and took a sip of wine.

”I tried to stay in the bathrooms all day instead of out here with the other girls. He caught me, and... made me hold it. I get to pee in an hour, I just have to wait an hour...” She crossed her legs tighter and whimpered. Her bladder was huge, I could see it bulging out through her skirt.

“You can do it,” I encouraged, patting her on the shoulder.

###

I hope you guys liked that chapter! I introduced all the girls, so that’s all you’re gonna meet... maybe ;)

Have a wonderful week!

- BB

*020*2018-03-18 01:22

{{1 hour ago, YourFNF said:

So wait they have internet? How the hell has no one gotten in touch with the cops?

}}

Let’s just say Sir has connections.

