Mortal kombat fem!warriors

Author: BalloTello

*000*2022-10-03 14:48

Let's be realistic. Not everyone has a steel bladder. Sometimes it can be a fright, sometimes a long patience, and sometimes a "wet" dream. Even the best warriors of a great tournament can lose their nerves or substitute the body...

PART 1

1. Ashra

$$

Ashra is a demon and a former member of Quan Chi's Brotherhood of Shadows. She dared to disobey the order of the necromancer and he sent Ashra's sisters in the Brotherhood of Shadows to kill her. While on the run from the assassins of the Brotherhood, Ashra was able to find an unusual sword, Kriss, which she believed was created in Heaven. Killing one demon after another, Ashra began to feel that the sword seemed to cleanse her soul from the curse. Ashra decided to completely cleanse her soul of evil in order to escape from the hellish reality. To do this, she decided to destroy Noob Saibot, a powerful demon and member of the Brotherhood of Shadows, but she did not succeed.

However, the poor demoness also did not know that the sword, in addition to strength, also robbed her of a rather impressive bladder...On the first night (which she spent on the run), she never found out that her panties began to get wet and dark, and a yellow, wet puddle spread under her booty. Waking up, the demoness hoped that it was just raining... but why did only the lower part get wet? And every time during the meeting, she met with herself, and then as soon as possible to go to the bushes, as soon as possible. Perhaps the only thing that formed her calm was the fact that many of her enemies pissed in their pants out of fear at seeing her true strength...

2. Cassie Cage

$$

Cassie is the leader of a new squad created by Johnny Cage, who decided that it was necessary to assemble a team of young warriors who could eventually replace the aged defenders of the Earth. Together with her team, Cassie goes to Outworld to find out if Shinnok's amulet is really in the hands of the deposed Empress Milina. No matter how hard Casey sometimes tries to play the role of "Fearless Leader", sometimes you can't let fear get the better of you.

After the first mission during the battle with the tartacans, the poor girl was just lucky that she was wearing a dark military suit... At the moment of the battle, she suddenly felt fear. Mileena's pitiful henchmen suddenly became terrible enemies... and especially when their blades are at your throat... suddenly it starts to get warm in your panties, and your pants get wet... fortunately, no one found out about this later... right... right? At least it wasn't in front of Jackie like when she peed in bed at their bachelorette party at 15...

3. Catwoman

$$

Catwoman first appears in Gotham, having just stolen a jewel from the Gotham Museum as she is approached by The Flash. The Flash questions her loyalties, and while Catwoman makes it clear she's only on her side and tries to escape, she cannot lose him thanks to his speed. Catwoman and Flash then fight though he defeats her in combat, and she drops her jewel. The gem is picked up by the mercenar Kano, and in the confusion of him attacking Flash, she reclaims her purloined jewel, and whilst she tries to make her escape, she runs directly into a stray portal that teleports her to the Special Forces base in the Mortal Kombat universe.

Here, she finds Sonya Blade, and requests to use the base's portal to return to Gotham. Sonya defeats her in battle however, and locks her away in a cell. It's fair to say that the battles with Batman so spoiled Selina that she forgot about the horror of death. Sonya was the first in this time who was ready to strangle her... but even better than being whipped with her own whip and before one of the last blows she pisses herself from fear of Sonya... her front part of fiodet pants began to darken, and under it a yellow puddle blurred... it's good that everything was over and Sonya disappeared forever... though the red stains on the woman's ass and the nightmares after which she wakes up in a wet bed and a dark spot on her white panties will remind her of the terrible power of a blonde...

4. Frost

$$

Sub-Zero made historic peace with his clan's enemy, Scorpion. Frost, shocked at this decision, challenged her Grandmaster, deeming him unfit to lead. Sub-Zero defeated her, however, and banished her. For years, she sought the power to destroy him. Her chance at domination arrived when Kronika enlisted her in order to help her reset the timeline, promising Frost that she would lead the Lin Kuei, not Sub Zero. Frost was heavily cyberised by Kronika, helping Sektor and Cyrax restart the Cyber Initiative in accordance with Kronika’s plan. She was used by Raiden to interface with the other cyborgs, shutting them down and removing the threat they posed to his resistance against Kronika.

Luckily for her, no one ever found out about the rather small bladder of a woman in all this time. After all, Scorpion and Sub-Zero did not immediately come to a compromise, and several times a battle took place between the newborn clans. Those damn Takeda steel bands can be scary...and even more so if you hold it for quite a long time and even with your bladder scale...a stain will start to appear on your pants with a hiss too...fortunately...they black...

5. Jade

$$

She once served as Shao Kahn's elite assassin along with his adopted step-daughter Kitana (and later also Mileena). After Kitana was put on trial for Mileena's murder and escaped to the Earthrealm, Jade was ordered by Kahn to bring Kitana back to Outworld alive. However, he also sent Reptile with Jade, ordering him to kill Kitana if necessary. The two located Kitana and Jade narrowly prevented Reptile from killing her. Convinced by Reptile's actions and Kitana's words, Jade turns against Kahn and aids Kitana in freeing her resurrected mother, Queen Sindel, from Kahn's mental control. The three later join with Kitana's Earthrealm allies to help defeat Shao Kahn.

Luckily for her personal secrets, she didn't have to hide it to anyone...except Kitana, of course... When you hide in the forest for a long time, watching the battle, there is an opportunity to take a break for a toilet... but in the heat of battle, where retreating still awaits death, there is no such opportunity... Streams of urine were already trickling down her legs, pouring into her shoes, her underpants became even darker and wet, as soon as they met a worthy enemy... it’s good that they don’t live long...

*001*2022-10-08 21:27

6. Kitana

$$

Princess Kitana is 10,000 years old, but is considered young in her realm of Edenia and has the appearance of a young woman. Throughout the years, she rose to great importance; first as the loyal stepdaughter of Shao Kahn, then as his enemy, tearing herself away from his grasp and freeing her home realm of Edenia. She also led an army into Outworld to combat any chance of Shao Kahn rising to power again. She has shared a subtle love interest with Mortal Kombat champion Liu Kang, even after he was murdered by the Deadly Alliance. Although she was loyal to Shao Kahn for most of her life, she eventually betrayed him and aligned herself with the Earthrealmers. Her betrayal was mainly the result of growing doubts as to the morality of her actions and resulting feelings of guilt, as well as anger at the discovery of the truth about her past and her true father, the late King Jerrod.

When Jade talked about her "little accidents", Kitana never found it difficult to listen and support her friend, while even personally washing her panties (But of course, once again look at the charms of Jade, who has not matured badly over the years) the princess has always been famous for her kindness...and secretiveness...she also never told Jade about her accidents...

Kitana often recalled moments from her childhood...the death of her father, the fall of Edenia...already in adulthood, Kitana had a dream about this nightmare...from the crotch of the girl, urine immediately began to come out, from which the panties and the sheet began to darken... The blushing young princess changed sheets and panties like a child... Sometimes, during the battle, she simply did not have enough time to go to the toilet and had to endure. Of course, the heir to the throne of Outworld is not allowed to cross her arms between her legs and dance the pee dance... It's good that the training allowed her to pee in her panties so as not to touch the robes and leave no stains...

7. Kira

$$

Before she joined the Black Dragon, Kira, disguised as a man, traded weapons in the mountains of Afghanistan. During one of the transactions, the terrorists accidentally discovered that she was a girl and attacked her. Kira was left with no choice but to fight her way out of the cave through the terrorists. When Kira left the cave alone, Cabal was already waiting for her there. He decided that a woman who could do business with an organization of extremist thugs and could talk about it was worthy of joining the new Black Dragon.

Ever since her day as an arms smuggler, Kira has had a hard time. After all, it is much easier for men to restrain their "call of nature" than for women. Therefore, without arousing suspicion, the woman endured, then kicked with all her might into the nearest shade or bushes for relief. However, sometimes it was so hard for the criminal that she simply did not have time and warm streams of urine wetted her panties and pants, creating spots on them...Of course, later, as a member of the dragon gang, it was easier for her to lighten up, because there was no longer any need to pretend to be a man. Only Kano's caustic comments spoiled the whole buzz.

8. Khamelion

$$

Kameleon comes from a race of intelligent lizards "Zaterrian", also known as "Raptors" and "Saurians". Once upon a time, their race lived on Earth, but the great war between the gods almost destroyed their race, and the survivors were forced to look for a new home. They became the world, which they called Zaterra, which means "New Earth". Later, Shao Kahn found out about Zatter. His warriors won the Mortal Kombat tournament against the best representatives of this race. Then almost all Zaterrians were exterminated, except for Reptile, who became the last male representative of the lizard race, and Kameleon, who became the last female of the Saurian race. Kameleon spent a lot of time finding a way to kill Shao Kahn and track down Reptile, who had been in the service of the emperor all this time. During the invasion of Kahn's forces into Earthrealm, Kameleon fought on the side of the earthlings.

Although the woman was quite secretive and unflappable at first glance, in fact, she was followed by some "Accidents". How to use the bathroom earth? She was just... ashamed to ask that. Of course, sometimes she found a worthy place to relieve her bladder. But often...especially considering the number of duties that land warriors have, she couldn't afford such pleasure. How many times she had to endure to the limit during the battles, and how many times she had to embarrass herself by dancing a pee dance and listening to incomprehensible jokes from Cage. Unfortunately, one day she just couldn't hold it anymore. With a hiss, a stain began to expand on the tight-fitting suit, and underfoot blurred big yellow puddle. She literally had to take off her clothes and walk naked so that no one would see her shame... it’s good that Sonya explained the earthly wash to her...

9. Li Mei

$$

Li Mei was a resident of a small village in Outworld. She, along with the rest of the villagers, was captured by the Deadly Alliance, under the leadership of Kano, who transferred to the service of sorcerers after the death of Shao Kahn. They were tasked by the Deadly Alliance to build a huge palace around the stone structures that were on the nearby plateau. According to legends, this place was the portal to Heaven, created by the gods. When Quan Chi created a giant vortex of souls (Solnado) with the help of Shinnok's amulet, it became clear that these legends were true. As a slave, Li Mei dared to attack Kano himself. Quan Chi, interested in her abilities, invited her to participate in a tournament organized by the Deadly Alliance. If she can win, then the sorcerers will release the inhabitants of her village to freedom, if not, then they will forever remain in slavery. Li Mei was left with no choice but to agree to participate.

Milina has always been Li Mei's personal enemy. Women in purple have always hated each other. However, Li Mei had a major disadvantage that spoiled all the advantages of her strength and magic... Despite life in the Outside World, the old trauma after Shao Kahn's attack left a trauma on her psyche forever, giving her unconscious... cowardice... sometimes seeing Shao Kahn's henchmen (tarkatans), she suddenly realized that her knees were trembling... And damn it... of course, Milina found out about this... and the damned pervert immediately had a plan...

During their next battle, Milina threw the woman on her back, slowly grinning... a sharp movement and the princess was not wearing a mask. In the eyes of Li Mei, fear instantly arose... Milina felt pleasure in feeling the trembling of the opponent and watching the tears well up in her eyes. Then suddenly there was a hiss... Milina felt something wet and warm covering her knee, soaking it... Li Mei's panties instantly darkened, and the yellow puddle didn't seem to end. Li Mei regained her senses at the same moment and covered her shame by running away, waiting for the princess to attack, but only "Pathetic" was heard in the back. Since then, right up to the victory over Milina, Li Mei will have to change the sheets many more times after having nightmares.

*002*2022-10-23 20:04

Jackie Briggs (forgot about her)

$$

A close friend to Cassie Cage, Jacqui Briggs is the daughter of Jackson Briggs and Vera Briggs. After Jax was resurrected from being one of Quan Chi's slaves during the Netherrealm War, he met Vera and they went onto marry, becoming parents to Jacque. After her birth, he became overly protective of Jacqui and wanted her to live a normal life. At some point, Jacqui became a professional kickboxer and eventually competed in the Junior Olympics and enlisted in a training camp. Despite her father not approving her decision to join the Special Forces, Jacqui sees it as her duty to protect Earthrealm and to avenge her father from the suffering he endured from Quan Chi and Ermac (who ripped off Jax's arms during the Outworld tournament). Jacqui enjoys the time she spends with Cassie, but was often annoyed by her friend's lack of hindsight in their youth and is often the voice of reason when the two get into predicaments.

During missions, Jacqui becomes very serious and supports Cassie’s leadership. Jacqui is very protective of her family, but is easily annoyed whenever her father’s history of being Quan Chi's slave is brought up, as shown when Kung Jin continues to do so. Most recently, she has become romantically involved with Takeda Takahashi, Kenshi’s son and Scorpion’s apprentice. As her best friend, Casey Cage knew a lot about the dark woman. For Casey, this has always been an example of resilience and courage...but Casey, although she was a leader...once she wet the bed at their sleepover, another time during a mission in Outerworld she will pee herself in front of everyone. But Jackie kept her secrets. Trying to be like her father, she spent 24/7 in training and assignments. 

Sometimes a young soldier forgot that her bladder was far from being big. Pride did not allow her to cross her arms between her legs and dance the pee-pee dance in front of everyone. Therefore, sometimes with the last of her strength, the girl fled to a secluded place for relief. Not always having time to take off her tight-fitting dark underpants, she squatted down and urinated in them. The crotch area quickly became wet, and with a loud hiss, a spot the size of a coin spread on it, which became larger and larger. As a result, the streams went into the flesh up to her ass turning into a waterfall of urine. Fortunately for her, it didn’t get on her pants...only now...walking with wet panties is still uncomfortable.

*004*2022-11-06 09:23

Spoiler

10. Melina

$$

Melina is a mutant hybrid clone of Kitana, created in Shang Tsung's flesh pits at the behest of Shao Kahn, who had become increasingly paranoid that Kitana would one day learn the truth and betray him. As a fusion of Tarkatan blood and Edenian physiology, Mileena combines and fully utilizes attributes of both races in combat, boasting incredible speed, brute strength, nimble acrobatic prowess, and frightening, carnivorous savagery matched only by Baraka.

In stark contrast to Kitana, Melina is an evil, sadistic, cruel, twisted, hot-tempered, and psychologically unhinged opportunist whose fondest wish is to kill her "sister" and claim her existence for her own. She fights using a pair of sais and a hideous, razor-sharp Tarkatan maw which she uses to bite off chunks of human flesh and crush bones. Vendetta is a nasty thing. Although the clone of Princess Kitana laughed at how Li Mei or Kitana could wet their pants out of fear, she never learned to control her bladder...

Being created immediately in adulthood, a woman often simply did not perceive the "Call of Nature" and then sincerely surprised and blushed at the hissing and wetting of her panties. On the day when Armageddon came, she entered into the last battle with Li Mei and now it was the turn of another woman to laugh. Her arrogance prevented her from going to the bathroom before a battle in hopes of bladder strength. But also on the battlefield, running his overcrowding and fear threatened to wet her panties.

And in the battle with Li Mei, in a short time, her own kunai was put to her throat ... and only then did Milina realize that death was close. Tears began to appear in my eyes, and my body trembled as if in a cold steppe. The bladder could not stand it, and with a hiss, urine began to come out of the girl's vagina. Purple panties instantly darkened and wet, and a puddle of urine accumulated under the ass, making the sand dark and sticky. A cruel smirk appeared on Li Mei's lips... "Pathetic" she hissed, leaving Milina in her own urine. Only after recovering from the shock, the princess got up from her back, still trembling and crying ... wet panties from behind were in the sand like swimming trunks after the pool, from which her butt was visible to literally everyone ... Only then the woman woke up in her chambers again surprised by unknown visions in dreams... but... why is the bed from below so wet and warm?

