A beauty in distress-persona 5

Author: Bob222

*000*2025-02-01 22:26

Leblanc, 8:30PM

“Please, enjoy your stay” Akira said to the late night customer, Sojiro had recently left due to a sickness, leaving Akira in control for the rest of the day. While the boy didn’t mind doing this, it couldn’t have been on a worse day. His girlfriend, Haru, was spending the night. And, unknown to them at the time, this wasn’t the worst problem they’d face that night.

Haru was waiting in Akira’s room, keeping an eye on the time. She had an important zoom call which she needed to attend, it could dictate the future of the entire company. The call would be at 9PM, just 30 minutes before the store would close up. Akira had already been told about this ahead of time and would make sure the customers were quiet, not that it was important as Leblanc barely got customers near the nighttime and they were closing in an hour

Haru got her laptop set up, she always liked to be prepared for something ahead of time, which was also when she felt the need to go to the toilet arise in her. She decided to be safe and go now. Walking downstairs she said hello to the customer and her boyfriend. “I’m just going to the bathroom, the meeting is gonna start soon” she said to him. He just smiled at her while nodding.

Haru made her way into the bathroom and took a seat on the toilet. Haru always had issues with holding her poop in, while it never got too extreme as she almost always had access to a toilet, it did create some close calls. This did have its own upside, that being how she could almost instantly go whenever she got to a toilet.

“Ahh…” Haru breathed a sigh of relief as she released everything stored inside her, it all came rushing out of her fast. Haru’s diet involved a lot of fruit and vegetables, home grown all by herself, which meant her diet also had a lot of fibre, she also had a pretty large appetite, meaning she was pushing out a lot.

After a minute of pushing, Haru noticed that the toilet bowl was filled to the brim. In a panic she stood up and saw the toilet on the verge of overflowing. She flushed it once to try and fix it, which only made the situation worse as the water started filling up, barely avoiding overflowing.

“Oh no…” she whispered to herself, there was no way she could fix this, they’d need a plumber to come in, which weren’t available during the night. Even worse, she still felt a lot inside her and it was trying to escape. Haru clenched the muscles in her ass, calming it down as she pulled her pants up and texted Akira, asking him to come in.

Akira opened the door, and immediately had to close it to avoid the customers seeing or smelling anything. Akira looked at the toilet bowl, then back at his girlfriend with her hands gripping her ass. “What happened?” he asked

“I’m sorry, the toilets at my house are quite big and…i usually have big bowel movements..i’m sorry” she said while blushing forcefully. Akira walked out with her and put an out of order sign on the restroom door. Haru went upstairs to finish preparing for her meeting while Akira attended to the customers.

Haru calmed herself down, Getting everything set up just in time for the interview to begin. Which was difficult, twice she had to stop and relax her body to avoid shitting herself

9PM

“Hello miss Okumura,” the man on the call said. Haru gave a welcoming and soft spoken “Hello, nice to see you” as a response. The two of them got to discussing the topics for the meeting, for the first few minutes Haru felt relaxed, the discussions didn’t involve much conflict of interest, meaning it went through without issues. Furthermore, Haru also didn’t need to use the bathroom, or so she thought.

“We at Big Bang Burger would be delighted to work alongside your company, and-” Haru cut herself off as she felt a sharp pain in her stomach, in a panic she quickly brushed it off, continuing to talk in a professional manner to avoid the man realising something is off. “And…I-I would also like to have further discussions with you should they be needed”. The man began talking as Haru tried to relax. Which was growing more difficult as her body was desperate to remove all the waste built up inside her.

As the man continued talking, Haru had heard footsteps coming up the stairs. Akira must have closed up the store and was waiting at the staircase for the meeting to finish. He was also there to provide her moral support. While watching he was able to notice her small movements and could very easily piece together what was happening.

After 15 minutes into the interview, the man on the call had requested a few minutes to deal with some issues related to his family members. After he had left, Haru immediately turned to Akira who was looking at her with concern.

“Are you ok Haru?” he asked her.

“To tell the truth...i’m worried i can’t hold it until the end of this interview, i can already feel it.” Haru had to keep checking back to ensure the man didn’t return while she was talking to Akira. While doing so the grip on her ass had strengthened, she was struggling to sit still by this point.

Akira thought to himself for a moment before coming up with an idea. “I could get you a spare bag from downstairs” Haru stared at him for a moment, waiting for him to confirm he was joking, which he didn’t. “I-what? I can’t do that, especially if he comes back, Miss Okumura caught pooping into a bag would be a media nightmare”. Akira interrupted her, “That’s not what i mean, the web camera can’t see below your upper body, if you just stick your bottom through the hole in the chair, well, it might work, I can avoid being seen while holding the bag up for you as well.” Haru wanted to rebut what he said, but she couldn’t find a flaw in his plan, and given the situation she didn’t really have a choice. She Agreed and Akira went downstairs to get a bag as Haru pulled her pants and panties down, sitting in place on the chair, and it was lucky she didn’t wait any longer as the man had returned right as she did that.

As Akira came back upstairs, he made sure to stay low to the ground, basically crawling across as the other two spoke to each other, while doing this, he also noticed the turd beginning to push out of Haru’s ass, meaning he had to hurry. He moved into place, holding the bag up to her ass while ensuring that he wasn’t seen at all by the web camera. The moment the bag made contact with her ass he noticed her muscles relax. After a few seconds the bag began to get weighed down as she released the waste into it. Akira noticed the bag suddenly got heavier, likely due to a log breaking off and coming out, Akira thought this was it, only a bit would be left. Haru meanwhile, was trying to keep it all together, having to not blush or get embarrassed at all while continuing the meeting, when suddenly they both heard something.

“Well, that should be everything, it was nice talking with you Miss Okumura” the man seemed to be finishing the meeting early, perhaps the 30 minutes was just an estimate or maybe he had more family matters to attend to. “It was a pleasure talking with you as well sir, I look forward to our future meetings.” Haru replied as the two of them closed out of the call.

Akira looked up at Haru, smiling as this meant they could deal with the matter at hand much easier. He began to move the bag away from her ass, assuming she had already released everything into it, when he was suddenly met with a yell from her. “Don’t move it!”, in a panic he hastily put it back into place, and as he did that, Haru had allowed the monster inside her to fully release.

Akira could only stare in awe as massive chunk after massive chunk fell out of her and into the bag, making it so heavy to the point where he needed to use his strength to keep it held up. After 2 straight minutes of constant release, Haru had relaxed and stood up, walking over to grab some spare tissues to wipe up. As she did that, Akira indulged in his curiosity and peeked into the bag.

It was filled to the brim, the bag wasn’t particularly large but it was certainly big enough to not be filled up if it was anyone else. She definitely wasn’t exaggerating when she said her bowel movements were big. Akira tied a knot in the bag, carrying it outside leblanc and putting it in the garbage can, hopefully the garbage collectors wouldn’t notice anything with it when they come to collect it.

He returned to the building as Haru threw the toilet paper into the toilet bowl, the two of them began working on a way to unclog the toilet, Sojiro would almost certainly question them if they left it unresolved. Thankfully, they had found a way to get the toilet unclogged, at the cost of it taking a while and needing several flushes. After everything was finished, the two of them went up to his bedroom.

“I’m so sorry you had to do all that for me” she said while thanking him profusely.

“It’s ok Haru…though, can I ask one question?” he said back to her, she asked him what was on his mind to which he asked her. “How was it so big?”

“Oh, that, it’s been this way since I was a child, according to a doctor it’s something to do with how my body stores waste, instead of just removing it immediately, it builds up until filled” she told him.

“Is that not dangerous?” he asked, his voice slightly panicked with worry for her.

“Oh no, it shouldn't cause any extra harm to me, it just makes going to the bathroom rather difficult.” she explained, he accepted the explanation as the two of them figured out how to spend their night together, having a nice meal followed by sharing a bed as they slept.

