Teacher puts student in diapers for bedwetting

Author: Bunny7man

*000*2024-08-02 15:17

Another entirely self-indulgent bit of fiction writing for my own fantasies!

I couldn't find any fiction of forced diapering due to bedwetting- please lemme know if there is some already.

Maybe someone else will enjoy too 😁

###

Scarlett was in her final year of sixth form at her all-girls private school, and on a trip to Italy with her A-level Italian class to practice their skills before their exams. She was 18, had brown eyes and thick, wavy brown hair, and her friends called her 'the Pocket-Rocket' due to her being just 5ft 2 but the fastest on her hockey team.

The only non-students on the trip were their lovely Italian teacher, Miss Guest, a woman in her late 40s and with the beautiful olive skin inherited from her Italian father, and the school netball coach, Mrs Frederick, who had eagerly answered the call for staff to help with the trip.

They were staying in a hotel, not a posh one, but clean and comfortable and the girls had been delighted to discover they each had their own room (although still had to share bathrooms).

They had flown in late the previous day, and all gone straight to bed after checking in, in order to get a good night's sleep before starting to explore the gorgeous city of Florence.

However, when Scarlett awoke that morning, her excitement switched rapidly to panic as she felt a horrible wetness around her butt and the backs of her thighs. She reached a hand down and felt the sheets- a big, wet puddle greeted her fingers.

Her heart jolted.

She pushed back the covers and turned on the light. She stared in horror at the large puddle around her in the previously pristine white sheets. Standing up, she twisted around and inspected her pyjamas- her navy blue shorts were soaked all over the bum, and her thighs still glistened with the wetness clinging to them.

She didn't know what to do. She had had occasional accidents in her own bed, but it was a hotel, what do you do when you piss a hotel bed?!?! She thought about covering it up, letting it dry and just pretending nothing had happened. But then she thought about if the cleaners smelt it and saw the stains on the sheets. What if they told her teachers, and what if they brought it up in front of everyone?!

She was panicking with the shame of what had happened and the thought of the other students finding out.

Standing there in her cold, wet shorts, it dawned on her that she would have to be honest, and she weighed up who would be the easiest to tell. She realised that she had a far closer relationship with Miss Guest, her Italian teacher, and also Miss Guest was always so cool and funny and treated them as fellow adults not little kids. Yes, she figured Miss Guest would be the most chilled about the situation.

She stripped her soaking pyjama shorts off, wiped her legs with a makeup wipe, and put on one of the skirts she had packed for the trip. Sticking her head cautiously out of her bedroom door, it looked like noone else was awake yet, luckily.

She quickly crept down the corridor and stopped outside room number 37- Miss Guest's room. Scarlett knocked and waited, her heart racing and her breathing rapid and shallow.

The door opened, and Miss Guest stood in front of her in her pyjamas of purple shorts and a white vest top with rabbits on.

'Scarlett', she said 'is everything OK?'

Scarlett felt her cheeks burning with embarrassment, and she fixed her gaze on the worn, grey carpet at their feet.

'Something's happened, and I'm not sure what to do', was all she could manage to say.

'Whats happened?' Miss Guest asked.

Scarlett continued to stare at the carpet in silence, the words too difficult to speak.

'Scarlett? What's happened?' Miss Guest repeated, the concern clearly audible in her voice.

'I've wet my bed', Scarlett managed to spit out.

'Oh...Oh right. Ok', fumbled Miss Guest, trying but failing to hide her surprise at one of her sixth form students having such a problem.

'It's OK', she said 'let's go and see what's happened' she added, grabbing her key and stepping out of her room to join Scarlett in the corridor.

Still filled with shame, and maintaining her visual focus on the carpet, Scarlett led Miss Guest back to her hotel room.

Once inside, Miss Guest looked in silence at the large, wet patch on the bedsheets, and then at the wet pyjama shorts lying crumpled on the bed. Scarlett stood, shoulders hunched beside her, humiliation filling her completely.

'Ok', Miss Guest said finally, 'we need to let the hotel know. They will need to change the sheets and clean up, and I will request a waterproof mattress cover for the rest of your stay. I will ask them to wash your pyjamas too.'

'Ok', mumbled Scarlett.

'It's probably just the exhaustion from the journey, and maybe the change in scene', continued Miss Guest, 'don't worry about it. Just go and get showered and ready for the day, leave your pyjamas on the bed here and everything will be sorted whilst we are out today.'

Scarlett felt herself relax a little, glad at how nice Miss Guest was being and that everything would be taken care of for her. Miss Guest's reassurance was comforting, and she was glad she had owned up and that the other students wouldn't find out.

It probably was just tiredness, she soothed herself, feeling her embarrassment ease and her excitement for the trip returning.

Miss Guest left the room to talk to the hotel staff, and Scarlett grabbed her washing things and headed to the bathroom to get showered and ready to go out into the city as planned.

*003*2024-08-04 18:56

That night, after a wonderful day out with the class, including visiting the cathedral and testing their Italian at the market and in the restaurant for dinner, Scarlett climbed into bed and fell asleep.

The next morning, she was woken by knocking at her door. Unsure if she was dreaming or not, she kept her eyes closed and ignored it. After a few seconds, there was knocking again. Realising that it was definitely real, Scarlett rolled onto her side and reached over to turn on the light. As she did so, she felt a coolness on her thighs, and that the front of her pyjama shorts were wet and clung to her. She lifted the duvet back and her stomach twisted at the sight of the large pool of drying uring in the sheets.

Then she heard a 'click' and saw the door handle to her room move. She quickly dropped the duvet cover back down over her as the door slowly opened. Thinking that someone from the hotel staff was coming in, she went to shout out to them not to, but before she could she heard Miss Guest's voice as she emerged around the door-

'Don't worry, it's just me.' Miss Guest entered the room, holding a key card aloft, 'I've got a Master Key to all your rooms, for safety', she explained. She closed the door behind her and walked over to Scarlett, sitting up in bed, duvet still clamped over her lower half.

'I just wanted to come and see how you got on last night?' Miss Guest said, smiling.

Scarlett stared at the bottom of the wardrobe door, not able to look Miss Guest in the eyes, and lifted back the duvet revealing what she had done.

'Oh dear', said Miss Guest, a mixture of sympathy but also slight frustration in her voice. 'You've wet the bed again, and badly so- everything is really soaked.'

Scarlett flushed red.

'OK', continued Miss Guest, 'wrap a towel around yourself and go and get showered and dressed. Put your pyjamas on the bed when you're done and I will talk to the hotel again about getting everything washed.'

'OK', mumbled Scarlett.

###

At the end of that day out and about the town, Scarlett got ready for bed feeling extremely anxious about another accident through the night, especially after sensing that Miss Guest was a little frustrated with her.

As she climbed into bed, the door opened and Miss Guest walked in carrying a plastic bag.

She walked over to Scarlett and sat on the edge of the bed.

'How are you?' She asked Scarlett gently.

'Good thank you, today was great', Scarlett replied, trying to pretend she didn't know why Miss Guest was here talking to her now.

'Yes it really was,' agreed Miss Guest. She just sat calmly, smiling at Scarlett, waiting for her to speak.

Scarlett realised that they were going to have to talk about the bed wetting, and actually she wanted to unburden herself of some of her anxiety and hear Miss Guest's reassuring words again-

'I mean, I'm really worried about going to sleep tonight.' she managed.

'I know,' replied Miss Guest kindly, 'Look, while we were out today, I went to the pharmacy and got these diapers' She took a single, folded, adult diaper out of the bag, and held it out between them.

'These things do happen to people, you aren't the first adult to struggle with this by any means. People find ways of managing it so that they don't get lots of extra worry and stress from it all. A lot of adults who wet the bed use diapers for it' she continued

'I think we need to put you in them for this trip, to protect the bedding and everything, and save the hotel staff from the extra work. That might help you feel less worried too', she finished.

Scarlett looked at the diaper, the humiliation at the thought of wearing it saturating her brain. Then she thought about what Miss Guest had said about the hotel staff, the guilt she had had the past two mornings by them having to clean and dry her bedding, and her desire to please Miss Guest.

'Alright', she said quietly.

*004*2024-08-05 20:07

Miss Guest stood and turned to face Scarlett on the bed-

'OK, slip your shorts off and lie down flat on the bed. I'll put this on you and then it will be all done and we can go to bed.'

Her cheeks burning, and eyes fixed firmly on the ceiling, Scarlett wriggled out of her pyjama shorts and lay on her back, her knees bent and feet flat on the bed.

Miss Guest unfolded the diaper and lay it between Scarlett's thighs.

'Lift your bum up', she instructed, and Scarlett pushed her hips upwards so Miss Guest could slide the diaper underneath her.

'OK, back down'. Scarlett lowered her bum down, feeling it sink into the softness of the diaper.

Miss Guest lifted the front of the diaper over, and held it in place on the front of Scarlett's pelvis whilst she taped it closed.

'There, that looks pretty good to me!' She said, smiling with satisfaction at her work.

'Now any accidents in the night will be nicely contained and you won't wake up in a wet bed.'

'Thank you', Scarlett replied.

Miss Guest picked up the empty carrier bag and left the room.

Alone in her room, Scarlett inspected her new sleep-wear. Most of the diaper was OK-there were pretty swirly designs on it, and it felt and looked OK around the top. But between her legs the padding was bulky and stuck out, making her feel embarrassingly toddler-like.

She pulled her pyjama shorts over the diaper, and curled up in bed, acutely aware of the extra cushioning around her genitals. Eventually though, her thoughts settled and sleep came to her.

*005*2024-08-05 20:57

The following morning dawned, and Scarlett was again woken by knocking at her door. But this time there was no pause for any response, the door immediately opening and Miss Guest coming into her room.

'How are you doing this morning?' She asked brightly.

'Good thank you', Scarlett answered, sitting sleepily up in bed.

'Are you wet today?' Miss Guest questioned.

Scarlett directed her focus to her vuvla. As she had sat up, she had noticed a damp, squishy feeling to the diaper which hadn't been there last night. She quickly closed her thighs together a few times under the duvet, confirming that the diaper was more swollen between her legs.

'No', Scarlett lied.

But to her surprise, Miss Guest reached over and pulled the duvet cover back off her. She reached a hand to the padding between Scarlett's legs and patted it gently twice and gave it a small squeeze.

'Oh Scarlett, yes you are, this diaper is full', Miss Guest exclaimed.

Scarlets blushed, but was at least relieved Miss Guest didn't seem annoyed.

'Well the bed seems to be dry at least, so that's good. The diaper did its job'.

'So in terms of getting you out of it, I thought perhaps you would prefer for me to take it off in here, rather than you having to go to the bathroom if the other girls might be there?'

It had occurred to Scarlett with significant apprehension that she might be expected to go to the bathroom that morning wearing the diaper, risking any of the other students finding out.

'Yes, that would be better', she replied, gratefully.

'OK', said Miss Guest cheerily, 'I'll take it off and quickly clean you up then you can put your shorts back on and go and get ready'.

Scarlett took her pyjama shorts off and lay back in the bed, while Miss Guest laid a towel under her bum and between her legs.

She untaped the diaper, and opened it downwards, then produced a pack of wet wipes and began cleaning the creases of Scarlett's legs and the front of her crotch.

She got a fresh wet wipe and cleaned her labia, but when she started wiping over her vagina and urethra, Scarlett was shocked to suddenly feel pee flowing from her onto the open, used diaper beneath her. It must have lasted just 2 seconds, but she was horrified.

'I'm so sorry', she cried

'That's OK', eased Miss Guest, 'at least it was in the old diaper!'

'Do you think you are finished?' She continued

'Yes' Scarlett answered as a reflex before actually thinking, 'actually...erm...maybe not, no'

'You may as well finish then, so I can clean you up and avoid any leaks when you put your pyjama shorts back on.'

Scarlett looked down at the top of her labia and the diaper beneath her, and pushed through her bladder.

A stream of pee came out, arching away from her slightly with the force of it, and splashing into the soggy diaper. Miss Guest watched the flow until it tailed off, the last bit of the stream running over Scarlett's vagina and between her buttocks.

'All done?'

'Yes' Scarlett confirmed, her cheeks flushing at the situation.

'Good girl.' Miss Guest cleaned Scarlett again, before asking her to lift her bum up so she could clean her buttocks. She removed the wet diaper from under her and folded it up and put it in a carrier bag, the handles of which she then tied together.

'Alright then?' She smiled at Scarlett, who returned the gesture.

'Let's go and get ready and see what today brings!'

