Natalie's embarrassing trip to the gym

Author: Bomber27

*000*2025-07-15 17:29

Warning: includes messing

(I'll write a wetting story next in the spirit of the website)

[Main subject Natalie is a 26 year old thin white girl with dirty blonde hair and freckles, in good shape from going to the gym regularly]

Natalie was headed to the gym drinking a new kind of pre workout shake she'd been meaning to try from an ad she saw. She arrived and signed in, and headed to the locker room to get ready in her light gray Adidas workout leggings with the black vertical stripes up the side of her leg, and a black sports bra. She headed out and hit the treadmill first.

She had been on the treadmill for about 20 minutes and had moved on from inclined walking to a brisk jog, when she began to feel a twinge in the pit of her stomach. She ignored it at first, assuming it was a BM brewing from her pre workout, and then she began thinking about taking a bathroom break once she hit her 8-10 mile goal on the treadmill. She was only around mile 3.

Natalie got another 2 miles or so when she got another twinge in her stomach, more severe than the first one, and it caused chills to wash down her spine and she broke out in goosebumps. She quickly stopped the tread mill and stood still for a moment, hoping for the feeling to pass the way the first one did. Instead her tummy rumbled and gurgled ominously, and she was suddenly hit with an emergency need for the toilet. She felt like she was going to have diarrhea, and she groaned a little and held her tummy with one hand and frantically went to wipe down her machine for the next person before heading to the bathroom. It was the right thing to do, but it would cost her.

As she began heading to the bathroom, she could barely move quickly and was desperately trying to keep her cheeks clenched, walking with an awkward bounce in her step as she struggled to keep from turtle heading in her underwear. With each desperate step her body tried harder to push, and she felt as though the bathroom was just getting further and further away. An unsettling thought crossed her mind, "what if i don't make it?" as she looked around at the crowded gym and began to imagine the humiliation if she had an accident. She became even more determined to make it, repeating over and over to herself "please make it please make it, hold it hold it hold it".

Natalie's tummy started cramping badly when she was about 10 feet from the locker room. It was so uncomfortable that she had to stop in her tracks just inside the corridor that had the mens and womens locker rooms at each end, and she was squeezing her cheeks as firmly as possible and standing up straight and rigid, desperately fighting the urge to push and praying that the wave of pressure would subside.

But it was too late for poor Natalie. Those few seconds of wiping down her machine made all the difference. She hobbled forward trying to get to the locker room entrance, when she couldn't bear it any longer and lost control of herself.

First, a semi firm log rapidly pushed its way out, nestled into her underwear and tented out the seat of her leggings with a loud crackling fart. Before she could even process what was happening, it was quickly followed up with a torrent of pure mush that filled in around the log, making the bulge significantly bigger and causing it to sag a little. It stained through her underwear and leggings, turning the bulge a wet, dark gray color that slowly turned brown. She continued messing herself for several seconds, with intermittent flatulence to give away what she was doing.

The entire time she was standing there going in her pants, other people were walking past going into either one of the locker rooms, and it was obvious what was going on. Passersby gave her looks of pity or surprise and rushed on, and some women made comments like "oh no!" And "oh my God that poor girl." One woman asked her if she was ok and needed help, and Natalie just anxiously shook her head no and waved her away.

By the time the explosion was finally over, Natalie stood with her back to the wall in shock, overcome with conflicting, strong feelings of utter relief and total humiliation. She hung her head in shame and waddled the rest of the way to the toilet with her face even redder than it was from working out. She was shaking and felt almost catatonic. She quickly locked herself in a stall and stood there in disbelief.

She didnt even know where to begin. She was scared to pull her leggings down, expecting mush to fall and spread everywhere if she did, making an even worse mess. She made the decision to just deal with her accident at home, since she didn't want to get her poop all over the gym locker room or showers as she cleaned herself up. She waited until the room sounded quiet, and waddled out to her locker, getting out a sweatshirt to tie around her waist and hide her bottom. She swallowed her pride and made the waddle of shame to her car, hearing a few people mutter things to each other like "that really sucks!" And "thats the girl who pooped her pants." Her eyes welled with tears, but she maintained her composure.

When she got to the car, she faced the reality that she'd be sitting in her mess the whole way home. She opened her gym bag and got out a towel, and also got some reusable shopping bags out of her trunk and lined the seat with a protective layer. She winced as she got in the car and carefully sat down, feeling the warm mush squish under her butt and spread between her legs and up towards her back. She felt so gross, and drove home with her windows down to mitigate the powerful stench.

When she made it home, her heart sank as she saw her boyfriend's car outside. She wasnt expecting him until later that evening, but he must have gotten off of work early. She sat in her car nervously and tried to think if there was a way to get inside and past her boyfriend without him noticing her accident. Instead she knew she'd have to face the music.

When she walked inside, her boyfriend was right in the living room waiting for her, and he turned and said "Hey babe." He took one look at her face and said "what's wrong?" She just started to cry and stood there helplessly. He quickly got up and rushed over to her, and as soon as he was overcome with the smell he stood back and said "woah. Babe you stink!" She sobbed and whined "I had an accident at the gym!" as she burned her face against his chest and needed a hug. Her boyfriend reluctantly hugged her back and said "its ok! Its ok! Just go get in the shower babe."

She regained her composure and went into the bathroom to deal with her mess. She needed to peel her leggings and underwear down, and they looked like a crime scene. She was absolutely covered in poop from the base of her tail bone, all down the insides of her thighs and practically down to her knees, and as she predicted a lot of it spilled from her pants and got all over the floor. She was overwhelmed, but carried on and spent a long time showering and cleaning the bathroom. She threw her soiled panties and leggings in the garbage, assuming she'd never get the stain out of the light gray fabric. Besides, she figured she would never be able to wear them again without thinking to herself "I pooped in these..."

Once Natalie was clean and in a fresh pair of underwear, she went to her bed and buried her face in the pillow, hoping to just disappear or wipe the memory of what happened out of her brain forever. She knew for sure she'd never be going to that particular gym again after how many people saw her have an accident. She definitely knew she'd never drink that pre workout shake ever again! Her boyfriend soon joined her in bed to console her. She just bemoaned the fact that she couldn't believe she pooped her pants in public and said she was beyond embarrassed. He laid there with her trying to make her see it as amusing, and then hit her with an embarrassing admission of his own. "To be honest babe, im kinda turned on by this." She was stunned and didn't know whether that made her feel better or more embarrassed. But in either case, that's how Natalie found out her most embarrassing nightmare was a source of pleasure for her man, and she wondered if it might ever happen again...

