Anna`s Experiment

Author: BurstingStory 

*000*2019-09-04 21:00

Sitting in her biology class, high school senior Anna was feeling quite bored. She had only a month or so remaining of school, but was completely burned out by this time, and no longer wanted anything to do with school work. It was her last year of school, and she simply wanted to leave to go to college, having already been accepted to a small college by her house. Anything beat sitting in the dull high school classrooms all day. 

Anna was a bit of a quiet girl, she never really volunteered in class and sat at the back of the room every chance she got. Her appearance alone seemed to back this fact up. She had straight brown hair that stretched down towards her shoulder, to go along with her slim frame. She wore glasses that made her look a bit nerdy, which didn't help her popularity factor at all with other girls. Despite everything, Anna was a fairly smart girl, but found little reason to try in class. She received average grades most of her life, even though her parents were always on her case about putting in a bit more effort. 

However, in the past semester, Anna was completely zoned out. She had a D in the class, which was very unlike her, despite her high intelligence. With only a month remaining left of class, she had to bring it up, or risk potentially getting rejected from her college for not maintaining her grades. Anna did her best to try and raise her grade, but she couldn't bring herself to pay attention in class, and she did poorly on tests. 

However, there was one final project for the class, which was a very high percentage of the overall grade. The teacher was explaining the project that would be imperative for their grades. They were all assigned an organ in the body that had an important function. The students would have to do some project on it, but it had to be unique, and that was left up to the students. 

Soon, after the teacher rattled off everyone in the class, she called Anna's name. Anna picked her head up a bit and listened closely. "Anna your project will be on the human bladder..." The teacher announced as she rattled off the rules of the project. "And to finish...this project is 10 percent of your overall grade for the class...so do keep that in mind." She cautioned as the bell rung for the end of the day. Anna got up and followed the herd out as she got in her car and drove home. 

Anna returned home and she went up to her room. She set her backpack down and laid down on her bed, wondering what to do for her project. It was nagging her as she had no idea what to do for it. The human bladder? What was she supposed to do with that? She thought for a while, laying on her bed while trying to think of ideas of what to do. As she got up to go to the bathroom, an idea suddenly sprouted in her head. 

What if she did an experiment that would test how long she could her bladder, and report her findings? It sure sounded weird, but it was certainly creative and Anna was positive that nobody would think of anything similar. She thought over it briefly, and decided on it. She went to the bathroom to secure an empty bladder and started gathering her materials. It would certainly be an interesting night. 

A few minutes later, Anna returned with her supplies for her experiment. She had several bottles of water, a towel and her laptop. She planned to record how much she drank, how long she had been holding for, and how she felt as she held. She had no idea how long this would last, but she was determined to make it count. As the hour hand reached six, Anna started to drink her first bottle, and her experiment started. 

(This was just an idea that popped in my head today, and I decided to write a brief starter. If you guys enjoy it enough, I'll continue. Let me know what you think!) 

*012*2019-09-06 17:26

As Anna drank, she started her stopwatch on her phone for her experiment. She guzzled most of the first bottle down in a very short period of time, wanting this to get started right away. She took a brief moment to catch her breath, not wanting to drink too quickly and risk getting sick, which would ruin her entire experiment. 

Anna had no idea how long this experiment would last, it was all dependent on how large her bladder was. She never put any thought into how large it was, she was usually quick to empty it whenever she had the chance, and never really had any reason to hold her pee in for an extended period of time. This was the first time in her life she was holding in her pee intentionally, and Anna was quite curious on how it would turn out, even on a personal level. It would be a weird feeling, but there was a potential that she would maybe enjoy it. 

Anna continued laying down in bed, on her phone for the time to pass. It was around 6:30 when she sat up slightly to finish up her bottle, tossing it in the recycling bin in her room. She still felt absolutely nothing in her bladder, and she took the time to completely relax and unwind after the school day. She texted a few of her friends, letting them know that she was just relaxing in her room, but she refrained from informing them of her little experiment that was ongoing. 

Soon, her alarm on her phone went up and Anna went to log down what she felt. She had several columns that she organized previously. It was to help organize her findings for submitting her project. Anna listed the columns: Water consumed, Desperation Level out of 10, and Other Comments. 

Anna listed her desperation level as a 1/10, barely feeling anything, and typed that she consumed half a liter of water. She had virtually nothing else to say, being a bit bored. However, as the next time to drink rolled around, Anna picked up two water bottles. She quickly consumed one, and waited a few minutes before quickly consuming the other. She wanted to intensify the experience, and decided to start drinking two bottles for each hour. After all it would make the experiment go a bit quicker, as she didn't want to stay up the entire night for a project. 

Anna continued to rest and relax, wasting the time away with no other assignments to do. It was around 7:30 when Anna first felt the signs that her bladder was being filled. It wasn't anything major, but she could definitely feel the water she previously drank start to fill her bladder. Anna made a mental note of it, as she soon logged down that her desperation increased to roughly a 2/10. This would normally be the time for her to use the bathroom, but this was obviously not the case now. She now consumed one and a half liters she was waiting for her bladder to really start to feel the effects. 

Anna soon took the time to down her liter of water, and she was out of water bottles now. She was comfortable however and wanted to remain on her bed for a bit longer. She could always get more from the fridge downstairs. Suddenly, a large push came from her bladder. The slight urge she had suddenly became a lot larger, and her bladder began to push outwards, producing a slight bulge. Anna stood up and stretched her legs out, feeling her urge to urinate increase by that slight movement. She soon descended down the stairs, as she went to get more water. 

Opening the fridge, Anna pulled out four more water bottles, and turned to head upstairs back to her room, but before she could do that, her younger sister Maddie interrupted her progress. "What are you doing Anna?" She asked, looking at her with a slightly devilish smile. Maddie was a few years younger than her sister, being in only her sophomore year of high school. However, she was a lot more mischievous, and was always looking to get into trouble. 

"I'm...doing my science project and I'm a bit thirsty..." Anna made up as she attempted to head upstairs, but Maddie blocked her path. 

"Not so fast sis...I know what you're doing..." Maddie smiled wickedly and laughed a bit. "If you really are doing a science project...I hope you won't mind me...observing?" She laughed, knowing how her sister would likely react. 

Anna had a slight issue with being intimidated, and her sister was no exception. She found it hard to say no to her, in many circumstances, and today was no different. "Err...I...I'd rather you not..." She said hesitantly, frowning slightly. 

"Are you sure? You wouldn't want me letting all your friend know what you're doing...would you?" Maddie teased even more, as Anna gulped slightly. 

"F...fine...." Anna grumbled slightly as she started to head upstairs, just as her bladder was sending another large signal, letting Anna know that it wanted to be released... 

*018*2019-09-21 23:32

(The next part will be coming tomorrow, I appreciate the feedback and your patience!) 

*019*2019-09-22 23:00

Anna went upstairs towards her room, with her sister in tow. She had her water bottles, and was thinking of a way to tell her sister not to follow. She didn't want her sister to be snooping on her, especially with the nature of her project. 

"Don't you have other things to be doing Maddie, other than bothering me?" Anna asked her sister as she reached the top of the stairs. She turned around, as she glared down at her sister, who still had a smirk on her face. 

"Oh come on, you can't get rid of me that easy. Besides...I'm only watching. It's not like I'm participating in your little...experiment." Maddie spoke calmly and shrugged her shoulders. She motioned for Anna to enter into her room, which she did with a slight sigh. It wasn't ideal, but it was better than having her friends know about what she was doing for her project. 

Anna made her way back onto her bed, where her laptop and data were located. She checked the time, finding that it was exactly 8:00 at night. She opened one of the bottles and started drinking, much to the protests of her filling bladder. Maddie laughed slightly as she watched, getting some entertainment of watching her sister. "Careful there sis, if you drink too much you might have to go to the bathroom." She teased, laughing at her own joke. 

Anna rolled her eyes as she continued to drink, she soon downed the bottle and tossed it off to the side. She recorded her desperation for the previous hour as a 6/10 and had consumed two liters of water. She was certain that the desperation would increase, even without drinking any extra water. 

"So Anna...what is this...project for?" Maddie asked, as she came up to her, and hopped on her bed, with her slight grin, expanding across her face. 

"It's...it's for my biology class. I have to do it to get a good grade." Anna admitted as she glared down at her younger sibling, still displeased with her interference. "Are you sure it's for a class? Not for say...any personal reasons?" Maddie teased further, she knew that her sister would respond, no matter how embarrassing the question. She always enjoyed teasing her sister, and she knew Anna was too timid to try and fight back. 

"N...no...it's not for any personal reasons...why would you think that?" Anna said, a bit hesitant. She felt unsure, even though the clear answer was no. She tried her best to ignore her annoying sister, but she was quite persistent in her efforts. 

"You don't sound so confident sis..." Maddie laughed slightly as she scooted over towards her sister. "How much have you drank so far?" She asked, motioning over towards the bin of emptied water bottles in the corner. 

"Two liters...well...now two and a half." Anna replied, as she tossed her now finished bottle in the bin. She could feel the desperation building within, and she rubbed her lower abdomen gently. 

"I'm impressed...I never knew my older sister had such a big bladder..." Maddie laughed, as she gently pressed down on Anna's hand, which pressed into her bladder. "I'm sure that feels quite nice, doesn't it?" She teased even more, before removing her hand. 

Anna sighed in relief, as she shook her head. "Can you please stop Maddie? I'm trying to do my work." She protested, but was more concerned with her sister causing her to wet herself prematurely. She could feel her rock hard bladder, and her desperation was swelling even more. Anna knew that it was going to be hard to hold much longer with her sister interfering. 

"Relax Anna, I'm just playing with you. Besides...it's going to be fun watching you squirm..." Maddie laughed as she pulled out her phone and started to play a game. Anna was completely fine, the less she had to deal with her sister, the better off she would be. 

"How do you even know so much about this stuff?" Anna inquired, raising an eyebrow. It didn't occur to her until just then that Maddie seemed to know a lot about what she was experimenting on, almost to a point where it was slightly creepy. 

"I do my research." Maddie responded, not bothering to look up. She didn't want to remain on this subject much longer She secretly enjoyed holding her own pee, seeing how long she could hold for. Now, she could watch her older sister do the exact same thing that she enjoyed doing herself. Maddie just didn't want Anna to find out she truly enjoyed this sort of experience. 

"I don't want to know what that is..." Anna shook her head as she logged down her measurements. She was trying to focus on the data portion of her experiment but was finding it hard to, with her growing bladder. She logged her desperation down as an 8/10. Her bulge was growing, and she was squirming on her bed, trying to find the best spot that was comfortable for her bladder. It was begging for release, but Anna had no intentions of giving into her desperation. 

Maddie soon stood up and stretched, as she looked at her sister. "Mmm...." She thought to herself, watching Anna squirm around on her bed. She was slightly aroused by it, but she quickly put the thought away. Suddenly, she had a devilish thought pop into her mind. "I'll be right back." She said calmly as she left to enact her plan. Since their parents were gone for the night, Maddie could do whatever she pleased, and she intended to do so. 

"Thank god..." Anna thought to herself, as she popped open another bottle. She started drinking, but could feel herself getting a bit bloated and paused temporarily. She didn't want to get sick, and that would be a horrible way to end her progress. She wondered where her sister went, but she was relieved to not be bothered by her. 

However, Maddie soon returned to Anna's room a few minutes later. She had an innocent look on her face, even though she did something that her sister would certainly get mad at her for. 

Maddie had locked all of the bathrooms in the house, and the only way to unlock them was with a master key, which she had in her pocket. Maddie was excited to watch her sister squirm even more, and find out the little surprise she had in store. 

Anna resumed her drinking, and eventually finished the third liter of water she had. Her desperation was now at a 9/10, and it was near impossible to sit still. She hopped off her bed, and squeezed her legs tightly together, jamming her hands into her crotch. She bobbed up and down, as she looked around nervously. Anna could no longer focus, she was only thinking about when she was about to reach her breaking point. "God...I'm going to have to find a bathroom soon..." She muttered out loud, as a smile crept across Maddie's face... 

