Generic Hypnosis Story

Author: bestrapperalive

*017*2023-03-19 07:22

Well, it's been a month, and I've been procrastinating by writing other, more lighthearted stories, mostly not publishing them (I will eventually), and playing around with AI. After my rough draft, I just couldn't quite get the tone right for the end of this chapter and the beginning of the next one. In fact, I'm still not thrilled with it. I don't love the dialogue and I just can't quite nail the vibe - I don't want this story to get too bogged down in a sci fi drama plot, but it keeps trying to, and I keep having to edit it back down to keep things light and moving. Furthermore, I still only have an uncomfortably rough idea of where the plot of this story is going to tie up, and that makes writing chapters like this that are mostly bridge chapters more anxiety inducing. After all, no one wants to end up with a bridge to nowhere! But anyway, I decided screw it, let me just put out the damn chapter and see where it goes before this story gets totally covered in cobwebs.

___

“So, if for example, you’ve been out drinking a lot, is there anything you might try to be… more aware of throughout the night?”

“Definitely. I always drink a lot of water if I’m drinking alcohol. People are always complaining about hangovers, but they don’t even try to hydrate, it’s ridiculous.”

Amanda paused the video, and looked at Claire grimly. They were all sitting on Collin’s bed, with Claire now dressed in the somewhat oversized clothes loaned to her by Amanda, reviewing the video of her unique ‘psych eval.’

“Do you see where you went wrong here?”

Claire had her head in her hands. She had already had it pointed out to her for the prior two and a half scenarios that a well organized person such as herself should be going to the bathroom before a long car ride, a long movie, or at the end of a long movie. And a well organized, incontinent person (such as herself), doubly so.

“I forgot about going to the bathroom,” she mumbled dejectedly.

“Exactly!” said Amanda cheerily. “See, she’s learning already.”

Collin looked skeptical.

“It’s one thing to answer these when we’re shoving the answer in her face… She’s going to have a harder time actually doing these things on her own.”

“Well, one step at a time,” Amanda said, breezing past the doubt. “Now…”

She skipped ahead a bit in the video, which had kept going after the unofficial ‘last question,’ to where the tiny Claire on the screen was unknowingly pee dancing for her life.

“Do you see what you’re doing here? Do you remember what that means?”

Claire just sniffled. The version of her on the laptop had launched into a tirade, almost comically oblivious to the imminent disaster. As she stood there, exaggerating her ability to monitor her bladder, a leak had already appeared between her legs, and then, as she confidently asserted that she was done peeing her pants, that leak became a flood, and…

Claire looked away in shame. Every time she thought her situation couldn’t get more embarrassing, it found a way. First, she wet her pants in a crowded classroom. Then, she literally peed on her best friend. Then, she peed herself in a cab. And now, not only had she pissed her jeans right in front of a boy her age, but there was a high definition video of the accident saved on his laptop. At the rate this was going, she’d be seeing it on the front page of Reddit sometime tomorrow morning, and on CNN by Sunday.

“I think she’s seen enough…” mumbled Collin. Amanda seemed to have been hypercharged by the opportunity to finally prove that Claire was hypnotized, but Collin more sympathetically felt that she needed space to recover.

“I don’t know how much it can help to keep showing her this stuff… I’m pretty sure she gets the point, you don’t need to keep rubbing it in her face.”

“I want to hear her say it,” Amanda insisted, fiercely. “No more evasive answers. I want her to say, ‘Amanda, you were right, hypnosis is real and I’ve been hypnotized.”

“You were right,” croaked Claire, weakly. It was too much to repeat the exact sentence verbatim, but it was all true. There was no explanation for the mental deficiency she was showing that encompassed both the fact that she had become as clueless as a toddler in all things related to bladder control, and retained perfect mental acuity in literally everything else. It all made so much more sense in retrospect. If all she was dealing with was a bladder infection, or a nerve issue, there’s no way she would have handled difficulty making it to the bathroom by choosing to… almost never go to the bathroom. There had to be some biasing factor in her logic.

And why else would she have completely abandoned common sense when it came to preparation for toilet restricting activities? She wondered if she would ever have realized it on her own, without Collin teasing out the glaring inconsistencies in her thought processes, and recording it for her to see. Would she have cluelessly gone on wetting herself in perpetuity, never making the connection to her own behavior, until she ended up in 24/7 diapers, or a psych ward, or both? Her only consolation was that, thank god, the conditioning seemed to have managed to specifically target her bladder, and she was not going around blindly shitting herself as well.

“I really think you should let her go get some sleep, Amanda…” Collin opined. “You’ll both be back tomorrow… How long did you say it was between her cab ride and the, uh… incident in my room?”

“About 3 hours, but she was drinking coffee all day. I saw her finishing one when she got home and she was drinking from her water bottle after that,” Amanda rattled off.

Collin thought for a second.

“Alright… So, how about... Claire, don’t go to the bathroom for 2, maybe 2 and a half hours before you get here… And drink the amount of coffee and water or whatever that you would normally drink, but no more than that. I know this is painfully unscientific,” he sighed, “but I don’t really know how to fix that without more data… Hopefully that will be enough to where you don’t have an accident, but you need to go badly enough that I have something to work with for the reassociation training.”

Reassociation training. A confident, official sounding name for what was in reality a complete moonshot of a plan. By putting Claire into a state of hypnosis while she had to pee, Collin said, he could hopefully help guide her in reassociating the sensation of a full bladder, which she had been interpreting as a kind of heightened anxiety, with its actual meaning; that is, with the fact of having a full bladder. Would it work? Collin wasn’t sure, but having seen Claire’s condition with his own eyes, he ultimately agreed with Amanda that they had to try.

There was simply no telling if Claire would recover any time soon on her own. Still, even if it worked, it would be painfully slow. Claire would at first have very little warning between recognizing that she had to pee and reaching her limit, as the association would have to gradually work through less and less obvious levels of discomfort. And even once they improved that, it would be up to her to relearn proper bathroom preparation habits, or she would still run the risk of getting stuck with a full bladder away from the toilet more than the average person.

“So basically, I need to be potty trained all over again,” Claire had summarized glumly.

As she lay in bed that night, Claire turned this notion over in her mind, trying to make sense of it. What did that actually mean, to be potty trained approaching her 21st birthday? Surely the main difficulty of potty training was working around the fact that children are incredibly stupid, irrational, and lacking in self awareness. Given that she was none of those things, shouldn’t this be a walk in the park? And yet, just as she was thinking this, she was startled awake by the bathroom alarm, and realized that without it, she would have fallen asleep without ever going to pee. Would she have wet the bed, or made it till morning? How was that even a question? She’d never been a bedwetter. But she’d never had to rely on an alarm clock for her bathroom visits, either.

It had now been 2 full days since she’d been hypnotized, and, consequently, 2 full days since she’d gone a day without peeing her pants. As the third day dawned, Claire was forced to confront the fact that she was not going to get over her continence issues on any sort of condensed timeline. If she wanted to continue her education, she was going to have to do it with a reduced or entirely absent capacity for bladder control. A day and a half of missed class was already a stressful enough chunk of time, and there were no antibiotics or miracle injections coming to justify drawing it out any longer. She had only one class that afternoon, and it was a lecture. She wouldn’t have to interact with anyone, and could pay attention to how she sat, and who could see her. Perfect for testing out the diap… the protection. She wouldn’t allow herself to call it a diaper, because diapers were for babies, and she was an adult with a medical… er… mental… well, an issue.

In a private window on her laptop, Claire reluctantly googled the Abena M4, and found step by step instructions for how to put it on herself. As the soft paper slipped over the goosebumps on her legs and covered her privates, she felt a mixture of relief and terror - relief that, at least theoretically, she was finally protected from wetting her pants, and terror that she felt relief from putting on a dia… protection. The protection was unfortunately a bit large for her slender frame - at 5’ 7 and a bit over 120 pounds, she fit in around the minimum waist size recommended by Abena for the M4, something that probably hadn’t occurred to Amanda. She would have to hope that this wouldn’t decrease the effectiveness… not that she planned on testing it, of course. Regardless, it did mean that, to her chagrin, she was probably going to look even more unnaturally puffy than she’d hoped. Reluctantly, she held the protection up with her back against the wall, and taped herself in.

No going back now. She pulled a pair of spandex on to slim down the profile, exactly as Amanda had suggested, and pulled a pair of her loosest, highest waisted jeans up and nearly over the telltale white band. In the full length mirror hanging from her door, she tried every pose she could think of, trying to convince herself that she looked normal, and not like… well, a girl wearing a gigantic diaper under her pants. No matter how she fixed things, that pesky white line always found a way to peek out. The Abena rose way higher than she would have imagined, far up her back, and almost to her belly button in the front. Fortunately, it was late fall, and she was under no obligation to have her waistline visible at any point outside of her room. Resigning herself to this imperfection, she threw on a long, loose sweater, and matched the rest of her makeup and accouterments to the theme of ‘warm and cozy chic.’ With one last skeptical glance in the mirror, she headed out the door.

The weather had improved dramatically from the day before, and Claire relished the crisp air on her walk to breakfast. As she strolled along the sidewalks and grassy promenades of her campus, she was at first hyper aware of the crinkly chafing between her legs, sure that soon, someone would pull her aside to explain, hey, just so you know, you’re wearing a diaper, and everyone can tell. But as with anything, the longer this went without happening, the more acclimated Claire became to the risk. By the time she had procured tea and avocado toast and settled into a sunlit table at the outskirts of the student center, she was feeling better than she had at any point in the last 48 hours. Laptop out, she observed that the classes she’d missed had by now all posted notes on their online portals, meaning that as she’d hoped, all she would need to do after looking them over was swing by her professors’ office hours.

Scrolling through pdfs, cross referencing with her textbooks, and tuning out the babble of students swirling around her, she found herself feeling almost… normal. The sunlight was rippling off the sheen of her chestnut hair, catching the eyes of some of the male passers by, who snuck glimpses at her when they thought she wasn’t looking. Claire smiled. Normally, she didn’t need to be reassured that she looked good, but today… Today, she needed the boost. Still, when she stretched out her arms behind her back, and felt her sweater rising around her waist, she pulled them back quickly. There was still that peek of puffy white to be cognizant of.

“Claire!”

Claire turned to see the first real challenge to her improved mood approaching from her left. It was Ben, a guy in her outer circle of friends who had been in her Physics of Sound class to witness her complete bladder meltdown on Monday.

“Oh, hey Ben…”

Ben bounded over like a golden retriever, and sat down across from her uninvited.

“How are you doing? You feeling better?”

“Uh…Yea… Much better, thanks.”

“That’s great! Hey, just so you know…”

He leaned in, lowering his voice.

“No one’s talking about that thing that happened in class. We all know it could happen to anyone, it actually happened to my sister once in middle school so I know how it is.”

Every single composite part of Ben’s attempt at reassurance made her feel uniquely worse, and Claire gritted her teeth. It was almost impressive how the second half of his counseling immediately contradicted the first half, before topping it off by comparing her to an actual child. She would have felt more crushed if she wasn’t impressed by how clueless it was.

“Yea, sure Ben, thanks. I’m not really worried about it, just want to forget it happened,” she said, pointedly.

“Oh yea, sure, makes sense. Anyway, I just wanted to tell you that in case you were still feeling down about it. See you later!” He bounded off, oblivious to the destruction his pointless intrusion had caused.

Despite this vibe killing interaction, the rest of Claire’s afternoon went more or less according to plan. She had been forced to set her bathroom alarms to ‘vibrate’ and time them around class, but she still managed to react appropriately to at least one of them, rendering the protection as superfluous as she had hoped. By the time she got home, around 3:30, she was feeling confident enough to remove the Abena, and change into some more normal, form fitting clothes. Even though she would be purposefully going there with a full bladder, there was just no way she was wearing protection to her rendezvous with Collin. 

It was just too risky, too difficult to hide in a more intimate setting like that. She couldn’t justify it logically, but the thought of him seeing her in a diaper still flustered her more than him watching her piss her pants. A normal person could accidentally pee their pants, at least, occasionally. Maybe not 4 times in two days, but sometimes. Normal people did not, however, wear diapers. Disabled, incontinent people who had given up on hiding their abnormality wore diapers. If Claire was going to wet herself, she would at least wet herself looking good.

Uh… What? Wet yourself looking good? What the fuck does that even mean? And why do you care?

Why DID she care? After all, Collin was just some nerd who was essentially functioning as a doctor, treating her for a very unique medical issue. Would she have cared about a doctor seeing her in diapers? Well, yea, she would have, but she knew that she shouldn’t.

Whatever. She wasn’t wearing the diaper, and that was that.

***

“Oh… uh… hi.”

Collin stared, flustered, through the crack of his doorway, where Claire was standing unannounced.

“Hi,” she said back. “Can I come in?”

“Um… I… How did you get in here, anyway?”

“I just waited until someone let me in, this isn’t a prison. Let me in, come on.”

“Didn’t we… didn’t we say 6?” stuttered Collin, still thrown by the unexpected guest.

“Yea,” said Claire impatiently, “but I’m changing the plan. I’ve got some questions that need answering before we get to the reassociation whatever.”

“Is Amanda there?” stalled Collin, trying to peer around Claire.

“No, she’s not. Can I come in already? I don’t care about whatever anime porn you were watching, I don’t want anyone seeing me out here.”

It was a very rude thing to say, and Claire kind of regretted it, but it also seemed to work, because Collin shrugged and admitted defeat.

“Alright… You can come in, but don’t look at my computer for a second.”

Claire slipped through the door and shut it behind her, while Collin went over to his computer and minimized some windows. He was wearing gym shorts and a t-shirt, and it looked like he had just gotten out of the shower. His bed was unmade, and he scampred around throwing things out of the way as Claire just looked on, laughing.

“You don’t need to bother with that stuff, you know,” she said. “I get it, it’s a dorm room, I’m not expecting the Ritz Carlton.”

Collin still looked a little embarrassed, but he abandoned the nervous tidying.

“I was gonna clean up more before you got here… I didn’t expect you to be a full 2 hours early.”

“Sorry,” shrugged Claire. “I’d have texted you, but I don’t have your number, and I didn’t wanna ask Amanda for it because she doesn’t know I’m here.”

“Why not?” asked Collin, with some trepidation.

“Like I said,” Claire repeated, “I have some stuff I need to ask you. And I’m tired of her always derailing the conversation.”

“Well… alright…” mumbled Collin. He looked like he wasn’t quite sure how to feel about Amanda not being there to, in Claire’s words, ‘derail the conversation.’

Claire, however, had neither time nor patience for alleviating Collin’s discomfort. She got right to the point.

“So, listen. I did some research about hypnosis, and it’s not as much of a fake thing as I thought, but it also shouldn’t be able to make me… you know. Like apparently it really can induce a trancelike state that makes you suggestible to some level of prompting, but it can’t just completely take over your mind and alter your behavior against your will. So whatever you did, it’s different. Like, way different, and I need more than like, ‘your brain is a house’ or whatever you told Amanda. I want to know how this really works; like, how are you doing it, what is it exactly that you’re doing - And why is there absolutely no reputable information about it that I can find anywhere?”

It was a lot of questions, but Collin didn’t respond to any of them. Instead he sighed, looking away from Claire with a guilty grimace.

“See, I was afraid you were going to ask me stuff like that…”

Claire raised her eyebrows.

“Why? I promise I’m not going to be difficult anymore, you were right about everything. I’m sorry that I was so stubborn.”

“It’s not that,” Collin replied. “It just… would be… easier… if you didn’t ask…”

Claire blinked. She hadn’t expected stonewalling, and felt her face getting hot.

“Easier for you maybe,” she said, trying not to sound bitter. “I don’t get it, you couldn’t wait to tell me about hypnosis at the party. Now you’re being weird about it? Like, what changed?”

“Sobriety,” mumbled Collin darkly, kicking the air.

Claire looked at him with annoyance. For her, this situation was a potentially life-ruining upheaval, and she felt it rather trivialized things for him to reduce it to an inebriated lapse in judgment. Feeling her temper bubble up like a tea kettle, she took a deep breath. Shouting wasn’t going to get her anywhere. Collin was going to answer her questions, she just needed to find the right angle.

“Collin,” she said softly. “You hypnotized me so severely that I’m peeing my pants. This is not a small thing.” She looked at him imploringly. “You NEED to tell me what’s going on, like I have a right to know.”

“Yea, I mean, I agree,” Collin squirmed. “It’s just…” He trailed off.

“Just what?” asked Claire, bemused. “Are you trying to keep some kind of like, hypnotist trade secret? Because I’m not going to tell anyone, believe me. Even if this wasn’t the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to me, which it is, it’s not like anyone would ever believe me if I told them, ‘guess what? I got hypnotized, and now I can’t control my bladder!”

“Yea… I mean, I believe you…” Collin struggled. “But it’s still too big of a risk… We could get in real trouble.”

“Trouble? What kind of trouble?” Claire asked, perplexed. “I looked it up, there aren’t any laws about hypnosis in this state. Honestly I was… shocked that there are laws about hypnosis in ANY state, but…”

“Yea, I’m not worried about state laws,” Collin said quietly.

“Well, so tell me,” Claire implored him. “What ARE you worried about?”

Collin just shook his head glumly.

“I really shouldn’t tell you… I’m really sorry…”

He wouldn’t look at her, but Claire could see real conflict in Collin’s midnight eyes. As hard as he was for her to read sometimes, Claire was pretty sure that in this case, Collin was not brushing her off just to get rid of her. He wanted to tell her his secrets, whatever they were. But something was stopping him. Some unknown factor had him convinced that it was tremendously important for him to stay silent, and she needed to show him that whatever it was, it was not going to be enough to outweigh her need for information.

“Collin,” she said, with a bit of an edge, “I don’t know if you thought I was just going to blindly go about my life, showing up for ‘reassociation training’ in the evenings and just… I don’t know, not thinking about this the rest of the time? But if you did, you’re being ridiculous. This is going to be the most important thing in my life until I get to the bottom of it, or I’m cured, or both. So if you’re not going to help me, I might as well just get back to researching, cuz I’ve got nothing else planned for the next two hours.”

With that, Claire strode purposefully over to Collin’s unmade bed, plopped down, and stretched out as if she owned it. She would make herself as much of a nuisance as possible until Collin realized that he wouldn’t be able to get on with his life until he told her what she wanted to know.

Collin just stared, somewhat slack jawed, as Claire pulled out her phone and started flipping through the saved tabs, making a big show of pondering their contents.

“You’re… You’re not going to find anything like that,” he said, after a few minutes of this.

His face was blank, his tone impassive, but Claire could tell she was getting to him.

“That’s too bad. It’s really unfortunate that there’s no one in this room who could just answer my questions, so that I don’t have to scour the internet for the rest of my life,” she pointed out, with withering sarcasm.

At first, it looked like Collin was going to take the sarcasm on the chin, and continue holding out. But then, his expression changed. The tension in his stance dissipated, and it was obvious that he’d come to some kind of decision.

“Fine,” he said simply.

“Fine?” Claire beamed at him triumphantly. Too easy.

Collin did not smile back.

“Yes, fine. You’re right, you deserve to know. I didn’t want to get you involved, but… Obviously that’s not really realistic now.”

“Involved?” Claire said, somewhat indignantly. “What does that mean? How am I not already extremely involved?”

“There are levels of involvement,” Collin replied, without a hint of humor. “If I’m going to tell you everything, none of it can ever leave this room. You can’t tell Amanda, or your family, or anyone, ever, about any of it.”

“I already told you, no one would believe me,” Claire brushed him off. “Why is it such a big deal, anyway?”

For one of the first times ever, Collin looked Claire directly in the eyes, and the intensity in his stare caught her completely off guard. She’d always thought of Collin as almost like a kid, playing around with hypnosis and being scared of girls. Now, though, something about him looked much older, more serious, as though whatever he was about to tell her was incompatible with the facade they’d both been holding up.

“It’s a big deal,” he said, in a strange voice, “because if anyone finds out about your condition, you, me and Amanda might wake up tomorrow with no memory of any of this, and no clue why you can’t stop peeing your pants.”

“Huh?” Claire blinked. She didn’t know what she was expecting, but definitely not that. “Why?”

Collin looked at her with a faint smirk as he answered.

“Because the US government doesn’t like sharing its secrets.”

*019*2023-03-29 19:40

Hey, @ReyMisterio

, thanks! That actually means a lot, more than you know. It sounds like your progression of emotions with Claire is exactly what I felt when writing her, and there's no greater compliment you could give than what you said about the characters and thoughts and actions fitting so well. Obviously this story got a lot less 'generic' as I expanded it, the title made a lot more sense when it was one chapter, but, it's too late to change it now 😉

I promise I will eventually finish this story, thank you again for your support.

