In A Life Of A Celebrity

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-08-25 13:15

Mila woke up in her bed she wore nothing but a nightie with no panties under them. She woke up to find out that she had a massive leak in the bed. Mila felt the urge to have a shit so she quickly got out of her wet bed and made her way to one of her many bathrooms. She took off her nightie leaving herself bare naked with her sexy ass on the toilet waiting for her smelly load will come out.

It happened her turds came out one by one in a large amount and she smiled having the relief she needed. She wiped herself and put back on her nightie, Mila walked back to get changed in some other clothes than her nightie that she almost soiled in. It was quite hot today so she just put on a pink bikini and went outside to enjoy the sun.

She decided to drink some water before going to the beach, she walked down to the beach and all the other residents there were like saying in their minds “Oh my God it’s Mila Kunis!” She could feel a very small urge to pee but she didn’t need to go like now, so she ignored it.

Mila Kunis made her way down to the beach. She walked in the water to get to the other side of the beach to get to the sea because she was in the creek. Mila felt her pussy trying to add more to her desperation when she walked in the warm water.

She made over and sat in the sand for a while but she knew she would not be able to stay there for long because of her aching bladder.

To be continued

*002*2018-09-14 08:59

Mila could feel her bladder getting worser and worser by every time she sat there. She did know that she would eventually have to let it go but she didn’t want to wet her bikini in front of strangers walking along the beach. She thought of an idea, her idea was what if she sneakily walked over to were the grass is and kneeling on the sand and keep herself hidden. She immediately said yes to that idea because if she didn’t she would’ve done what she didn’t want to happen.

She got up of the sand and walked there, it wasn’t too far it was quite close to her. She made it and there was no leakages in her bikini too. She looked for a great spot to pee quietly without people seeing her do it, she eventually found one with only let one leak into her bikini. She quickly took off her pink bikini and was standing up with nothing but her bra on, she then carefully started to kneel down and landed with no leaks coming out of her hairy pussy that she forgot to shave.

She waited for it and then her last squirt of pee escaped her and she knew that the fun begins now. She waited there for a few minutes but felt like hours, she noticed someone left their digital watch near wear she had her ass near and picked it up. She looked at it and it was 12:00 PM, she got to the beach at 11:35 and from 11:45 she waited there for her pee to come out but nothing did.

She put the watch back and pulled up her bikini and walked away with only damp mark in the sand. She walked back to her house she didn’t get stopped by people wanting to take photos with her and made her way to the creek.

She got pasted the creek and walked up the steps to go back to her house, Mila looked at everything she went passed by but then the feeling came back. She panicked there was no public loos were she was now but she did the safe part and that was to hold it in until her house. She got closer and closer to her house but so did her desperation she noticed some loos were she was and immediately went there she just noticed that it was only one toilet inside for both male and female.

She went and opened the door to the females and noticed that it wasn’t locked she swung it open and what she saw made her almost pee herself in shock. She saw a girl in there probably about 21-35 who was going to have a pee but then start wetting herself in her white panties with a beret on her head. She must of got so scared that she didn’t recognise Mila and Mila closed the door she wondered if the men was in use but it wasn’t so she went in and had a look.

It was clean and not dirty but that she didn’t have to talk about now because all she wanted to do is not wet herself. But saw that all the toilet pipes were broken or bent meaning it’s not working. She looked down to see she was standing in pee and didn’t what to add to the pee stains on the floor.

Mila ran to her house to make it just in time she made it though and her bladder was feeling like it was press down to hard and is trying to get it back to it’s original form. She knew if she unlocked the door and went inside she would’ve pissed herself on the stairs to go to her favourite bathroom. Mila loves to hold her pee in and sometimes wet herself and hated if she had to go in public because if she did let go it will always be on the news tomorrow and she did not what some sexy female newsreader to talk about her little public accident.

So Mila saw the bins near the trees from her house And decided to pee there. She walked there and took off her bikini off just like before (half naked). She then waited and hoped it would not be like last time and it wasn’t. It flowed like a waterfall and felt so warm, Mila felt every tinkle coming out and finally her bladder emptied. At last it was empty and she opened the door with her voice activation to only be unlocked by her voice, she went in took off her bikini and lay naked on her couch with her phone and looked at what new ideas she could have when peeing herself in private.

