Persona 3: Agies

Author: Big Boss

*000*2019-05-03 13:53

Aegis had never known really any emotion besides the basic ones like happiness or sadness. But her time with her friends as they battled the shadows that threatened humanity helped her discover new emotion and feelings. From fear to even Love. But one was still unknown until she discovered a disabled option in a system diagnostic.

It was called "Human waste disposal mode." To which she followed the route of the program to find out it allowed her body to dispose of her waste in a human manner like excess liquid or solid fuel that had decayed and passed usefulness.

With an odd sense of curiosity she activates it and feels a new feeling in her lower abdomen area. A feeling of filling as liquid akin to piss began filling the steel container in her abdominal area. At first it wasn't bad, but a tingle came to her vaginal region, and she had rarely ever felt this tingle unless she was close to the guy (or girl depending on game =w=) she had a crush on. Arousal.

She bit her lip as she felt her bladder like receptacle still swelling at a steady pace. She felt her face growing hot as she went to grab her school clothes and got dressed.

Including panties, which she looked at herself in the mirror, lifting her skirt and biting her lip as she saw the bulge against her waistband. She let her skirt fall back down and started doing a childish pee pee dance as she had seen many times in the public parts of the local area like parks or shopping centers.

She gripped her synthetic pussy tightly which gave her an intense jolt through her artificial nerves, pleasure. She moaned as she kept gripping and dancing, whimpering a bit. After a few hours she just couldn't take it anymore, she was just too damn horny now.

She went back over to the mirror and saw her bulge was even larger. And with a nervous gulp she lifted her skirt to show her panties again, and with a sigh she let "nature" take over as she felt the hot liquid begin pouring out in between her legs.

Soaking her panties and causing her to moan violently and fall to her knees, drool dripping from her chin as she just had the most violent orgasm she thought she could without sexual intercourse.

Her artificial arms actually felt weak as she kept going, breathing hard and loudly as she looked in the mirror, seeing her wet herself like this after holding it for so long was...exhilarating!

She felt more alive than she had in a long time. It was almost like she could feel a real heartbeat! She definitely had to do this again. Or get someone like Yukari or Mitsuru do it with her. She giggled as she finished peeing and went to strip it all off.

