A Desperate Camp Out

Author: Batman007

*000*2019-04-09 08:53

Zoe was the most attractive girl at her high school, she was a bit fat but still sexy looking and had very thick legs. Zoe has a dirty secret that she keeps to herself and her friends, she loves omorashi. She loves holding herself when needing to take a pee and pees her panties a lot even know she is 17. Zoe’s kink was created when she held her desperation in while playing tennis and made it to the toilet but had no time to take off her panties so had to wet in it. She loved the feeling of her golden hot pee wetting the fabrics of her panties especially her pink Calvin Klein’s, she would always love to go in it instead of any other ones she owns. Her friends have the same kink that’s why she deeply respects them because they won’t tell people or male friends about Zoe’s dirty secret.

Today was a very special day because Zoe is going to take her four friends to go camping tonight. Zoe arrived at school at 9:30 and saw her friend Jasmine looking desperate for the toilet, Zoe quickly parked and rushed over to see if her friend needed help. “Hey Jas are you ok?” Jasmine said this whispering because of the students in public around her “No remember we were going to do the thing today. You know?” Zoe looked down at her and saw that her friend had placed her hands on her skirt, looking like she’s holding her flood gates. The two girls rushed to the girl’s bathroom to do the thing.

They took the first stall and Zoe sat on the toilet as her friend started do a dance and moaning softly.She then let go of her mini skirt and started to pee she felt great relief after her desperation ended. Jas stopped and Zoe ran to her car to grab spare jeans for her friend who just wet herself. Zoe came back and started using her phone to distract her from seeing Jas’s hairy pussy. Jas had made her panties too wet to wear under clean jeans. She was done and school would start in an hour so they quickly had to regain their friends and tell them the news.

Jane was talking to Diana conveniently just out at the playground just near the toilets. Zoe and Jasmine saw them and talked “How did it go?” Said Jane. “Um, good. She was really desperate and soaked both.” Said Zoe. “Great job girls, can’t wait for this camp out. Let’s be very naughty? Hmm girls?” Said Diana. “Yeah but what happened to Hailee?” Said Jasmine. “Oh Hailee actually soiled herself very bad and she’s probably changing. Said Jane.

Hailee came back with these sweatpants on her thick legs, Hailee looks a bit like Zoe but is not related. She looks very attractive but doesn’t have the exact same leg size as the pro wetter Zoe. “Girls I just did the biggest shit in my panties just then. I had to change so bad but it was very sexy.” The bell rang and school started, “Oh I tell you something about the campsite later maybe almost at the end of school.” Said Hailee.

To Be Continued...

*001*2019-04-10 10:12

So school started Zoe and Jane had to go together to their first class. English. The rest of the girls went already and those two left there. They started walking to the English classroom when the girls bumped into Izumi, who is one of the Japanese students. She also has a kink for omorashi but is very weird about this. She would always love wetting herself nude with her pissing on her hands and legs.

She was the fattest student there and her legs size doubled Zoe’s, she also loved having soiling herself only in panties or pants not naked. She didn’t speak then she was just holding her books and had this big hole in her jeans that you could see her panties. Zoe and Jane got to English early like always and sat next to their other friends there already. After her English lesson she had Maths just two blocks from here and had a toilet in the area for just in case.

After Maths she went to that bathroom and had a pee on the toilet and just remembered today was the last day of school. After that she went to the playground and chat and play with her friends, this was about the camp out and Hailee knew something that her friends didn’t , “Hey girls did you know that there are no toilets in the area where we are camping. Where do you think they go and do their business?”

“I don’t know maybe in the clothes or on the beach or even drive to the nearest shopping centre that would be long. They probably wouldn’t make it though.” Said Zoe.

The bell rang and the girls went to their lockers and get their books for third and fourth lessons. That was Science and Music, the periods were good and no one needed to go to the loo. Then the worst double PE, Zoe very much hated Miss Prince. She is very strict about her students going to relive themselves in PE unless they at least attempt what is being taught to the other students. On time Zoe desperately had to poo and had to willingly listen to get her privilege, this made Zoe have the biggest panty poo accident she had. She shitted five large drolls of poo in her white panties, she hated that day so much. Today was different it was running around the football field and doing tennis, Zoe was so good in tennis and also because it was the sport that gave her kink.

Zoe could clearly feel a urge to pee while running she just decided to hold it until she got to her house, she tried to not show the fact she had to go and was clearly seen grabbing her panty crotch under her flowing skirt. Jane and her other friends only saw her and they also needed to go and decided as well to hold it because of the teacher’s strict rules. Zoe almost leaked in her panties when she was versing Izumi (the weird Japanese girl) in a 1 V 1 tennis match. Izumi could be clearly seen by Zoe having an accident in her panties while serving the ball to Zoe it was humiliating to her and for Zoe trying to hold herself while Izumi was pissing.

The period ended just at the same time Izumi stopped peeing. Zoe managed to have no leaks and regrouped with her friends to her car. They all got in drove off Izmui with new clothes on watched them leave. All the girls were desperate for the toilet and so was the diver. Zoe doesn’t live with her parents anymore she lives in a house that her parents bought for her and her friends lived with her in Zoe’s big house. They arrived at Zoe’s house and everyone got out and ran towards the door with their hands pressed against their thighs and crotch.

Zoe opened the door and everyone ran in, there was a big problem the house only had four bathrooms and that meant that Diana had to go somewhere else. Zoe went first, Jane went second, Jasmine went third and Hailee went fourth, leaving poor Diana to either hold herself desperately or pee somewhere else. She chose to hold herself leaving her naughty side for the camp out and just then Diana felt her first leak and desperately tried to regain control. Just then Jane was done so the most desperate girl could go, when Diana plonked her ass down on the toilet her flood gates were probably the warmest of all the girls. All these girls have the same ass size as Zoe which is very big, her but looked like one of those sexy porn stars asses and so was her friends asses were the same all of them finished. They started packing for the camp out and they can’t wait to be naughty at camp because of the toilets not being there.

To Be Continued...

*003*2019-04-19 13:31

All the girls were finished packing and moved their bags into Zoe’s boot of her car. They all wore loose fitting clothes especially Zoe who’s shirt made her boobs stick out, she looked very sexy. Also very tight jeans and all the other girls wore almost the same. They went into the car and Zoe started it and drove off. She put on the radio and joked about if any of her friends needed to relieve themselves.

No one needed to go and the rest of the journey was silent and listening to good music. They were feeling hungry before leaving their town and had to stop at McDonald’s. Everyone had large meals with Coke that they wanted to hold their fetish in to keep them busy.

Zoe and her gang left their town and were getting there to their fun camp out. The car was now in the end of the city going towards the country turn-off. Jane felt a bit desperate for release but could definitely hold on for longer, she knew it wouldn’t be long when Jasmine would become desperate or Diana with her bladder problems. She would go a lot and more times than her friends even passes the queen of holding in piss Zoe.

Zoe the driver was then next to feel desperate, then Diana and then finally Jasmine, Hailee was ok she didn’t have to go yet. The car was now in the county the radio signal faded and Zoe placed a CD of Hailee Steinfeld (her favourite singer) there was a big problem their desperation doubled and needed the toilet soon. Zoe’s friends took off their jeans and stat in the back with their panties on, probably to see who couldn’t hold it anymore. They all felt their first leak and desperately tried to regain control, just then Jane screamed out it was getting worse for her she could feel it swelling up. They felt desperate every time after one song or two. Diana couldn’t stop thinking of her sweet relief earlier when her flood gates were the warmest of all the girls. They couldn’t wait until they could unload their desperation and of course being naughty girls at camp.

To Be Continued...

*005*2019-04-24 14:14

Zoe could now feel that she could burst if she kept thinking about her sweet relief while diving. The other girls were so desperate especially Hailee who was squirming in need of the toilet while her favourite Hailee Steinfeld song ‘most girls’ blurted out of the cars speakers. Her desperation increased when any mention of clothes or body was in the lyrics.

Diana kept fidgeting because her bladder was tripling after going over every bump in the road, Jasmine slid her hand in her hand in her unbuttoned jeans and holding her crotch of her panties. Jane was the worst her desperation was so bad that it hurt her so much and she kept crying because it made her hurt pussy and didn’t feel like any other holds that she did before. Jane couldn’t stop her tears it was so sore that it felt like she would die with a hurting bladder and she could feel the bladder getting bigger.

There was no rest stop until the end of the road and it looked like that none of the girls would make it and get to the campsite with wet jeans and the car smelling like 5 teenage girls had a big accident in there. Zoe unbuttoned her jeans and then had a great idea.

She drove until the road would go right and turn down there. When she did it was a dead end with thousands of big trees there and it was just convenient that she was driving this way. Zoe parked and spoke “Alright ladies, get out of the car.”

“Why” Questioned Jane. “Why, its our toilet stop, come on girls unless you want to piss yourself?”

All the girls got out and went behind a tree to pee. Jane felt so good and said “Oh my god, fuck that feels so fucking good!” Zoe let go and her steam was so warm and she said the exact thing that Jane said and moaned so hard. Jasmine had trouble unbuttoning her tight jeans but she got it and then released, they all swore and mentioned how hot it was. Hailee could not stop saying fuck, she bit her lip and put on her spare panties in her jeans pocket and pulled it up and immediately pissed in them. When she was done she put on her normal ones and dumped her pissed ones there. Diana also loved her sweet relief and cursed many times and started a mini conversation about who was done peeing, these become a game and Zoe won, the Hailee, then Jane, Jasmine and then Diana.

They walked back to the car to continue there driving it was 6:30 and it was getting a bit darker and soon at 8 it would be pitch black. Zoe started the car and drove away from the girls piss area.

To Be Continued...

*006*2019-04-28 00:41

Zoe was getting closer to the campsite and finally the girls could be naughty. Her friends were tired and feel asleep and then Zoe did as well, she had to stop the car on a side street and rest. Her friends woke up and noticed that the car wasn’t moving, so that meant Zoe is sleeping. “Let’s play a game and someone thinks of something that Zoe would have to do and keep at it even at the campsite. Whispered Jasmine. “I say that we take off her jeans and panties. Then she has to deal with her pussy being seen by people who we never met. Said Diana. Jasmine quickly and quietly move to the passenger seat and make her action. She pulled out her hand and unbuttoned her jeans and then quietly unzipped her jeans. She then pulled them off and then make her move for her panties. She carefully pulled it off from her legs and then took her panties off, Zoe was now naked from the waist down.

Zoe woke up from her sleep because it started to get cold outside and noticed that she was naked, “Why am I naked from the waist down?”

“Well Zoe it was a game you have to be like that at camp and not put your jeans or pants on until tomorrow morning.” Said Jasmine. Zoe laughed and knew it was no problem, she loves to be naked. One time she watched Brave and she completely nude and pretended to wank herself when she got bored. Another time was at Juliet’s house where she has a tennis court and played tennis, she played a 1 v 1 and made Zoe or herself strip if one of them hit the net and Zoe stripped completely, this was before Zoe was good at Tennis. Also Zoe sleeps nude all the time and loves it.

Zoe felt like a drink she said to Jane to give her a Coke and she did, Zoe drank it and then later something that would regret. Zoe started feeling desperate for a pee and immediately grabbed her pussy with her hand. Zoe’s urge got worse and worse, luckily the car was just outside the gates for the campsite and now Zoe could relieve herself. They unloaded the car and walked for a bit and they quickly set up the tent and Zoe ran so that she could do her business, she found a good tree it was very private and could give her enough privacy. She squatted down and then released “Ahhhhhhhhh!” It was so warm and Zoe enjoyed it, she peed a lot she had to hold it for so long. Just then some girl came over, she the same age as Zoe and her friends, she was sexy, she was very slim, she had brown hair and blue eyes, she was cute and she was also desperate for the toilet.

She couldn’t take it anymore she spoke “Hey how long are you going to take I need to go so bad!” Zoe actually finished peeing when she finished speaking. “I done”. The girl had a head torch on and could see Zoe ass. “Your naked!” She said while peeing. “Yes it was a joke from my friends and what is your name?”

“My name is Isobella and what’s yours? “Well my name is Zoe and I have a secret fetish do you want to know?”

“Let me guess peeing?”

“Yes in fact how’d you know?”

“Well I’ve got that too, I wasn’t all was skinny I was fat once and my sister who was so fat that she would get bullied by, so I decided not to be like her so here’s how I got my fetish. I was at the gym not school but a local gym, I was pumping iron late at night and I struggled to lift the weights up and I would keep myself hydrated to keep me going but I drank too much and I felt desperate to pee, the bathroom was took far from where I was and I knew I would’ make it so I kept getting myself fit and I just couldn’t hold it in I sat on a chair that I placed my sweaty towel on and started peeing on it and then I loved pissing myself or in my clothes.

To Be Continued...

