Lois Lane’s Desperately Night: A DC Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2020-06-13 22:02

“Hey guys, Lois Lane reporter for the Daily Planet here and I would love to share a compilation of my many stories of wetting myself. To have some background information on myself I’ve never had a fetish for this, like my friend Lana Lang, but I’ve had a few accidents at work and at home but it didn’t unlock that same potential as my friend. Today it was going to completely change...

It was 1 am in the morning I was sleeping in the Fortress Of Solitude with Superman like I always do everyday, but today was not normal. I woke up at 1 absolutely desperate to pee and I was at the verge of exploding, now some of you guys should be saying “Hey Lois why don’t you wet the bed? Problem solved.” Now I completely hate bed wetting and I don’t want to do that, so I jump out of bed quietly and go looking for the bathroom.

Oh sorry I didn’t tell you the full story, it was 7:00 PM last night Clark brought me here to celebrate my birthday and we had a lot of alcohol. Yeah I think you see where this is going, so we both got crazy drunk and I skipped using the bathroom at 11 and went straight to bed. So there’s the story, oh and another thing is that I love to sleep nude, so there I am walking own the long corridors of the Fortress Of Solitude completely naked and desperate to pee so badly.

So there I am walking to the bathroom, but for the life of me I forgot where the bathroom is and I don’t want to wake up Clark just for him to tell me where it is, so I just walk aimlessly and trying my best to remember after I ate dinner last night where I walked to. Just then I see it, I’m just almost there and at the same joyful moment I leak a bit, but I put it aside as I’ve made it.

I run straight for the door and I start twisting the doorknob and nothing was working, I twist it again and again but nothing. I whisper to myself fuck, fuck, fuck! I have to go so bad. I check the back to see if there is a secret entrance into it, but there no secret entrance, I have come with the terms that it was best to wet the bed so I make my way back to the bed with relatively ease and hop straight in and just when I’m settled down I explode.

I felt warm my hot piss erupt out of me and the bed increasing in warmth, it wasn’t too bad. Now after this I started having this happen regularly and it was fun and enjoyable. Within seconds of this I starting to wonder if Clark actually gets turned on by this and I hope he does because would you if you girlfriend accidentally wets herself on purpose for you?

As time goes by I ask him the question and he replied with a yes, I was so stunned by this as he actually loves it. Now we had so much fun with my kink after any interview or whatever he would make me wet myself on purpose. Now today was a treat because tomorrow we are going to get married! And why not celebrate it by going out the night before to a night club and dance the night away. Once we got inside my coke I drank for my dinner was starting to make my bladder tick. I was absolutely desperate when we were on the dance floor and this was because I wanted to have some alcohol first. Now when we were dancing I lost control and I made a huge mess, but Clark loved every inch of it.

After a long night we walked back to my car and drove back home luckily I only had one glass of wine. “Lois!” Clark spoke “Lois I think you should tone down on the public wettings, look you wet today and yesterday you wet yourself at the supermarket. Look honey I think you should get diapers to go in public.” Diapers? “Yes Lois, diapers.” So you want me to be like Lana don’t you? “Of course I don’t, it’s just my fetish, I loved it ever since the school camp where had to pick someone to sleep with and I picked Lana. Now she would force me to play with her and I never said no because I was intrigued.

So there’s the back story and at 2 am in the morning I couldn’t sleep and I didn’t think Lana could as well, then I told her that I couldn’t sleep and then she exposed herself because she couldn’t hold it in for much longer and I watched open eyed at this girl wetting herself in a diaper. Ever since that I love, but yes your sort of right I want you to have sort of the same traits as her, but not be like a copy of her and your not like her because she hates bed wetting.”

Once we got back to my apartment, my soon to be husband asked me if we should have a romantic fly around the city like we did when we first met and I accepted. But first I had to get out of this piss-ridden dress and into some cleaner clothes, once that objective was done I walked out and Superman was there smiling at me. I was only still in my lingerie when he did this and I went to continue getting dressed. As soon as I wore something that made me look like an angle, we were off! It felt as magical as the first time we met, we flew over builds, over the sea and flew around the Statue Of Liberty and it felt great.

Until midway into it, I was getting desperate to pee, but I didn’t want to ruin this moment and held it in. After flying passed the moon it was starting to grow, I knew I would not be able to keep it in for much longer, but again I kept it in because I did not want to ruin this romantic scene. When the clouds faded into the ocean, I found it very hard to grab my crotch if your boyfriend’s got his arm around your chest to stop you from falling.

As we passed the oceans I started to feel better and the pressure went away, but was we flew passed the work I really, really, REALLY NEEDED TO PEE. I couldn’t help it, I started to build up courage to tell Superman that I need to go to the toilet and just saying it now it feels embarrassing. I ask Clark about it and immediately says “No, you have to hold it.” And he was right I actually did make it we got back with only seconds to spare and then make the kill and succeed.

Now we hope into bed and then I told him the story at the Fortress and tells me that he purposely lock the doors to make me wet the bed. We both fall asleep instantly and I could not wait for the big day tomorrow!

To Be Continued...

*001*2020-06-20 21:57

"I woke up at 6 in the morning and I was desperate to use the bathroom, but I rejected it. I placed my hand on my soon to be husband's chest and I drifted off to sleep again.

When I woke up later on I found out that I wet the bed and I was so turned on by this because of Clark's fetish. Today we are going to get married and I was so excited for that, but anyway Clark woke up just a minute after me and walked straight for the bathroom, but it didn't matter if he took some time in there because I didn't have to go.

As soon as I said that started to have an urge to take a shit, but I knew that I'd have to make it because I wear absolutely nothing to bed so I don't want to damage the carpet.

He didn't take long, probably because I didn't have to go. BUT I DID!!! As soon as the door opened I ran inside and plonked my big sexy ass onto the toilet and started to defecate.

I spent a good time enjoying my street relief because I don't really get much these days, but I do love purposely wetting myself just for pleasure and it's mainly because I love the feeling.

We got ready for work, I don't want to bore you with talking about the everyday things we did, but once we did our everyday things (go to the bathroom, get dressed and eat breakfast) we went to hop into my car. ...................................................................

When we went into the Daily Planet we saw Lana Lang, Perry's new secretary, who was an old flame of my husband. He knows her story very well and remember every inch of it like it happened yesterday. Apparently Lana had a fetish for wetting herself and would always were diapers to pee in for fun and it's been so long to know if she's the same as her high school days.

She was dressed in a cool blue top and white skirt, as Clark told me once when you meet her you'll find out how naughty she really is. I was gonna to talk to you her, but then the sounds of Perry broke my chance. Yes Perry? What seems to be the matter?

"Well Lois, you see Luthor has escaped prison again. I sent Olsen to get some pictures and to help get a story for you, but he hasn't returned here yet. Please get him back because the Planet does want to get involved with him." "Perry, we'll help you, but maybe I think I'll get Superman to help us." That was Clark speaking so beautiful and so carmly.

He unravels the curtains where his office is placed and flies outside and transforms into Superman. Just then a power outage goes off and then all I hear is screaming and talking. Shortly after that I feel two hands on each shoulder and they capture me, I scream out CLARK!!!!!!! But it's too late, they got me.

Then all the lights come on and Superman is still hovering by the window seal and then he was spots me getting shoved into a black car and then flies after it. It lead him to Luthot's yacht where his been stationed.

To Be Continued...

*002*2020-06-27 22:06

“Crash!!!!!! The gates to the yacht was broken, the Man Of Steel destroyed it. Superman searched the yacht throughly to find me, just hope he could. Luthor had me tied up, my legs were spread out and I was getting very scared just by looking at his head. My body was trembling so much that I couldn’t sit still and top of it Luthor forced me to get desperate. I really had to pee, it was starting to get unbearable to hold on, but never stopped fighting.

I was getting feed up with my bladder that almost let go and I luckily saved it, but only a tiny bit splashed onto my panties. I really was going to explode there was no denying that, I looked on my side to see Jimmy captured as well. The door to this secret compartment swung off and revealed my soon to be husband Superman standing there looking so heroic.

He then walked into the room and said the line “Alright Luthor free Miss Lane and Jimmy.” “No Superman, I will not free them. You’ll never be able to stop my hidden bomb in the Metropolis Mall.” “Luthor you realise that you will kill millions of innocent people!” “No big blue billions of people will die!”

Superman flies up and crashes through the roof of the yacht and flies very fast to the mall, once arriving he scans the fertility to find that planted bomb. There he finds it hidden between the signs to the restrooms and a big pot plant, there he disables it by destroying it by his heat vision and then proceeds to fly back to the yacht.

“You’ve lost Luthor the bomb is deactivated and you will go to jail again.” “You’ve got me this time Superman, but next time I’ll defeat you!” Superman then turns to break me and Jimmy from our chains and he notices the wet patch on my pants, he snaps out of it and frees both of them and files out with them in his hands.

The Man Of Steel has once again saved the day......

A few hours later:

Today was our wedding day and so good, let me tell you about it. I had about five drinks of water because it was a very hot day today, which was something I should have mentioned earlier and when the wedding started I was so desperate to pee, but I kept it in. When the minister was speaking I nearly wet myself, but I kept it in, in a matter of seconds we kissed and a squirt of pee landed in my panties.

Then I made the kill I raced into the bathroom and then I found out I was in the men’s bathroom, but I was so desperate to go that I didn’t give a fuck. I raced to the urinals, lifted up my dress and pulled my damp panties down and I peed in absolute joy and it felt like I was in paradise.

My golden stream died down as Clark opened the door to use the bathroom and spotted me peeing in the men’s room. He went to one next to me as we both peed in harmony.

To Be Continued...

