Desperation Dungeon - A Multi-Part Story of Extreme Desperation - Page 5

Autgor: Bulge_Lover

*105*2017-03-11 16:34

{{37 minutes ago, Curiousanon said:

I'll admit that I feel like I'm the only one with a legitimate complaint about the most recent chapter, and that's how Kay reacted to the one woman having a husband.

I mean maybe I'm over reacting but it annoyed me just how unsympathetic she became. I mean if I ran some kind of strange business and had an employee leave on good terms I would have been happy to learn they got married and got to get a status on her. I just feel a bit strange about how she treated getting married like a phase or a sickness (sickness as in it being something negative you 'get better' from with time)

Also, speaking almost directly to Kay here, there's such a thing as BISEXUALS y'know, just because she acted lezzy doesn't mean that they're guaranteed to exclusively be gay.

}}

I've been trying to avoid saying it bluntly, hoping it would be clear through context alone, but Kay HATES men. Like, a lot. She can't comprehend why any woman would want to be near 'one of those horrible creatures.' To the readers, it isn't known what happened to her to make her that way, but it's an intended character flaw.

*111*2017-03-12 02:14

{{43 minutes ago, Curiousanon said:

True, I guess I just kind of read it the wrong way that I saw it almost as making her a bit more villainous/cruel, showing no sympathy for the poor girl who got caught up in her sister's weird past, and then laughing it off completely right after she humiliated her, and a bit of an assumption I tossed in the fridge also made me not notice the whole 'hates men' thing. I'd think most of the people on her stream (it did have a web stream I believe, and pardon the pun) would be male.

}}

She works with men as clients, but they're nothing more than a paycheck to her.

*116*2017-03-17 22:11

{{1 hour ago, John Madden said:

Hey loving the series, do you know when the next part will be released?

}}

Sorry man, it's gonna be a long-ass time. I have a lot of stuff to finish first. Don't worry though, I absolutely will finish this eventually.

*118*2017-03-25 19:59

{{45 minutes ago, molhado said:

I want to say that I absolutely love this series and I think it's the best fiction I've read here in a very long time. However, I got the sense you rushed the last chapter a bit. There were a number of places where you switch back and forth between present tense and past, and while this isn't a huge problem it just doesn't read quite as smoothly as the previous chapters. Everything else about it is really, really well done though and I'm looking forward to the completion of this series as well as any future projects of yours c: If you've any interest in it, I could possibly edit the last chapter to maintain consistency in tenses and message the edit to you. Please take this in the spirit of constructive criticism; I love this work so much I just want to help it be the best that it can be!

}}

Lol I apologize for that, but there's a reason for it. I'm working on another huge project which is written in a very different style than Desperation Dungeon. I got used to typing in that way and it's bleeding over into my other work. I try to catch the mistakes but I did miss a few. As for editing it, I could do it myself no problem, but I can't actually edit the post. The one thing I hate about this site. On Reddit and other places I improve stories over like, weeks. Here I need to get it right the first time or I'm screwed.

I'll be posting a remastered version of this whole thing once its finished that wont have these issues.

Thank you for your advice.

*120*2017-03-27 21:51

{{8 hours ago, Full bladder said:

How long you will be writing?

}}

Alrighty this is a message for everyone who's following this story: It's gonna be a REALLY LONG TIME. I don't wanna lie and say I'm actively working on it, because I'm finishing a few other projects first. Consider it like Season 1 of a television show - Season 2 will definitely come eventually, but you got a real good wait. Please don't be disappointed, as my other project is, in my opinion, even better than this one. As soon as I finish it, I'll be back working on this.

*126*2017-04-23 11:55

{{6 hours ago, Full bladder said:

When are you going to post it again?This thread looks dead to me...

}}

