Freyaэs not so normal day

Author: BlueWizard83

*000*2023-07-01 14:17

Welcome to Freya's Pee Adventures 1.5

Just for everyone new Here, the Girl in this Series is Freya:

- 18 Years Old

- 5'6"

- 120 lbs

- Blond Hair

- Blue Eye

- Tanned Skin

- Athletic Build

- Long Legs

- German Decent

It was a warm morning in mid May, even tho it was only 7:10 am it was already pretty warm. Freya was sleeping deep, but that would suddently change pretty fast. Freya woke up with quite a full bladder, needing to go quite badly. She stood up and walked out of her room, heading to the bathroom. Usually she would dress herself before going out of her room in the morning, but today was not a normal day. Both of her parents had to go to work very early and her sister was on holiday, so Freya was all alone today. After relieving herself she went back to her room. On the way back she realised that it was already 7:15 am, her bus would be leaving at 7:30. Freya wondered where all the time went, normaly her alarm would go off at 6:30, but today was really no normal Day. Freya quickly grabbed a white crop top and her favorite short red skirt out of her closet. She knew that it would be pretty hot, so this was really an easy choice.

Dressed and ready to leave, Freya quickly downed a glass of water before making her way to bus stop. Unfortunaly for her, time was not on her side. Even tho she walked like a mad-men trying to get there in time, she was too late. This was the first time she missed the bus in years. Her First lesson started a 7:45 and it was already 7:35. She knew walking to school would take at least 20 minutes, but now she didn't have any other option. Freya powerwalked the entire distance, trying to cut as much time as possible.

Freya reached her school at 7:50, while powerwalking her bladder had filled up quite rapidly. At the same Time inside the classroom, Ms. James went throu the classlist checking if everyone was here in time. Ms. James was Freya's least favorite teacher, she is very strict and did not tolerate any excuses. While this was going on inside the classroom, Freya made way to the classroom. She quickly glanched over to her right and saw the Girls Bathroom and stopped. She quickly thought about using it, but decided against. Freya was now standing infront of her classroom, thinking about her apology on why she was late. But at this moment the door infront of her opened, it was Ms. James, she asked on why Freya was late. Freya said that she missed the bus. Luckily for her Ms. James was in a pretty good mood, she accepted that apology and send Freya to her Seat. On a normal Day she would have been sent to the principal immediately, but today was no normal Day.

The lesson started and went by very quick, Freya's desperation grew quite rapidly in that time. She was sitting with her right leg crossed over left leg the entire lesson. Going to the bathroom was her biggest priority at this point, but Ms. James wanted to talk to her. Ms. James explained that she didn't want to stop the lesson because of her and that they would go to the principal and that she would have to come to detention later today. Freya was stunned, this was her first time that she had to come to detention. While walking to the principal's office Freya asked if she could visit the bathroom real quick, but she was denied. Ms. James said that the principal Ms. Walker was already waiting for her. Eventually they reached the office.

After about a minute Ms. Walker opened the door and ordered Freya to sit down. Freya was scared, this was the first time she was send to the principal's office. Ms. Walker was a very strict and old - fashioned women. Ms. Walker said to her that she would not call Freya's Parents, because she was always a very good student. Freya was very surprised at this, but was relieved at this decision. But Ms. Walker added that Freya had to come on time for the Rest of the Day. With that order Freya made her way straight to her next class, which was Geography. Freya made her way to her classroom and sat down quietly. There we're still a few minutes left before her Teacher Mr. Taylor-Dawkins arrived. On a normal day, with her bladder being this full she would take this opportunity to visit the bathroom. But she did not want to risk another visit at the principal's office today.

Todays Geography lesson was quite boring. Everyone in class was doing anything but listening to Mr. Taylor-Dawkins. Freya used this to get her ever growing pressure under control. She slowly crossed her left leg over her right leg and placed her right hand between her tightly crossed thighs, while swinging her left over back and forth. Minute by minute she dug her hand deeper and deeper between her thighs. She quickly realised that this was not really helping at this point. She uncrossed her legs and started to fan her legs instead. But even that was not really helping either. She continued to switch between these to techniques for the rest of the lesson.

@@Unfortunatly for her there was no break between the Geography and the History lesson, that was coming up next. Her History teacher for today Mr. Ye, a chinese teacher, wanted to use this beautiful wheater to hold the lesson outside. Freya did like the idea, but her bladder was not very amused at all. At this point walking straight was very hard for her, she was walking as dead last at the end of the line. She used this opportunity to hold herself a few times, trying to keep her desperation under control. Outside the students stood in a one big circle, while Mr. Ye was explaining why they we're standing outside. While Mr. Ye was explaining his decision, Freya could not care less. Out of nowhere a big gust of wind came, Freya's skirt was lifted up bacause of that. She quickly grapped her skirt, before anyone could see her knickers and stuck the fabric between her crossed legs, she also used this moment to quickly get a sqeeze of her crotch, which felt very relieving for that moment. Unfortunatly for her she could not just stand there grabbing her crotch the entire time. Every Minute her desperation became worse and worse, she often turned herself away from the others to hold herself at the crotch for a second or two. Somehow the time went by super quick outside and Mr. Ye announced that they we're heading inside again. Freya walked at the back again, her legs where shaking and her left hand was now constantly holding her crotch.

@@Then it happened, a huge wave of desperation Hit her. She stopped walking, she realised that this Wave was very bad. She wrapped her legs around each other in a double cross and pressed both her hands very deep inside her crotch, but the damage was done. A small wetspot was now on her Skirt, she quickly made her back to class. She sat down and double crossed her legs to hide her wetspot. Mr. Ye announced that the lesson was over a that the students could leave. Freya was ready to make a mad-dash to the bathroom, but then Mr. Ye walked over to Freya. He invited her to come with him to detention, because he would be supervising the detention. Freya was now basically forced to go straight to the detention with Mr. Ye, before visiting the bathroom. Arriving at the detention room Ms. Walker was already waiting, with 5 other students, for both of them to arrive. Ms. Walker said that no one was allowed to leave the room and that they could leave in exactly 2 hours at 2:30 pm. Freya knew no one in this room except Mr. Ye, she sat down in a chair at the back right side of the room.

She knew the next two hours would be hard for her, Mr. Ye gave every Student one piece of paper and explained that they should draw something to kill the time. The first 5 minutes went by, Freya was sitting on her heel while silently moaning and rocking back and forth in her seat violently. She was now in full "desperation mode" she did everything to pee herself right then and there. Freya was quite creative with her desperation moves: Crossing her legs, crossing her legs while bouncing them up and down, sitting on her heel, Holding herself at the crotch and fanning her legs violently to just name a few. eventually she went back to the desperation moves she did the best. That meant double and triple-crossing her long legs while digging her hands between her super tight crossed thighs.

Now there we're only 30 minutes left, Freya's legs we're sore of the double and triple-leg crossing. She slowly uncrossed her legs and opted to just hold her crotch for the next foreseeable future. Not only we're her legs tired, but also her bladder. She noticed that her bladder muscles we're slowly giving in, she started to squeeze her crotch harder and harder every second. At this point she was holding on for dear life.....She would not pee herself in the middle of detention. Her legs started to fan very violently, while her hands we're holding her crotch a tight as they could.

Only 5 minutes remained.....Freya was now constantly moaning loudly and her head slowly turned red in embarrassment. She also bit her lip completely bloody, her time was coming to a end. Freya knew that she was only one big wave away from overflowing and tried the best to prevent that. Then the unavoidable happened, Freya quickly triple-crossed her legs and pushed her skirt very far into her crotch. But it was slightly too late... She lost control for a second twice. The wetspot on her skirt grew to the size of a tennis ball. A little tear ran down her cheek, she was fighting to save dignity. She would not be the 18 year old who peed herself in detention.

Then it happened Mr. Ye announced the end of detention, he said that he would quickly get his keys and asked everyone to leave until he came back to close the room. Freya knew that she could not stand up without peeing herself. Another huge problem Freya had was the huge wetspot on her skirt, she didn't want anyone to see it. After waiting for a few second she tried to stand up, but her desperation was too much. She quickly sat down and double crossed her legs in the process. She waited for everyone to leave, before making a second attempt. This time she stood up while keeping her legs double crossed the entire time and it worked. Now she had another problem, the second she uncrossed her double crossed legs she would lose it right at the spot. She quickly thought about her options......her only logical option was to pee inside the trash bin next to her, she knew she had only about a minute or two to finish before Mr. Ye would be back.

Freya couldn't wait any longer, she placed the bin directly under her skirt and uncrossed her legs. Before she could even think about pulling down her knickers the pee just came. Freya was so relieved. It took her a 2 full minutes to finish peeing. Freya quickly put the bin into one of the cupboards behind her and grabbed her bag and left.

With that her not so normal day came to an end.

