A desperate morning

Author: bunny

*000*2016-05-16 11:29

This is a winx club fanfic. Let me know if you liked it or not and sorry for bad english.

Because riven was always harsh against everyone brandon and sky had planned something for him. The plan started in the evening, they were watching riven if he was drinking much or not. They knew the rules in red moutain they had to go to sleep at 10pm and had to wake up at 6am because morning practise started at 6.30am. Morning practise was till 8.30am and then they had two houres free time for stuff they wanted to do. They had a simple plan and it was easy to do because sky and brandon shared a room with riven plus the fact that there was only one bathroom in there room. So if you needed the loo bad and the toilet was occupied you had to wait or had to walk to the other side of the building where there were other toilets.

It was now evening and they had 10 minutes before they had to go to bed. When riven went to the toilet brandon and sky set rivens alarm 15 minutes later than normal so he had less time to get ready for practise started, they knew he always needed 5 minutes for his hair and five for his clothes so he had five minutes for the toilet now and the fact that riven had bought his own mirror to do his hair in the morning. Riven came back from the toilet and changed in his pyjamas and they went to sleep.

It was 6am and brandon and sky were awake and they quietly changed clothes. Fifteen minutes later riven his alarm went when he saw that his alarm was late he quickly got up changed his clothes and began doing his hair. He was almost done with his hair so sky went to the toilet as planned before. Riven was done with his hair and when he went to the toilet it was locked because sky was inside. So riven went back to sit on his bed and crossed and uncrossed his legs, there were still 3 minutes left before practise started when sky came outside the toilet. Riven got up and walked to the bathroom but brandon was first and got inside. He heard brandon peeing and riven stood outside with his legs crossed. Brandon was done ,came outside and riven wanted to go inside but sky and brandon told him he had no time because practise started.

Practise started and riven knew he couldn't go during practise because the teacher was professor codatorta. Professor codatorta was strict and never let anyone go to the toilet. So riven had to held his pee for 2 hours, he tried to act normal so nobody knew his problem but sky and brandon knew. After one hour it was time that everyone had to drink a liter water because they had to stay hydrated. When he was drinking the water he crossed his legs together and practise continued. Practise was done and riven walked not to his room but to the other toilets because they were closer.

Brandon and sky followed him but he didn't notice them. They saw riven slowly walking and when he stopped his face was terrified. Sky and brandon saw the notice on the door that the toilets were closed because of a flooding. Riven had to walk to the other side of the building for the toilet in his room. During the walk they saw riven with his hands on his dick and when riven came to the door of his room he was searching for his keys but he didn't find them. Brandon and sky were watching behind a corner because riven had to wait for them to open the door. Riven was now standing with his legs crossed and by time to time doing a potty dance.

After 10 minutes riven held his dick with one hand and felt a spurt escape they knew riven was almost at his limit. Five minutes later riven had a little patch on his pants and tears in his eyes. Before helping him they took a picture of him so they never could forget this day. Brandon and sky came walking towards riven and asked him what the problem was of course they knew. Riven told them he needed to pee badly and begged to open the door.

When the door was open riven walked slowly inside and when he saw the toilet his need doubled. He walked to the toilet but he was struggling with his belt. After a minute he gave up and asked sky for hulp. Sky came inside and told him that he needed to remove his hands otherwise he couldn't help him. Riven removed his hands and sky was helping him but before the belt was open there were a few spurts that escaped him. Sky was done with the belt and saw that rivens pants had a big patch on it. Sky heard a hissing sound and saw that riven his pants were growing darker. Riven cut off his stream for a few seconds and pulled out his dick and started peeing in the toilet. Sky and brandon heard riven moaning and after 3 minutes riven came outside with his pants that were a bit wet. Riven changed his pants and the rest of the day riven was quiet.

