Welcome to the mansion. - Page 4

Author: Bladderbabe

*075*2019-01-05 20:10

Chapter 19

Happy new year! I hope you all had great holidays. Big sex scene this chapter, stay tuned.

###

I let go, and stand in front of him.

He looks at my neck and raises an eyebrow.

“Pretty necklace. He gave it to you?” James asks.

”Yeah, he did. Isn’t it beautiful? But I guess it isn’t anything special, I think all the girls got one.” I reach up and run my fingers across the silver chain, and down one of the rows of diamonds.

“You let him put a collar on you.”

“What are you talking about? It’s a necklace, not a collar.”

“Anything around your neck means something. He owns you. And you accepted it.”

I reach around till I find then clasp, and try to unhook it. It won’t budge.

“You’re... I let him...” I sigh. He’s right, and I am so stupid.

“And no, not every woman got one. You got one, Tiana got one, Theo for one, and,” he pauses and unbuttons his shirt collar to reveal a small silver chain, tight around his neck, “I got one. He has plans, and these have something to do with it. That’s why we’re...”

He trails off, noticing something behind me. Before I can turn around, someone slaps my ass, then covers my eyes with their hands.

“Guess who,” says a feminine voice I definitely recognize.

“Hey, babe.”

She uncovers my eyes and walks next to me, wrapping her arm around my waist, and resting her fingers on my pantyline. I shiver, remembering the ever-growing pressure in my bladder. She notices, and leans in, biting my ear before whispering,

“Gotta go?”

I blush and look down, nodding. She smirks, then turns back to James, or who she knows as Jeremiah. She reaches out her free hand for a handshake.

“Nice to meet you. I’m Tiana.”

He shakes her hand. “I’m Jeremiah. You two know each other?”

“Yes, quite well.” She seems protective, despite the way she looks at him. Like she wants him. I feel jealousy burning at the back of my throat, but I swallow it and look on.

She looks behind him at the door. “Do you have a room all to yourself?”

”Oh, yeah, I do.” He looks back at the door. I remember how well furnished it was, with a king sized bed and a dresser and a mirror, with nice curtains and even a big closet.

“How lucky,” Tiana says, looking at him expectantly. He gets the hint.

“Oh, uh, feel free to come in.” He turns around and opens the door for us, and I mumble a quiet thank you as we walk in. Tiana lets go, and I take a reluctant seat on the soft, silky bed. I watch her as she walks around, admiring the handiwork of the dresser and the color coordination and other things that I don’t understand.

She seems a little too comfortable. Her movements are too fluid, and she shakes her hips a little too much as she walks. Jerimiah stands at the doorway and looks flushed, trying not to look at her, as his hands are clasped in front of him, conveniently at crotch level. I can only imagine what he is hiding.

She knows what she’s doing, and confidently struts in his direction. All I can do is sit on the bed, in my thin, silky nightgown, and burn with jealousy.

He blushes deeply as she whispers something to him, then smirks. A few quick glances at me help me to put the pieces together, and I know I’m in for a wild ride.

### sex scene lmao ###

He walks over to the bed and crawls to sit in the middle.

“Elena,” I hear Tiana purr, suddenly right next to me, “We’re gonna have a lot of fun.” In a more stern voice, “Take off your panties and go sit on his lap.”

My breath hitches, and I can feel my face getting hot. I nod and stand, and take off my underwear. Though you still cannot see anything under my nightgown, I feel incredibly exposed.

I crawl to him on the bed, and sit in his lap. His hard dick rubs against my ass, and he lets out a quiet grunt. I smile a little.

He pulls me closer to him, and i shudder as i feel his warm breath against my neck. He wraps his arms around me, pawing and kneading at my breasts. He leans foward and bites my neck, licking and sucking. I shiver and let out a soft moan. His right hand travels down, lifting my nightgown. He pulls on my legs and I reluctantly open them, much to my bladder’s dismay.

He pulls the nightgown off of me as I wiggle out of it. He continues to knead my breasts with his left hand, and bites and suckles at my neck. But his right hand travels to in between my spread legs, to my pussy, where he gently starts to rub my sensitive clit. I let out a feminine moan, high-pitched and delicate.

Tiana, who had been watching intently on the corner of the bed, slinks up in between my legs. Jeremiah pulls his hand away, resting it on my thigh to keep my legs open. His hand is quickly replaced my Tiana’s mouth, and I moan as pleasure fills my body. She bites and sucks on my clit, and soon one, then two of her fingers are inserted into my cunt, rubbing my g-spot. My moans fill the room, euphoria fills my body, as I reach orgasm. With another long moan, I cum, and they both pull away. I’m left panting like a dog in his lap.

Tiana sits up and kisses me. With a smile, I turn and kiss Jerimiah.

I crawl off of his lap, and off of the bed. When I realize there’s no point in holding anymore, I squat over a potted plant and let go of my bladder.

When I turn around, Tiana is already on his dick, moaning her heart out. I slip back into my nightgown, not bothering to put my panties back on.

###

OOF that was a helluva chapter wasn’t it.

*077*2019-02-03 20:26

Chapter 20 (!!!)

Hey! Sorry it’s been quite a while!

###

I pull a hair tie off my wrist and tie my hair up, listening to their moans in the background. Specifically, Tiana’s, and I don’t like hearing it.

“Aren’t you supposed to save that for me?” I joke, looking at them from the reflection in the mirror.

”Aww, is someone jealous?” James coos. Tiana isn’t listening, she’s too absorbed in his dick to bother.

“Yeah.” James looks surprised. I turn towards them, “Yeah, I am. Tiana, get off.”

She giggles. “Isn’t that what I’m trying to do?” She grins at me.

“You know what the fuck I meant.”

Her smile fades. They both realize I’m serious, and they slowly pull away from each other. Tiana slips her clothes back on, then walks over to me with her head down like a puppy who had just been scolded.

James sits on the bed, obviously shocked. I glare at him before I wrap my arm around her waist and walk out the door.

At the bottom of the stairs, I see the girls with their attention focused on something just out of sight. I sneak down the stairs, Tiana following closely behind.

At the bottom of the stairs, I spot them.

Tits.

Also, the body attached to them.

###

Hey, I know this is a really short chapter and I’m sorry! Next chapter you’ll meet the body attached to tits! huge balogongas! gigantic boobgonolohnhas.

*079*2019-02-27 22:28

Chapter 21

Sorry I don’t write very often.

###

“Well, look who decided to show up,” the woman purrs tauntingly.

I can’t help but let my jaw drop. This woman is gorgeous. Her body is modeled after Jessica rabbit, with a teeny-tiny waist and huge breasts and ass that stick out of what’s she’s wearing. Speaking of what she’s wearing, it is exactly what anyone would imagine a domanatrix to wear. A latex corset, just barely covering her nipples, and a sheer black skirt with a high slit.

Her face is thin and pointed, similar to Angelina Jolie. When she talks, her lips curl at the corners, beckoning the listener to come closer.

Tiana is still looking like a scolded puppy, and the woman notices. With a long black whip, she tucks the edge under her chin and lifts her head till she meets her eyes.

“What’s wrong, darling?”

I know this woman isn’t stupid. She’s doing it to taunt me.

She moves away from Tiana and steps towards me. Tiana’s head goes back down.

“And you are?” She coos.

”I think I should be asking you the same question.”

”Oh- right, right! I forgot to introduce myself. How rude of me. I’m Vicky London, but you can call me Miss Victoria.” She holds out her leather-clad hand. I shake it hesitantly, and she walks away, satisfied.

Tiana and I sit down, cross-legged on the floor next to the other women.

Vicky begins to speak.

“Ladies, how many of you like having fun?”

We all raise our hands.

”How many of you enjoy having sex?”

Most of the hands stay up, save for one or two.

”How many of you have ever done pet play?”

Most of the hands go down. I’ve done it before, but I put my hand down anyway. It wasn’t a pleasant experience. A few stay up.

“Good, some of you have some experience. Can someone tell me what ‘pet play’ is?”

Taylor raises her hand. Vicky points at her, letting her speak.

”Its when a person dresses up as an animal and they have a master.” She answers, twirling her hair.

”Good girl!” She tosses a piece of candy, like a fun guest speaker in middle school. Taylor smiles. “Okay, can I get a volunteer?”

Slowly, shakily, Kai-Lan raises her hand.

”Come on up.”

Kai-Lan obeys.

She stands next to Vicky, much shorter than the tall, high-heeled lady.

“Sit.”

Kai Lan obeys, kneeling down and sitting on her feet.

“Lay down.”

She does so, almost in child’s pose.

”Roll over.”

She looks up at Vicky. She hesitates.

Suddenly, down comes Miss Victoria’s hand onto Kai’s ass. She yelps loudly, suprised. By the sound of the slap, it’s goung to leave quite the bruise.

*081*2019-03-12 18:55

Chapter 22

###

Suddenly, we all here a small pitter-patter, and quickly notice a puddle forming under Kai. Her face is bright red and she’s desperately trying to stop the flow, though it’s no use. It’s too late.

“What a dirty girl.” Says Vicki. She then turns away and leaves Kai sitting in her mess. “Anywho, I’d like someone to come with me for a short time and be my pet. I promise, it will be very fun.”

Surprisingly, many hands shot up. Mine did not. However, as miss Victoria scans the room, we make eye contact.

“You. The little one who was late. You’ll be my pet.”

“But-“

”No, no buts. And pets don’t talk, remember?”

I lowered my head and stood to walk towards her.

When I got over there, she looks me up and down and gets an idea. “Stay,” she commands. When she comes back, she has a big black leather bag in her left hand. “Strip.”

I hesitate. When she raises her hand, I start undressing before she can hit me. There I stand, in the nude in front of many women.

”Get on your hands and knees.” I do so. I hear her unzipping the bag, and the collective gasp of the group of onlookers. I keep my head down.

Suddenly, a large dildo enters my vagina. I yelp and lurch forward, landing on my elbows. I let out a quiet whimper of a moan and roll my hips around the object. I hear her rustling through the bag again, and she lifts my legs and pulls on what feels like a pair of lacy panties. She spreads my labia and puts a cold object on my clit.

She pulls me by the hair back into a sitting position. As I sit down, the dildo thrusts deeper into me and I moan again.

Suddenly, I’m overwhelmed by a hard vibration on my clit. I can’t help but let out a loud moan as I climb to climax. I hump the ground, the dildo sliding in and out as I do. I lean over and bite my arm to stifle the moans. With a few more motions, I’m brought to orgasm and my moans fill the room.

“Ah... ha... ah...” I breath heavily as I come back down. She turns off the vibrator. I sit back up and I can feel my face flush.

She begins to speak, explaining something I don’t pay attention to. As I calm down, I feel my bladder slowly getting fuller. I only hear her last sentence.

“And remember. Good girls don’t go potty unless their master lets them.”

*083*2019-03-16 15:06

Chapter 23

I think to myself, I’m alright, I don’t even have to go that bad.

I look up at her, wondering if she is going to remove the dildo or vibrator. She does not. Instead, she takes out a thick collar and wraps it around my neck. Then, she takes out a big leather leash and clips it onto a loop on the collar. Next, she clips two big ears into my hair, and a long fluffy tail onto my panties. I get on my hands and knees and give it a few swishes. I feel cute. She then lifts my knees, one my one, and puts pads on my kneecaps. I wonder why, at first, then realize that if I’m going to be on me hands and knees all day I may as well be comfortable.

A bell rings, and the ladies file into the lavish dining room. She pulls me along on the leash, and instead sitting me in a chair, she pulls me over to a small mat with two bowls. Thankfully, instead of dog food and water, one bowl contains what the girls are eating, chicken and rice, and the other some juice.

However, I did still have to eat and drink like a dog while the ladies ate their dinner at the table. It was a messy and annoying process, but eventually I ate it all. Since I was already in a bit of a predicament, I didn’t drink the juice. Miss Victoria noticed.

”Drink your juice, pet.”

I whined a little but did as told, slurping the berry flavored juice. My tummy felt very full, and my bladder was starting to feel the same way, too.

Soon, the ladies went on their separate ways and Miss Victoria brought me to Sir’s dungeon. Sir was sat there, watching me intently. I held my head down.

Miss Victoria gave the small pink controller to Sir, and I winced as I waited for the vibrations on my clitoris. But they did not come. In the middle of the room was a human-sized dog bed. It was red plaid and very fluffy.

She unhooked my leash and I walked over to it. I sat down and felt my bladder slosh around. I tried not to show it. I squeezed my legs together and watched them watch me.

Then, they turned around and looked at each other, and suddenly started making out. Really making out. Sir started to untie her corset and slid it off of her. He kneaded at her breasts and she moaned. I couldn’t deny that the display turned me on quite a bit. They fell into his chair and he slid off her panties, rubbing her clit. She bit her lip and grinded against his hand. He then took off his suit pants and boxers, revealing his hard, large dick. Vicky knelt down and wrapped her mouth around his member, and he moaned. He then looked at me and pushed a button on the controller.

The vibrations were slow and weak, as he had only put it on low, but combined with the huge rubber object inside of me it felt amazing. I rolled my hips and moaned quietly. He clicked again and the vibrations got stronger. I watched as Miss Victoria sat on his hard dick and they moaned. He put the vibe on high and I let out a high pitched moan, climbing and climbing to climax.

I watched as the two came together, her biting his neck and he came inside her. I moan louder and feel the orgasm building up inside me, as I reach down and thrust the dildo deeper inside of me. Just as I begin floating, the vibrations stop. I whine and whimper as I’m left blue-balled, desperate to cum.

I look at them and whine desperately, and Miss Victoria looks at me.

“Good girls don’t cum without permission.”

I whimper. She reaches for the controller and puts it on low. I rub against it and begin climbing again, so incredibly sensitive that it doesn’t even need to be on high. She turns it off again. She walks over, still naked, and pulls down my panties. She pulls out the wet dildo and the vibrator. I whine.

The second I stop thinking about cumming, my bladder screams. I look down and see it bulging out of my abdomen, and my hand shoot down and grabs my crotch.

“Aww, is the diuretic kicking in? You poor thing. Get on your hands and knees.”

Of course there was a diuretic in the juice. I do as told and struggle, holding my legs together tightly. She steps closer then kneels down. In this position, my bulge is even more obvious. The size of a small chicken watermelon in my stomach. She reaches up her hand and carresses my distended bladder. I whine and squeeze my legs closer together. She gently pushes and I yelp and fall over onto my back. My underwear glistens.

“Aww, does someone want a belly rub?”

I shake my head desperately and hold my crotch. She pulls my hands away, and I find Sir chaining them to the wall. I press my legs together as hard as I can.

Miss Victoria’s cold hands caress my abdomen, squeezing my breasts and making her way down. She lands on my bladder and I wince. I look down and see my huge bladder jutting out of my stomach. She rubs back and forth with one finger, then slowly pushes down with that finger. I begin to squirm and let out a loud yelp. Sir walks over and grabs my ankles, spreading my legs. He chains them up as well.

I whimper and whine, holding using only my muscles. I feel myself leak once, then twice. My panties glisten. Sir comes between my legs and tears off my underwear, and quickly inserts himself into me. I moan.

He thrusts in and out of me, shaking my bladder.

Suddenly, Miss Victoria flattens her hand and pushes down on my bladder as hard as she can.

“Aaah!” Piss shoots out of me, spraying onto Sir’s dick and the floor. I find myself cumming at the same time and I let out a load moan. Sir pulls out after I come and I keep pissing, forming a puddle on the floor around me. I let out a long sigh as the warm piss pools around me. It’s the best relief I’ve felt in my life.

*085*2019-05-20 14:30

Chapter 24

I pant heavily as I come down from climax. My cheeks turn beet red as I remember I’m being watched by Sir and Miss Victoria. I try to hide my face but I can’t, I’m still tied to the wall.

After a moment, Miss Victoria asks, “Are you done yet, puppy?”

I nod. I shiver as my piss starts to get cold under me, sticky under my legs.

They untie me and I slowly sit up. My head hurts a little, and I feel kindof gross. I’m cold, and I’d like a shower.

”You can talk now, sweetie,” Sir says, his voice sweet and kind. Miss Victoria stands and walks out the door, surely looking for her next victim. I feel more comfortable around just him. “You alright?”

I nod.

“Speak, use your words. Please.”

I open my mouth and talk. “It hurt, Sir. I’m cold. I’m tired. Can... can I just take a shower?”

“I know. I’m sorry. I didn’t expect her to be so rough. I apologize.”

”I mean, I liked it, I just...” i sniffle.

“It’s okay, it’s okay. C’mere.” He slowly lifts me up, bridal style. I wince a little, then ease into it. I bury my face into his chest and cry just a little bit. He covers me with a towel and takes me out of his dungeon, and carries me up the stairs to his room. When we’re in his bathroom, he sets me down and I stand, shivering, wrapped up in the towel while he turns on the water. He lets me into the shower.

The water is nice and warm. It rinses off the sticky, salty substance covering my legs and back. It feels good. He strips himself and gets in the shower with me, though he isn’t hard and he isn’t going to do anything bad to me. He hands me a soapy wash rag and I wash myself. When I’m done rinsing off, he pulls me close to him and wraps his arms around me, my back facing him.

But he doesn’t touch my breasts, and he doesn’t reach down to my parts. He just holds me.

And I cry.

”I-I wanna g-go home...” I stutter, overwhelmed with emotions. He rubs my shoulders and I turn and lean against him. “Please...”

He doesn’t answer. He takes some shampoo and washes my hair, and then takes a few moments to rinse himself off. He turns off the water and opens the curtain, and I step out. He hands me a fresh, warm towel and I wrap myself up. He dries himself off, then walks over to his dresser with the towel around his waist.

”What size underwear do you wear?”

I sniffle. “Small or medium.”

He comes back with soft cotton underwear, with flowers on the seams. He holds them and I step into them. They fit snug. He puts on some of his boxer-briefs.

I set my towel on the counter and follow him to his bed. He pulls back his sheets and I lay down, and he follows me into the bed. He pulls the heavy comforter over us. He lays on his back and I scootch over to him, resting my hand on his chest. He plays with my hair.

I fall asleep.

*087*2019-06-10 02:46

Chapter 25

When I wake up, Sir is no longer holding me. In fact, I can’t even see him. I sigh.

”As much as the girls would like it, I wanna walk out of here with some clothes,” I mumble to myself as I roll out of the bed. I shiver as my feet touch the cold hardwood floors. I creep over to the dresser and open the drawer he had gotten my panties from. Nothing. I open a few others, only his clothes.

I bring my arm up to my chest to cover my breasts and start to look around. The closet is full of suits and expensive shoes . Not what I’m looking for. I wander into the bathroom. Nothing but a white towel on the wall and a few drops of water in the sink.

I sigh. “Sir?” I stop and listen, but with no answer. “Sir, can I please have some clothes?”

I see a door I hadn’t seen before. Probably another walk-in closet, I think to myself. I open it and it’s an office. Sat facing away from me is a disheveled man, no suit, no hair gel, slumped over the desk, asleep.

I tiptoe over to him. His hair is quite messy, not that I’m one to talk. And he’s wearing glasses. Holy shit.

He’s in a light blue button-up and, believe it or not, flamingo shorts.

Under him is what looks like tax papers, budgeting books, checks...

With his name on them.

