Short Kanon Pee Fanfic

Author: Basilb

*000*2017-01-31 22:32

Yo, this is just a short little one-shot I wrote about the Kanon anime that I thought I would share here. Honest (but constructive) comments and opinions are welcome!

I may write more of these in the future.

NOTE: "Flower" is my way of saying a girl's lower private area, as I just feel more comfortable referring to it as that. Yes, call me childish if you want. :P

Anyway, I hope you like this!

###

Shiori was desperately clenching her flower, her bladder feeling like it was about to burst. She whimpered a bit from the pain in her abdomen, and clumsily ran to the nearest bush to relieve herself. However, her plan was ruined, as she noticed two students walking nearby. She yelped quietly, before trying her best to hide and to not be spotted. She knew that she would be in big trouble if any other student besides Yuuichi saw her outside of the school, as she could easily be blamed for trespassing.

Shiori actually attended this school before, but since it was only for one day most of the students wouldn't know that, and they most likely wouldn't believe her claims since she wasn't wearing the school uniform. They'd most likely report her to the nearest teacher, and she knew it wasn't the best idea for her mom to get involved. She wasn't even supposed to be outside anyway, but she had constantly been sneaking out just to see her sister. However, after she met Yuuichi, she then had another reason to visit.

These thoughts swarmed around in her mind as she cautiously poked her head out of the bush to get a closer look at the two students.

One had dark blue hair in a ponytail, and the other had very light brown hair. They were just standing in place, seeming to be having a conversation, but Shiori couldn't make out much from her distance. However, Shiori didn't really care about what they were talking about. The only thing she cared about was emptying her full bladder, which was beginning to hurt more and more. She clenched her flower even tighter to help herself hold it in, and wished that they would just go back inside the school. She didn't even know what they were doing outside at this time. "It's lunchtime.. Shouldn't they be eating..?" She thought in frustration.

She then looked over at the two students again, and saw the brown-haired girl open her mouth and speak. The blue-haired girl didn't reply, she just simply nodded her head in apparent agreement to whatever had just been said.

Shiori's urge to urinate was overpowering, and she knew that she wouldn't be able to take it for much longer. Fortunately, much to her relief, the two students seemed to be finally walking back towards the entrance of the school.

However, for Shiori, they weren't walking fast enough. Shiori urged them to go faster in her mind, but they seemed to be sticking to the same pace. Suddenly, they stopped as the brown-haired girl turned her head to look at her potential friend, before running off to the left direction. Shiori guessed she had forgotten something, as the blue-haired girl watched her run for a brief moment before continuing to walk towards the school.

The blue-haired student was far enough away from Shiori to no longer be a problem, but she didn't know about the brown-haired one. The fact that she didn't know her exact location kind of worried her, but her bladder was not going to allow her to hold it in any longer.

Shiori let out another yelp from pain, before hurriedly pulling down her pants and panties and squatting down. Almost immediately after, a heavy stream of urine began flowing out of her flower, as she felt the most amount of relief she had ever felt before. She sighed from the pleasant feeling, as her bladder continued to empty itself onto the now yellow snow. Some of her urine melted the snow below, revealing the grass that had been covered by it prior.

She then noticed that due to the way her shawl was dangling from her, a small portion of it had gotten wet from her urine. She sighed in frustration, before trying to move her shawl out of the way while blushing slightly.

She could tell her bladder was almost finally empty due to the stream weakening in strength, and as she was beginning to wonder what she would wipe herself with, she suddenly heard a noise.

She instinctively looked towards the direction the sound was coming from, as she desperately urged her bladder to finish emptying itself.

The feeling of panic and dread took over her entire mind, before the brown-haired girl from before emerged from the bushes in front of her, before stopping in her tracks with a hand full of two boxed lunches.

Both of their eyes widened, as they stared at each other in an awkward fashion. By then, nothing but tiny yellow droplets were coming out of Shiori's flower, and she could feel her entire face becoming red from intense embarrassment.

The brown-haired stranger was also blushing, but obviously less so. However, instead of instantly freaking out like Shiori had feared, the girl instantly tried to regain her composure, managing to smile awkwardly.

"I... I'm sorry for walking in on you..!" The stranger managed to stammer out in the most normal tone she could manage in this kind of situation.

Shiori was very surprised, to say the least. She didn't know how to respond to this girl, or even know what to do. She didn't want to pull up her panties and pants, due to her flower still being dripping wet.

However, she didn't want to just leave her private area exposed like this either. All she could manage to do was remain in her squatting position in silence.

"U-um.." The girl struggled to form her sentence. "You don't have anything to wipe yourself with, do you? I have some tissues, if that would be okay.. I know that this isn't their main purpose but.." She then looked down briefly in slight embarrassment before looking back at her and finishing her sentence. "I think it would do..!"

Shiori could tell that this girl was trying to be as polite as possible by not looking towards her private area. She didn't want to have to be forced to accept this girl's offer, but knowing that it was better than having wet panties for the rest of the day, she hesitatingly nodded in agreement.

The stranger smiled in response, before reaching into her pockets to pull out some tissues. "I don't have many, but it should be enough, ahaha." She stated in the same kind and caring tone, although the sudden laugh made the current situation seem even more awkward for Shiori.

The girl then began slowly walking towards Shiori, as Shiori looked away in embarrassment, still not being able to speak.

"Here you go!" The student stood as far away from Shiori as possible to respect her privacy, but also close enough to where she could hand her the tissues. She reached the tissues out to Shiori, who grabbed them with a constant bright red face, before realizing that she was too shy to wipe herself in front of someone else.

She looked at the stranger in an effort to maybe subtely hint that she wanted her to look away, but the girl apparently didn't understand.

"O-oh! I can do it for you if you want!" The girl offered, but Shiori didn't quite understand what she meant. Well.. That is.. Until the stranger took the tissues from her hand and squatted down in front of her flower.

"A-ah!" Shiori managed to gasp out a single sound, but before she could resist, the girl began gently wiping her dry after laying down the two boxed lunches on the snow beside her.

Shiori closed her eyes tightly, the feeling of embarrassment becoming stronger and stronger by the second. She was beginning to regret sneaking out of her house to stand outside of the school now.

However, the feeling of embarrassment was suddenly starting to vanish, and in its place was a feeling she had never felt before. She slowly opened her eyes to see the stranger carefully wiping her, before the girl looked up at her and smiled. Shiori then quickly looked away, as she felt her flower becoming completely dry.

The girl then stood up with the comforting smile still on her face, as she left the now yellow colored tissues on the snow below her.

"Are you better now? Did I do it right?" The girl asked, seeming to be concerned. Shiori nodded her head to both questions, before slowly pulling up her pants and panties.

She had her head facing downwards for a moment, before looking upwards to see the girl still having that same smile. She wasn't even angry at her for misunderstanding her hint, as she had somehow enjoyed the feeling of her wiping her dry.

"Once again, I'm sorry for walking in on you like that!" The girl apologized once more before picking up the lunches. "I'm going to have to go now, Mai is probably becoming impatient! Don't want her to come looking for me, ahaha!" She continued, laughing in that same awkward way.

The girl turned around as if to begin running off towards the direction of the school entrance, before turning back around to face Shiori. "I'm Sayuri! I hope we meet each other again soon! Maybe I can even introduce you to Mai one day! You'll just have to be patient with her!" For some reason, Sayuri wasn't even questioning why a girl with no school uniform was near the entrance, but Shiori was thankful for this.

Sayuri then waved, before running off towards the school's entrance. Shiori then realized that she hadn't told Sayuri her own name. But then again, she didn't ask for Shiori's name either. She figured that she could tell her the next time they happened to meet; hopefully in less embarrassing circumstances.

Shiori sighed, not being able to believe that all that had just happened. However, she really wanted to meet this Sayuri girl again. She gave her a feeling that Shiori was not used to.. But it was a feeling that she wanted to experience more of.

She walked out from behind the bush, standing in the usual spot she had always waited for her sister, and for Yuuichi. While waiting for Yuuichi to give her her daily visit, she realized that she now had yet another reason to come back to this school tomorrow.

