The Spire of Omo

Author: Blueyedhaw

*000*2025-11-30 00:20

Well folks... It's time. Me and my good buddy, @Princesskatie have a little story we have been working on. Let me explain how this will work!

This will be similar to the role-playing section that got taken down. That means, the two of us will use this thread to write this story in intervals that you lovely people will be able to read as we come up with the ideas. If you would like to comment any ideas or praise, that is fine, but we would really appreciate it if you did so after we end "Chapters". Chapters are basically endings for the night or day, and will end with,

Chapter End

If you see this at the end of the entry, you are free to comment. So with all that said, let us explore our new story.

###

The sun had just started to rise. Millions of light streams showered the world with the love and heat of a protective guardian. Slowly shadows formed away from the glowing orb as it shined brightly in the sky. The golden light passed through the hundreds of both small and big kingdoms that littered the lands of the planet called Gyra. But as the sunlight passed across the deep oceans and massive mountains of the world, it finally reached a quiet island whose inhabitants slowly began to rise and shake off the rest they needed to start the day.

This island was known as The Spire, this was because while most of the isle was a massive forest, it had one unique aspect that made this name make sense. In the center of the decently sized island was a lone massive mountain that shot out from the ground and almost reached the clouds. It was a fairly thin mountain that appeared to have been sanded down throughout the millennia due to rain and erosion. But to most, the real shocking detail about this mountain was the fact that apparently it didn’t have a peak. Instead, there was a flat apex that very clearly wasn’t natural. As if the top of the mountain had been cleaved off.

But to the people that lived on The Spire, they simply didn’t care. Rather on top of the apex of this mountain was a massive castle that belonged to the queen of this land. The castle was rather complex as it consisted of a massive gate that was flanked by two much bigger spires filled with windows connected to long walls that kept the building intact. At the corner of each two sides of the castle were once again spires that flew white and red flags that belonged to the kingdom. The castle was also a similar color scheme as it had white walls and nice rustic red roofs that covered each ceiling of the castle.

Not many knew what was inside the castle walls but were perfectly fine living their lives not knowing as the queen had treated her subjects with respect and love ever since she claimed this land almost twenty-five years ago at the young age of eighteen. Just below this castle on the incline of the mountain were surprisingly houses and shops. Dug halfway into the mountain, were hundreds of homes and shops that systematically rose creating walkways out of long stretches of flat stone that connected all of these buildings. As the city lowered more houses and shops popped up that created a gorgeous scene at night where all sides of this mountain glowed as people enjoyed their dinners.

Now most wonder why people choose to live like this, but in reality, it’s due to one looming threat, demons. In the past they basically ruled this land with an iron fist as most of the deep dark forest that surrounded the mountain was home to these monsters. To most these were beasts with no rhyme or reason as to why they live other than to create chaos for a long dead king. But for the… well to be frank, less than sane people, they see it as a challenge. Every day people leave the safety of The Spire to fight and win against these monsters most likely due a need to prove they’re better, or they just have a few screws loose, believing if they bring home the head of some demonic hound will bring them love, respect, and power.

Of course, there was a few exceptions to this rule, that being the few golden hearted men and women who leave their homes in hope of helping those who lack the safety they were born with. People who believe in a sort of hero code where the weak shouldn’t be afraid to live near those with power. Over time those people came together and realized they would work better together, and created an order called The Guild System.

But getting into a Guild isn’t as easy as one would assume. Sure, you can try the old-fashioned way, that being, running into the forest with a dagger in one hand, and a greed-infested heart in the other. But the modern-day ideal of training was more controlled. That being, a proper education, just like any other career.

In the middle floors of The Spire, stood two large schools, the first being, Lancelot Magic Academy for Boys, and the second, Camelot Magic Academy for Girls. The Lancelot Institute stood on the 51st floor, halfway up the mountain, with gorgeous views, as it was one of the few large buildings that was on a platform, overlooking the deadly forest below them.

The Camelot Institute was far lower, on the 30th floor, and rather than breathtaking views, the academy got stone. That is correct, just like hundreds of other buildings, the academy was positioned inside the mountain.

Just like ants, when the current queen realized the growing population, she brought in the brightest Dwarven minds to help create a world of stone and glowing rock, that one could live their entire life without needing to see the sky. And on the 40th floor, surrounded by businesses and training grounds, stood the Camelot Institute.

While this glorious training system had helped hundreds of adventurers survive the deep woods, this system wasn’t for everyone, as we start our story at the edge of The Spire territory.

Surrounding the mountain of The Spire was a massive wall constructed concurrently with the city. It stood well over the lower districts of the country and appeared to be made out of long pillars of white stone that shined when the sun glowed on them. But over the years it had lost its shine and soon became home to many different types of plants and vines that drooped off the edge of the wall. Just behind the wall was a small sort of village on ground level with only a dozen houses that lined up against the wall and the base of the mountain creating a small community off from the hundreds of houses at the upper layers of the mountain.

This small community was normally peaceful as most of the households belonged to guards whose job was to watch the massive walls and protect the people. Other than the guardsmen, the small settlement was a small store managed by a young married elf couple that operated out of the first floor of their home. Along with a two-story house that belonged to a mother and son.

Normally this house was quiet as the son was a book worm, and the mother spent her free time gardening and taking freshly baked bread to the guardsmen around her. But today was different as a loud cry could be heard from outside.

“M-my baby!” could be heard between sobs as this grown woman cried for the world to hear.

“Ma, please don’t cry, I’ll be fine,” a calmer voice reassured her. This voice belonged to a young man standing in front of the door to his house holding the woman. He had short blonde hair that almost spiked out, with a nice white button up shirt with a brown fur coat covering his shoulders.

“You know I have to do this, it’s what Dad would’ve wanted.” He spoke.

“I-I know, but it’s dangerous.” She replied with a sob.

“Yeah, it is, but we both know I cannot sit around and do nothing while people are suffering. You raised me better than that.”

“A-are you really using what I told you as a kid against me?” The older woman said finding humor in this whole situation, wiping snot and tears from her face with her forearm.

“Eh, I learned to guilt-trip from the best.” The boy said releasing her from his arms.

“Ugh, I guess I can’t stop you, can I? Well, be safe Warren ok.” The mother said wiping a tear from her eye as she raised her hand and gently placed a brown hair behind her ear.

“I will Ma, I love you.” He said picking up his backpack.

“I love you too.”

The boy stepped outside and sucked in some air. He took his first steps away from the house and smiled, ‘I’m gonna make you proud Dad.’ He thought to himself as he walked away from the house, only to stop as he heard a yell from behind him.

“Wait, Warren! Did you pack enough underwear!?” His mother yelled from the doorframe of their house.

Warren’s face immediately turned crimson as he looked around to see a couple of the guardsmen snickering to themselves. He looked back at his mother who now had a small smile on her face. ‘She always does stuff like this!’ He thought to himself before running away from his house as fast as he could, even when he passed the group of now noticeably laughing guards.

The mother smiled to herself and closed the door while thinking of Warren. Fear plagued her, but she knew she taught him right. But that wasn’t the only thing on her mind, as she gently bit her lip and grabbed her crotch through the pair of tan khakis. She crossed her legs and bended over as she reveled in the wave. ‘God, I needed this, I couldn’t hold myself for like an hour.’ She thought to herself as the wave left her and she straightened up but kept one hand over her pussy. She knew time was important now, so she quickly walked to her room and opened her closet.

Inside was a full suit of light armor minus a helmet that appeared to be cleaned daily or even more. With gentle hands she touched the armor on the wooden mannequin. She could see her reflection and she smiled. Her long brown hair shaping her wrinkle free face in a way that made her feel youthful. Today was the day when she could finally go back. Over the past couple of years, Ella Free had doubts about this life. She loved her son with all her heart, but she would admit she missed her freedom to do what she wanted.

Ella quickly took the armor off the mannequin and started putting it on. She had definitely put on weight in the last eighteen years as the chest plate only covered her breasts and upper stomach, showing her red shirt. Her arm guards were on next, but she decided to be creative and only put her left arm armor leaving her right arm bare. She really liked the look and noticed the remaining armor; she just had her battle skirt and boots left. She looked at her waist and immediately realized it wouldn’t even go fully around her waist, let alone cover her butt. She pouted and looked at the metal soleret’s and remembered how much they hurt her feet.

Sighing out loud and shaking her head she decided she had enough bad thoughts and gently moved the mannequin to the side, revealing the bare wall. Ella gently pressed her hand against the back wall of the closet until she heard a small click, then slowly raised the now detached panel. Inside of the cavity was a long metal sword. Its hilt was relatively small, but the blade was long.

With ease Ella took the sword out of the space and gave a gentle swing to make sure she remembered the motion. She felt better; a small breath of excitement left her mouth as she raised the sword and put it behind her back as she felt it stick to her armor as within the sword was a strong magnet that worked solely on Ella’s armor. How it worked she had no idea, but she wasn’t going to question it.

She approached the mirror in her room and smiled as she looked at herself. Her brown hair had been put into a ponytail so she wouldn’t get an accidental haircut from her sword. Her face had nice complexion with a small birth mark under her right light blue eye. The armor had accentuated her breasts and only went down to her stomach, leaving her red shirt. She just decided to wear her khakis as they were comfortable enough along with her combat boots; she’d been wearing all morning.

“These will do nicely!” Ella smiled as she did a little twirl, but stopped with her back to the mirror. She looked down, seeing the jiggle in her lower cheeks and frowned.

“Too much bread... But who says an adventurer can’t have a fat ass!” Ella hyped herself up before snickering as she turned back around and walked to the door.

Ella walked around the house, making sure no appliance was running, and the power was off.

“There we go...” She clapped her hands together before resting them on her hips as she stood at the entrance to her now darkened home, with a bag by her feet.

A sense of sadness rushed over Ella as she realized it would be a while before she could come home... But this was something she had to do.

So with a grateful smile, Ella grabbed the rucksack and pulled it over her armored shoulder and walked outside, a gleam of sunlight hitting her eye as she smiled.

“Here we go... Nothing will hold me back!” Ella jumped in the air, her fist raised to the sun, as she hyped herself up.

Although it had the opposite feeling as, halfway through her jump, Ella felt sloshing in her full bladder.

Her face contorted as she landed, shoving both hands into her crotch and shuffling in place as she breathed deep labored breaths before slowly rising.

“Ok... As soon as orientation is over, it’s potty time.” Ella says to herself as she feels her heart start to beat with an exciting aura.

“I bet I can make that... I’d hate to have an accident on my first day.” Ella blushes as she thinks about this... In case it wasn’t obvious, Ella purposely skipped the bathroom. This was a daily occurrence.

Ever since she was a child, Ella had loved to hold her waste inside of her until the final moment. Especially after she gave birth. With a child, she had the excuse of “Mom Bladder” to hold herself in public. And you bet she used that as often as possible.

But after a deep breath, Ella put her hands to her sides, and took a step forward.

*PPPPFFFAAARRRPPPP*

Ella blushed as she felt a fart slip out.

“Oh great, double trouble...” Ella Sighed.

“My favorite,” The sigh turned into a smile as she continued forwards, her cheeks clenched.

“I’ve got this...”

Bladder: 70/100

Bowels: 50/100

*001*2025-12-13 15:17

The sound of a nightingale echoes through the ant hill-esc inner district of floor 30. Almost on cue, candle lights erupted from windows as people woke up.

One of these people was Sayori Mori.

With the chirping of the nightingale ringing softly in her ear, she squinted as her eyes were forced open by her body naturally waking up.

She yawned as she scratched the top of her head, her jet-black hair however wrapped around her fingers as Sayori realized her bedhead.

Normally bed head, and waking up early would crush any girl's morning, but not Sayori. While she may not show emotion as well as other girls, she still was joyous at the thought of finally moving out of this crummy inn room and into a proper school dorm.

So, with little emotion, she stands up, only wearing a set of standard elven panties; she stretches and reaches over to her nightstand, where a lone necklace sat. Gently caressing the metal emblem, she grabs the chain and clasps it around her neck, a magical mist surrounding her as she looked through the purple smoke and into the mirror on the wall.

Sayori's bright blue eyes saw her reflection... now while she didn't have the biggest bust or butt, she was still decently plump, but that was to be expected for an elf... she gently traced her pointy ears with her index fingers as if they were not there a minute ago, and nodded.

With a half confident smirk she walked away from the mirror and to her trunk, where her clothes were neatly folded for her new day.

Sayori squatted down, her panties forming a wedgie, but one she would power through as she went through her clothes.

Since today was just orientation, and there was no classes, all she had to do was get her uniform from the staff, maybe take a tour, meet her teacher and move into her dorm.

There was a lot on her plate, but there was nothing she couldn't handle. So, with that said, she picked out a gorgeous black top, with a matching skirt with white wavy horizontal lines wrapping around the fabric.

She gently felt the fabric between her fingers, a small smile cracking against her lips. One of the few times, she genuinely smiled from something small.

She felt her stomach stir as she got dressed, her skirt pressing against her gut.

Flattening out her dress, Sayori contemplated using the inn bathroom, but considering how she had to pack and get the giant trunk that had almost everything she owned in it, down a flight of stairs without breaking anything, she might be better off waiting until she got to her new dorm.

Plus, her friends were probably waiting for her, and she didn’t want to lose any of their admiration and general butt kissing.

So gently tightening her cheeks underneath her black and white skirt, she started to get packed.

Bladder: 50/100

Bowels: 50/100

*002*2025-12-13 15:25

Ella placed one of her manicured fingers on her chin and gently bit her lip. She thought out the pros and cons of her options to get to the higher district. One the one hand, the Cable cars were much faster and could get her to the 30th district way faster than walking, but she remembered hearing from the young elven couple that since the cable cars were a newer invention imported from Steria, a country known for their technological prowess, they had a small tendency to stop in their tracts. She thought of all of this while doing a small jig shuffling one leg in front of the other while moving her hips slightly from side to side which while felt natural to her, she didn’t seem to notice the group of guards from earlier who were now blushing as they shared quick glances at her jiggling posterior.

Placing her fist into her other hand, Ella made up her mind. If she were to get to the academy in time, she must walk. Today was too big a day to be late. While today wasn’t the first day of class, she still needed to be on time for orientation. She flashed herself a smile and put both her hands in her pockets. This caused a little bit of uncomfortableness in her loins, but she could live with it. She didn’t exactly want some of the cute younger guards to catch her acting like a little schoolgirl, even though she liked this feeling.

As she walked towards the exit of the small district, she waved at the same kind young elven couple from her memory, who were outside their market. The husband, an elven young man with rustic short brown hair and green tunic, was swapping out an old sign that used to say “Market” in elven runes to one with it written in basic, the common written language in the spire. Ella knew the young couple had issues writing in Basic as they had just started learning less than a year ago but was proud of the progress.

Next to the tall man was a shorter blonde woman with one long braid over her shoulder that lightly covered her white and red dress which covered her extending belly. She smiled, placing one hand over her stomach and waved back to Ella.

Ella smiled at the two parents to be and continued on her way placing her hand back into her pocket. Unbeknownst to her that the two elves looked at each other with confusion in their eyes as to why she was dressed like that.

Slowly, Ella came closer to the exit of the first district. In front of the bottom heavied woman was a grand staircase that could easily fit hundreds of people but was now vacant. Ella started walking up these stairs with a gentle pep in her step as she thought about what was to happen later. As she continued up the stairs, she got to the point where the stair became a platform that became the second district that was known for its pottery and clay art that was often deported to many different countries. Just like the rest of the districts, the layer of mountain held all of its buildings on the left side of the cobblestone streets closer to the mountain were all the buildings layered next to each other with the rare alleyway. On the opposite side of the cobblestone street were no buildings but the occasional tree or bush.

Ella continued her walk definitely feeling the weight of her bladder as she rose to the third district. Now she could finally look over the massive worn-down wall that tended to eclipse the lower levels. Smiling, she ran up half of the staircase to district four and was able to see a fair distance from the wall. She squinted hard and put one hand above her eyes like a visor to block her sight from the noon sun. She quickly smiled and jumped in the air waving a hand as she spotted the small outline of her son Warren leaving the gate and walking towards the forest.

But as soon as she came back down to the stair she jumped off on, she quickly cupped her loins and leaned forwards on shaky knees. After a couple seconds and a few deep breaths, she stood back up and looked up. The end of the massive staircase ended just a dozen steps away and led into the fourth district which was sizably much bigger. But that also meant that there were more people to see her. So, with a deep breathe she put her arms to her sides and walked up the rest of the stairs almost robotically with her eyes almost set directly in front of her.

“This... this is gonna be a close one...” Ella whispered to herself before furrowing her brow and continued forwards. She looked up the stairs and groaned.

"Yeah... I'm just gonna have to take a cable car..." She sighed defeated as she started walking to the nearest cable car port for this floor.

"There is no way I'm getting all the way up there with dry pants if I have to keep doing this."

So with a sigh, the mother made her way through the lower floor with a clenched fist... so long as no shenanigans happened, she would be fine.

Bladder: 75/100

Bowels: 55/100

*004*2025-12-15 23:16

As sayori continues her stride with the suitcase she starts to think to herself.

"Why didn’t i bother learning a levitate spell? Without any of my servents around, it would be insanely useful.“ She thinks to herself as she continues opening the door for her to exit the inn where she resides.

Outside she breathes in the air from the town as the air enters her nostrils she smells the fresh bread being baked at the local bakery as she hears the town starting to wake up as the town folk get ready to start the day.

Bladder: 55/100

Bowels: 55/100

*005*2025-12-15 23:25

"Ms. Mori!" A familiar voice shouts out and Sayori turns around to spot her... acquaintance.

Running, or rather hopping down the cobblestone road was a short blonde girl.

She wore a short white dress that innocently hung off her flat chest as she smiled and waved at Ms. Sayori Mori.

In her other hand, she cared a large book, it's contents unknown even to Sayori.

But the stand out detail of the young woman was the glowing halo above her head.

This was Lucille Stardust, a genuine angel.

"Good morning Ma'am!" Lucille smiles as she clumsily stops infront of Sayori, her bare feet tapping against the ground, a red bow tied around her ankle just short enough, not to drag.

Her large blue eyes look up at the elven woman as her smile radiated warmth, and her halo emitted light to the surrounding darkness of the inner mountain.

"Ms. Dawnguard sent me to check on you. She and Ms. Bloom are at the café, waiting for you." Lucielle stated, reminding Sayori that she called everyone Ms or Mr, even if they were the same age as her, just like Sayori.

*006*2025-12-15 23:42

Sayori looked down at the blonde angel, exhaustion dripping from her eyes as she tugs on her trunk. “Lucile good to see a familiar face early in the morning.“ Sayori says wiping away the sweat from her forehead

“Let’s not keep the others waiting.“ Sayori answers Lucile as they head to the café where the others are waiting for them.

“But, do you think you can be a dear and help me with my stuff Lucile?" Sayori asks, her manipulation similarly dripping from her sharp eyes.

*007*2025-12-15 23:55

"Oh, of course Ms. Mori! Remember, God says- Oof!" Lucille's sermon was cut short as Sayori didn't wait to shove the chest into her arms as the angel immediately realized the weight.

'I was sent down here to guide and help...' Lucille thinks to herself as she lifts it up.

Sure, anyone could be a makeshift trunk mover, but during these early morning days, she had the one thing that made her truely special... her halo!

It shimmered and shined in the darkness and made her proud to be a beacon for her new friends.

This positive thinking was silenced as the enterior of the Spire mountain illuminated with a glowing light.

Looking up, she leaned against the spiral like railing and squinted past a couple dozen floors to see what appeared to be numerous glowing orbs wrapped by a net, these orbs acted as a makeshift sun, shining all the floors, and ultimately gave Lucille's halo the same usefulness as that of a torch in the middle of the day.

She frowned before giving the orbs a stink eye, or rather as close a stink eye could be coming from someone as pure as her.

However she immediately regretted this action as she spotted the woman lighting the orbs. She had long lavender hair, and was of the Arachnee race, as her lower body was that of a spider, and had two eyes, with six smaller ones on her forehead.

Using these eight eyes, her and Lucille made eye contact as the Arachnee woman lifted a hand, and flipped off the young angel.

"How sinful!" She gasped as the small angel wings on her back fluttered with rage.

She said a quick prayer, but realized Sayori was already leaving, so she heaved and grabbed the trunk, her face scrunching up with the wait as she left after the elf.

"Wait up, Ms. Mori!"

*008*2025-12-16 01:02

Sayori starts to make her way to the café where her friends where waiting for both her and Lucile. As she starts walking she relaxes her shoulders as she has Lucile carrying her luggage.

Every step she takes feeling more freeing than the last as she currently doesn’t have the worry and weight of her luggage. She looks around seeing the orbs of light illuminating her way down the streets.

The district starts to light up as the town folk prepare to start their day.

Sayori looks around, seeing people wheel around their makeshift carts, one in particular being a large orc man, bald with his fine tusk splintering out of the corners of his mouth, truely giving him a boar-ish identity.

So it slightly shocked Sayori about the fact that she could read the words, "fresh fruits" labeled in basic on the side of his cart... how strange. But her eyes were taken away as she heard her lackey grunt as she tried to move her trunk.

As sayori looks back from when Lucile called out to her, she is reminded of her rising need as a small jolt goes up her spine telling her to visit the little elf's room. It was a shame she was practically elven royalty, or else she would just use any bathroom, but outside of one's abode, their are no other toilets, at least in the view of elven royalty. So with clenched cheeks, Sayori continued.

Bladder: 60/100

Bowels: 60/100

Lucille eventually catches up with Sayori, grunting as her legs shake with the weight of this box she had over her shoulders.

But none the less, she finally catches Sayori as they reach the outside of the mountain, and onto the main floor and stairs of the 30th district. The café wasn't too far away, but there was some foot traffic as people started to get ready for their jobs.

The sun shines lightly into the eyes of Lucille Stardust as she saw the sun rise out of the forest in the distance, bright light grasping her face, almost making her forget about her large trunk...

But the loud pop coming from her back reminded her of her burden.

'Just to the café, then I can take a break.' She sighed hopefully as she continued to follow Ms. Sayori Mori.

*009*2025-12-16 01:57

"Oh, dear, let's pick up the pace." Sayori looks over her shoulder and walks through the slightly busy street.

She passes quite a lot of different races.

Back when she still lived in the Elven grove, she only saw these people in books, so while she kept her composure, on the inside, she was checking everyone out.

'Fascinating, a centaur in the flesh. Such long blonde hair.'

'A trio of human women... I feel like I've seen them before.'

'Oh is that a minotaur? Accompanied by an Amazon? How did they meet?'

Sayori continues to people watch as she made her way to the café.

It was a small place, with white walls and a brown wooden roof. It lied next to the intact mountain wall, with a small sign labeled,

"A taste of Milk"

"Come on Lucille," Sayori snaps her fingers as she opens the red door.

The interior was minimalistic with only a few tables, and a couple shelves filled with keepsakes from not too long ago.

Looking around, Sayori spotted her party.

"You're late..." A fellow elf crossed her arms as she looked at Sayori.

She wore a small green dress, that only went down to her upper thighs, but mixed with the dagger just above her butt and the quiver of arrows on her back you could guess the dress was for movement rather than looks.

She wore sandles that wrapped up her ankles like vines, as well as lime colored green hair that, if she were standing up, would reach her knees.

"Oh relax Elvia," the figure sitting across from her limply gestured with her hand, waving it up and down.

"She's here now, and that's all that matters." The figure smiled as her similarly long green hair cascades down her head.

Although, unlike Elvia, her hair was a nature green, and looked like leaves as opposed to hair.

From her baby pink skin, to large eyes, to leaf like hair, anyone could tell she was a dryad. A mix of half person and half plant.

She wore a long large white coat that covered nearly her entire body except for her face, and surprisingly bare feet.

As well as the crown of red flowers around her her head that appeared to be alive.

"Well if she was here on time, we wouldn't have to have waited, Flora." Elvia rolled her eyes.

"Apologises for the wait, but you must agree fashion waits for no woman." Sayori apologized to her childhood friend who simply blew air out her nose and looked to the vine like bow next to her seat.

"Oh before I forget, sis..." Flora reached a hand out from the coat and grabbed the staff that laid against her chair.

"I fixed your staff, I filled in the cracks so it's basically good as new." She nodded as she handed the staff over to Sayori.

It was a long staff that nearly reached Sayori's height. It was a deep oak staff, with a seemingly levitating bright ruby at the tip of the staff, surrounded by a small metal cage.

"Thank you Flora, you did a satisfactory job." She nodded as she felt relief with the staff back in her hands.

"No Prob babe." Flora nodded as Sayori rolled her eyes.

Bladder: 62/100

Bowels: 63/100

Lucille finally reached the café and with one hand dragging the trunk, and the other opening the door, she placed the large tomb between her chin and chest, in a seemingly impressive carrying act.

As she finally entered, she gave a sigh, leaving the trunk by the door, and approaching her comrades.

"I have brought Ms. Mori!" She gave a little salute to Elvia, the groups leader.

*010*2025-12-17 00:19

Elvia simply ignores the girl and focuses on Sayori with a royal aura.

Sayori blushes as Elvia mentions her being late.

“The luggage was heavy so it made it to where we where not as fast.“ Sayori says to Elvia as she sits down, refusing accountability.

Sayori shifts in place as her butt slams into the seat. Her face was as stoick as ever, her bangs in perfect harmony, but she slightly shifted against the wooden seat below her, reminding her of the toilet.

Bladder: 64/100

Bowels 65/100

Lucille just simply grabbed the fourth seat after being ignored, and gently sat down.

She sat so the wings coming out of her hips would rest around the seat, as opposed to just sitting on them.

"So is everyone excited about orientation?" She chirped with a golden smile as she looked around with Flora being the only one who showed any emotion.

