Offering Kink related personalized stories!

Author: Blueblrd

*000*2020-11-09 22:31

Hello! My name is Bri, and I am a freelance Writer/Editor, who is looking for more work. I try my very best to be a friendly person with open communication so please don't be scared to message me, even if you aren't sure you'd be buying a slot!

I have nearly 8 years of experience working with the written or digital word, and have written many of my own works. Currently I am writing a book of my own, and can show the more casual projects I've worked on if requested. I've ghostwritten and edited a number of books, biographys, and even a textbook so I have experience in most fields of writing.

My strongest suit is fiction works, creating a story based upon characters you really enjoy or creating you a whole new story based around your needs with well written characters to match. Non-Fiction isn't significantly less quality if at all, however any research that I am required to do would mean that I need extra time to ensure quality of the same level.

Things I will not write:

- Non-consensual sexual content.

- Grooming.

However if you are in the market for Kink related works I am a very open person and would love to have your business! Nothing besides what is listed above is off limits, though if I do not know what your preferred content is please take the time to help me understand so your work is the best it can possibly be!

I do require that I be paid before I start working, as I do not want to spend time on a commission that is not going to be paid for when other customers would pay for it. I can provide social medias that I am active on, and other such forms of contact so that you can feel more secure in knowing I won't run off with a payment of any kind.

I do however only accept payment through PayPal, and require the full amount in one payment unless I can be provided proof that you will have the money to pay the rest upon delivery.

Prices:

Up to 100k words is a cent per word.

Meaning that 50k would be 500$, this also means that 1k words would be ten dollars.

To help put this into perspective Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is about 77k words rounding up.

Please feel free to comment any questions or concerns!

You can contact me through

[email protected]

Or

Bird Queen#9737 on Discord!

