Desperation Dungeon - A Multi-Part Story of Extreme Desperation - Page 3

Author: Bulge_Lover

*050*2016-12-31 01:20

{{1 hour ago, Curiousanon said:

I wasn't freaking out about answers myself. I just knew it was hand-waving on the author's part because again it isn't important.

}}

I know, that was directed at the guy who originally asked, forgot to quote.

*060*2017-01-23 00:39

{{1 hour ago, holdit247 said:

Possibly the best desperation scenario and story published in the last few years. Simply astoundingly good.

Well written too, which is lovely as it makes entering the minds of the characters so much easier.

Keep up the good work. Soon. Please!

}}

Yes, sorry it's taking so long! Too many games...I'm playing Ark, Vermintide, Elder Scrolls Online, Sleeping Dogs, Halo Wars, Marvel Heroes...I can barely find time to sleep let alone write.

Not to worry though, I WILL finish this story. It might just be a while. Thanks for reading, and I'm glad you enjoy it.

In fact, I think I'll start working on the next chapter right now. I'll feel more compelled to write if I get it started.

*063*2017-01-27 22:17

{{59 minutes ago, Kinkykitten said:

So I tend to stick more to the male desperation side of things (although not as popular on here it is more my thing.) And on my lanta is this amazing. I am officially a huge fan of this and can't wait for more.

}}

Heh, wait for the next part. It's something completely different than anything that's been on this site before. At least I think it is.

*069*2017-02-02 02:54

{{8 hours ago, Kinkykitten said:

Now I'm super excited

}}

Mmhmm. Patience, everyone - It's a REALLY big project. And it's not a normal 'part of the story,' so to speak. So get hype.

*072*2017-02-03 19:20

Oh god I feel so bad keeping everyone waiting. The next chapter is a HUGE project, it isn't an ordinary story, so to speak. I'm working on it for a bit every day but I'm busy with other stuff too.

Anyway thanks for all your support, and I hope to have it finished soon.

