Camillia's long day

Author: Beanos4444

*000*2025-01-06 00:53

Disclaimer: This story was made with the assistance of AI tools. I am not an artist nor a story writer, but that will not dissuade me from making art. This is also my first time posting something like this, so go easy on me 🙂

###

&&

Camillia was at Mark's house while Mark's parents were out of town. Camillia was a friend of Mark's mom, who was away on a business trip. Since the two are best friends, Camillia is watching the house until she comes back from the trip. Camillia and Mark were home alone, so they decided to play a game together to pass the time. The pair decided to play Jenga, but with a twist: whoever lost the game had to do whatever the other person said for the rest of the day.

Camillia and Mark were halfway through a tense game of Jenga, the tower towering between them. Each move felt like it could be the one to topple everything, but they both played carefully, trying to outlast the other. The stakes were simple—whoever made the tower fall had to obey the other person for the rest of the day.

Mark, always the risk-taker, reached for a precarious block in the middle, his fingers brushing the edges. The tower wobbled but held. Camillia, heart racing, chose her next piece more cautiously.

Camillia narrowed her eyes but didn't respond, focusing all her energy on her move. She could feel the victory within reach—one more piece, and she'd win.

But then, as she pulled out a piece from the bottom row, the tower groaned. A single piece at the top shifted, and before she could even react, it collapsed in a slow, heart-stopping crash. Camillia knew what the rules were to losing this Jenga game: She had to do whatever Mark told her to do for the rest of the day.

She looked up at Mark cautiously, with a nervous expression on her face. "So, What do I have to do as punishment for losing the game?"

&&

*Bladder 12% (Her bladder is nearly empty, she does not need to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (I cant believe I lost that game! I hope that Mark doesnt make me do anything too crazy...)*

Mark: "How about this: you cannot leave this room for the next 12 hours"

Camillia : Camillia frowned, feeling a bit disappointed with the punishment. "And what am I supposed to do in here for 12 hours?" She asked, crossing her arms defiantly.

*Bladder 15% (Her bladder is still nearly empty, she does not need to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (Well, that wasn't too bad... I guess I can handle being in here for a little while.)*

Mark: "Spend time with me of course!"

Camillia : "And what if I don't want to spend time with you?" She asked, smirking playfully.

*Bladder 18% (Her bladder is still nearly empty, she does not need to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (Hehe, I'm just teasing him. I'm sure he has something fun planned for us.)*

Mark: "Then I might have to punish you for being bad"

Camillia : "Oh really? And how do you plan on punishing me?" She asked, leaning in close to Mark, her voice taking on a seductive tone.

*Bladder 20% (Her bladder is still nearly empty, she does not need to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (Mmm, maybe I can make this punishment more fun for both of us.)*

Mark: "Well I wouldn't want to spoil the surprise, now would I" Mark said with a mischievous grin.

Camillia : "Fine, fine. I'll play your little games all day. But remember, I'm warning you now, I'm a very competitive person" she said, pouting slightly.

*Bladder 25% (Her bladder is 1/4th empty, she does not need to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (I wonder what he has planned for us... This could be interesting.)*

&&

As the day went on, Camillia found herself increasingly curious about what Mark had in store for them. They played a series of games, ranging from board games to more active challenges like Mario Kart. Throughout it all, Camillia tried her best to win each round, though Mark proved to be a formidable opponent.

As the afternoon wore on, Camillia started to feel a slight twinge in her lower abdomen. Her bladder was beginning to fill up, but she tried her best not to think about it. After all, she was focused on winning the next challenge.

*Bladder 40% (Her bladder is starting to fill up, she needs to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (Uh oh... I guess playing all these games isn't helping my bladder situation.)*

Mark: "Lets take a quick break from these games and sit down for awhile and just talk"

Camillia : "Sure, sounds good. Maybe we can even share some secrets or embarrassing stories" She said with a wicked grin, knowing that Mark would be revealing something personal to her during their conversation.

*Bladder 50% (Her bladder is filling up, she needs to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (Ooooh, I can't wait to hear what Mark's secret is! But first... I should probably find a bathroom soon.)*

They sat down on the couch, facing each other, and began their conversation. Camillia couldn't help but squirm slightly in her seat as she felt the pressure building up in her bladder. She tried to focus on what Mark was saying, but it was becoming harder and harder to ignore her growing discomfort.

*Bladder 55% (Her bladder is filling up, she needs to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (I need to pee so badly... but I can't leave the room!)*

&&

The conversation continued, with Mark slowly opening up about a few childhood secrets. As he spoke, Camillia found herself becoming more and more distracted by her own need to pee. She crossed her legs tightly, hoping that it would help alleviate some of the pressure.

Mark: "You tell an embarrassing story now. Like how about a time where you really had to go pee"

Camillia : "Haha, well there was this one time when I was at a party and I drank way too much soda. By the end of the night, I was bouncing up and down on every available surface, trying to find a bathroom that wasn't occupied." She laughed, recalling the mortifying memory.

*Bladder 60% (Her bladder is filling up, she needs to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (This isn't helping! I really need to pee!)*

As the afternoon turned into evening, Camillia's bladder continued to fill up. She could feel the urgency growing stronger with each passing minute. She shifted uncomfortably in her seat, trying not to draw attention to her predicament.

*Bladder 65% (Her bladder is filling up, she needs to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (I can't hold it much longer. I need to find a bathroom soon!)*

&&

Finally, Mark stood up from the couch. "Alright, I think it's time for dinner. Let's go cook something together." Camillia breathed a sigh of relief at the mention of food. Perhaps she could hold off peeing until after they ate.

Mark: "But this is going to be a one time exception for leaving the room! Once we are done cooking in the kitchen you have to go right back to the living room"

Camillia : "Deal" She agreed, standing up and following Mark towards the kitchen.

As they prepared their meal, Camillia tried her best to focus on the task at hand. The smell of food filling the air only served to intensify her bladder's discomfort. She knew that she needed to pee soon, but she didn't dare ask Mark if she could use the bathroom yet.

*Bladder 70% (Her bladder is filling up, she needs to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (Please let me get through this dinner without having to pee!)*

&&

After what seemed like an eternity, they finally finished cooking. Mark led her back to the living room, where they sat down on the couch once again. The moment they were seated, Camillia felt a wave of relief wash over her. She was grateful for the chance to rest her full bladder, even if it was just for a short while.

*Bladder 80% (Her bladder is very full, she needs to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (Phew, I made it through dinner without having to pee! But I can't keep holding it for much longer.)*

However, the respite was short-lived. Mark leaned in close to her, his face taking on a mischievous grin.

Mark: "Now lets play a new kind of game... strip poker!"

Camillia : "Strip poker? Are you serious?" She asked, raising an eyebrow.

Mark: "You said you would do anything I said for winning that jenga game"

Camillia : "Fine, let's play strip poker then. But don't expect me to lose any clothes tonight"

*Bladder 85% (Her bladder is very full, she really needs to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (Oh great... now I have to play strip poker with Mark. And on top of that, my bladder feels like it's about to explode!)*

Mark: "Okay, ill go grab the cards. Do you want me to grab you a drink while I'm up?"

Camillia : "Sure, why not? Maybe it'll help me relax a bit." She replied with a nervous laugh.

As Mark left the room to fetch the poker cards and a drink, Camillia took the opportunity to cross her legs tightly. Her bladder was pulsing with pressure, and she could feel the familiar warmth beginning to spread throughout her lower abdomen.

*Bladder 90% (Her bladder is very full, she needs to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (I can't believe I said yes to strip poker! And now I have to deal with this bladder too? This day just keeps getting better and better...)*

Mark returned moments later, carrying a deck of cards and two glasses filled with ice water. He handed one of the glasses to Camillia, who accepted it gratefully.

*Bladder 92% (Her bladder is very full, she needs to pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (The cold water feels good against my skin... maybe it will help with the burning sensation in my bladder?)*

Mark: "Okay, lets get started with the game"

Camillia : "Yeah, lets do this"

The pair began to play the game of strip poker, with Camillia losing her pants first. As the game progressed, her bladder continued to grow more and more uncomfortable. The pressure built inside of her, making it difficult for her to concentrate on the game.

*Bladder 95% (Her bladder is very full, she needs to pee desperately)*

*Inner thoughts: (I can't take much more of this! My bladder is about to burst!)*

&&

Mark: "White panties today huh... they look cute on you"

Camillia : "Shut up and deal me another card"

The game continued, with Mark eventually removing Camillia's shirt and bra. Despite her discomfort, Camillia couldn't help but feel aroused by the situation, her body reacting to the thrill of being so exposed in front of Mark.

*Bladder 98% (Her bladder is very full, she needs to pee desperately)*

*Inner thoughts: (I can't believe I'm getting turned on by this! But damn, it feels good...)*

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, Mark dealt Camillia a losing hand. With a groan of defeat, she stood up from the couch.

*Bladder 99% (Her bladder is very full, she needs to pee desperately)*

*Inner thoughts: (Thank god, I can finally pee!)*

Mark: "Alright, that was the last card. You have to take off everything now"

Camillia : "Fine, fine. Take it all off."

With shaky hands, Camillia began to remove her remaining clothes, revealing her nude form to Mark. Her bladder felt as though it was about to burst, the pressure becoming almost unbearable.

*Bladder 100% (Her bladder is very full, she needs to pee desperately)*

*Inner thoughts: (I can't hold it much longer! I need to find a bathroom right now!)*

As she stood there, naked in front of Mark, her bladder began to twitch and spasm. The pressure grew stronger, making it difficult for her to stand still. With a grimace, she began to search for a bathroom.

*Bladder 103% (Her bladder is full, she needs to pee immediately)*

*Inner thoughts: (Oh god, I can't take much more of this! Where's the nearest bathroom?)*

&&

Mark: "Whats wrong, why are you moving like that? Are you embarrassed that you lost?"

Camillia : "No... well, kind of. But that's not it. I really need to use the bathroom right now!"

Mark: "Ahh, so thats what it is... well you can leave this room to use the bathroom in... about an hour"

Camillia : "An hour?! But I can't hold it that long!"

Mark: "Well that was the deal we made, that you cant leave this room for 12 hours. We made that deal about 11 hours ago"

Camillia : "But I didn't think... I can't hold it that long!"

*Bladder 105% (Her bladder is very full, she needs to pee desperately)*

*Inner thoughts: (Oh no... I'm really going to have to hold it that long? But how? This is impossible!)*

Mark: "Don't worry Ms. Camillia, I believe in you!"

Camillia : "I guess I'll just have to try..."

*Bladder 110% (Her bladder is very full, she needs to pee desperately)*

*Inner thoughts: (Ugh, I don't know if I can do this... my bladder feels like it's going to explode!)*

Mark: "I also locked the bathroom door for extra motivation!"

Camillia : "WHAT?! YOU CAN'T DO THAT!"

Mark: "Now I know you wont cheat and run out of the room. I'll unlock the door once the hour is up"

Camillia : "You better not be lying to me!"

*Bladder 115% (Her bladder is very full, she needs to pee desperately)*

*Inner thoughts: (This is going to be the longest hour of my life... I just hope I can make it through without bursting.)*

Camillia paced back and forth in the living room, squirming uncomfortably as her bladder continued to fill up. She tried to distract herself by focusing on other things, but her mind kept drifting back to her full bladder.

*Bladder 118% (Her bladder is very full, she needs to pee desperately)*

*Inner thoughts: (I can't believe I agreed to this... I should have just cheated and left the room anyways. This is torture!)*

As the minutes ticked by, Camillia's discomfort grew more intense. She could feel her bladder starting to leak, leaving wet spots on her legs. The warmth spreading throughout her crotch only served to heighten her desperation.

*Bladder 119% (Her bladder is very full, she needs to pee desperately)*

*Inner thoughts: (I can't hold it much longer... I'm going to pee myself soon!)*

&&

Mark: "Hmm... i'm gonna make this a little more fun. I'm gonna go hide the key to the bathroom somewhere in the house. Once the hour is up you can leave the living room and find it to open the bathroom"

Camillia : "W-what?! You can't do that! That's not fair!"

Mark: "You're right, it isn't fair. But I'm still gonna do it" Mark said, while walking out of the room to hide the key.

Camillia : "Dammit! He's really doing this to me!"

*Inner thoughts: (Oh god, now I have to search the entire house for the key? This is too much!)*

The next few minutes dragged on interminably as Camillia paced around the living room, her bladder growing more and more uncomfortable. She could feel her control slipping away, her body beginning to betray her desperate need to relieve itself.

*Bladder 120% (Her bladder is full, she needs to pee immediately)*

*Inner thoughts: (I can't hold it any longer! I'm going to lose control soon!)*

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the timer on Camillia's phone went off, signaling that the hour was up. With a sigh of relief, she rushed out of the living room, searching frantically for the hidden key to the bathroom.

*Bladder 125% (Her bladder is full, she needs to pee immediately)*

*Inner thoughts: (Come on, where did he hide the key? I need to find it before I can even start peeing!)*

&&

Camillia searched every corner of the house, opening drawers and peeking under furniture. Her bladder continued to leak, leaving a trail of wetness behind her as she moved from room to room.

Mark: "You know if you beg for it, I might give you a hint"

Camillia : "Please! Anything! Just tell me where the key is!"

Mark: "Well convince me! Im not gonna give it up just like that. What are you willing to do to get that key?"

Camillia : "I'll do anything! Just please tell me where the key is!"

Mark: "Like even... us having sex right now?"

Camillia : "YES PLEASE! ANYTHING!"

&&

Mark: "Okay... lets go to the bedroom"

Camillia : "Thank you!"

Camillia raced to the bedroom, leaking a small trail of pee behind her. She followed Mark inside, her eyes darting around the room searching for the key. As she looked around, she noticed Mark had removed his pants, revealing his hardening member.

*Bladder 130% (Her bladder is at maximum capacity, she can't hold it anymore)*

*Inner thoughts: (I can't wait any longer! I need to pee so badly!)*

Camillia: "Can we please hurry? I really need to use the bathroom!"

With a deep breath, Camillia approached Mark, her bladder protesting loudly against her actions. She wrapped her arms around him, their bodies pressing tightly together.

*Bladder 135% (Her bladder is ready to burst, she can't hold it anymore)*

*Inner thoughts: (I don't know how much longer I can last! This is excruciating!)*

As they began to kiss passionately, Camillia could feel the heat rising between her legs. Her bladder felt as though it was about to explode, the pressure becoming almost unbearable.

*Bladder 140% (Her bladder is ready to burst, she is leaking pee)*

*Inner thoughts: (I can't think about anything else right now! I just need to relieve this pressure!)*

Camillia: "Oh god, I need to pee so bad!" She moaned, her voice laced with desperation.

Mark: "Well lets get started then, so you can find that key"

Camillia : "Yes, please!"

With that, Mark guided Camillia to the bed, laying her down on the soft sheets. He positioned himself between her legs, his erect member pressing against her wet entrance.

*Bladder 145% (Her bladder is going to burst, she can't hold it anymore)*

*Inner thoughts: (I can't believe I'm about to have sex with Mark just to pee! This is insane!)*

Camillia closed her eyes, steeling herself for the inevitable discomfort. She knew that once she began to move, there would be no going back. With a deep breath, she pushed all thoughts of her full bladder from her mind, focusing solely on the sensations Mark's touch was causing.

*Bladder 150% (Her bladder is ready to burst, she can't hold it anymore)*

*Inner thoughts: (Oh my god, I can't hold it any longer! I'm going to pee myself!)*

As Mark thrust into her, Camillia's bladder began to spasm uncontrollably. The pressure grew stronger, making it difficult for her to concentrate on the act. With a moan of despair, she gave in to her body's demands.

&&

Mark: "How does it feel"

Camillia : "So good... but I really need to pee..."

*Bladder 148% (Her bladder is starting to leak out, she can't hold it anymore)*

*Inner thoughts: (It's happening! I'm going to pee during sex! Oh god, this feels amazing!)*

Camillia : "I REALLY can't hold it anymore! I'm gonna pee!"

As Camillia's bladder released its contents, warm liquid gushed out of her. The sensation was unlike anything she had ever experienced before; the mix of pleasure and relief was overwhelming.

*Bladder % (Her bladder reached maximum capacity, and is now emptying itself)*

*Inner thoughts: (OH MY GOD IT FEELS SO GOOD! THIS IS THE MOST INCREDIBLE ORGASM EVER!)*

As Camillia continued to ride the wave of ecstasy, her bladder emptied itself completely. Her lower abdomen relaxed, the intense pressure finally releasing its hold on her body.

*Bladder 0% (Her bladder is empty, she has finished peeing)*

*Inner thoughts: (Wow, I can't believe I just did that. That was the most incredible orgasm ever, and it was all because I needed to pee!)*

&&

With a satisfied sigh, Camillia collapsed onto the bed next to Mark. Her body was covered in sweat, her heart racing from both the exertion and the intensity of her orgasm.

Camillia : "Next time, I get to choose the game we play!"

###

Thanks for reading my story, Im new to making this kind of thing. I might continue this story another time idk

