A Desperate Night

Author: bulgegirly

*000*2023-05-28 05:39

“Fuck!” I whisper-yelled, watching helplessly as a D.Va and Mei performed a double ult, Mei trapping my team with her ice wall and D.Va dive-bombing us.

I angrily took off my headset and turned off my console when I saw the “defeat” screen pop up almost instantly. As I leaned back on the couch, I checked the time on my phone: 2:37am, I suddenly felt an ache in my lower abdomen. My girlfriend, Serana, had been making me hold since about 7pm, just over 7.5 hours. I didn’t realize how badly I needed to go until I stopped gaming and leaned back, suddenly getting a great view of the bottles from the 2 liters of water and about 5 pop cans that I had drank during that time. All that yelling into my headset to beg for heals made me awfully thirsty.

I slowly got up from the couch, untangling myself from my nest of blankets the best I could without jostling my bladder too much. I knew that Serana had locked the bathroom before she went to bed, she said she “didn’t want me getting any ideas” while she wasn’t watching. I began my walk to our bedroom and passed the locked bathroom on the way. I tried the handle just to see, but it didn’t budge of course. I let out a whimper and gently placed a hand over my bladder, it was bulging slightly, just enough to fill out the palm of my hand.I walked into our bedroom and went over to Serana, gently shaking her and whispering her name.

“Serana, baby,” I whispered as I gently shook her and turned her desk lamp on. “Wake up, please.”

Serana rolled her head to look at me and sleepily opened her eyes. “Whaaat?”

“I uh…” I stammered as a wave of desperation suddenly hit. “I have to pee.” I said, lifting my shirt to show her my bulge, she was instantly awake and her eyes lit up.

“Oh? You do now?” She teased, gently pressing on my distended bladder.

I whimpered. “Y-yes, I do, mistress.”

Serana smirked and patted the bed next to her. “Come here, lay down for me, angel.”

I slowly walked around to the other side of the bed and laid down, my bladder sloshing with each movement. As I laid down, Serana sat up in our bed and smiled at me, resting her hand on my stomach just above my bulging bladder. She reached her other hand under my oversized shirt and slid it into my underwear where she rubbed my clit for a moment. I let out a moan.

“Mm, you like it when I touch you like this?” She leaned down and whispered in my ear. I bit my lip and nodded in response.

She smirked and pulled her hand out of my underwear which made me let out a whine. She gently stroked my hair and planted a kiss on my head before a devious look spread across her face and she moved her hand to rest on my bladder.

“Mm w-what are you doing?” I stammered. Even the slight pressure of her hand simply resting on my bladder made me even more desperate.

“I’m going to try to squish this bulge down. If I can, then you’re obviously not full enough. If I can’t, then you can pee, got it?” She asked, increasing the pressure on my bladder slightly, making me squirm. She grabbed my neck with her free hand. “You’re gonna stay still and hold it for me, right?” She whispered as she slightly squeezed my throat.

I nodded and she smiled, letting go of my neck. “Good girl.”

Serana slowly increased her force, squishing my overly-full bladder so it was flat, it looked as if I had no bulge at all. I tightened the muscles in my thighs and held my bladder the best I could. Serana looked up at me with an over-exaggerated “you poor thing” look on her face.

“Oh, that’s too bad.” She said, rubbing her hand in circles as she pressed on my bladder. “You really do look desperate, you’re all red in the face and you look like you’re about to cry. You can’t have to pee that bad, right angel? It’s only been a few hours.”

“I-I do… I r-really h-have to go…” I stammered, doing my best not to squirm.

Serana rubbed my bladder some more before letting up a little. “Oh, I guess I’ll let up on the pressure then.” She said with a smirk. “Just a little bit though, I love playing with your bladder like this. Your bulge is so cute and nice to play with, like a stress ball.”

Serana gently pushed on my bladder with her index and middle finger and began to palpate it. She continued like that for a moment before she switched to rubbing it with her whole hand and occasionally squeezing. My legs began to shake as the pressure started building and I cried out.

“MISTRESS!” I cried, bringing my hands to my crotch and holding myself. “Please, I-I don’t think I c-can h-hold it anymore, please let me p-pee. Pleasepleaseplease.” I desperately begged.

Serana looked at me lovingly before aggressively pushing down on my bladder and removing my hands from my crotch. “Sure you can, I’ll help you.” She said sweetly.

She began to massage my clit while palpating my bladder. She gently ran her fingers over my clit for a moment, teasing me before she started massaging in slow, soft circles. She noticed my nipples getting hard and gently sucked on them through my shirt. I let out a loud moan and started bucking my hips as she increased her speed slightly.

“I-I’m gonna c-cum if you k-keep doing th-that.” I managed to get out between breaths.

“Go ahead, angel, cum for your mistress.” She whispered in a dominant, commanding way.

“N-no, I’m gonna p-pee on you i-if I do.” I stammered, panicking as I knew I wasn’t good at holding back orgasms.

Serana simply smirked at me and continued to pleasure me. I started grinding into her hand and felt the build-up of an orgasm. I finished with a loud moan and an arch of my back. Serana continued to press on my bladder until I lost control and soaked our bed.

“Great job, angel. You were so good for me. Now, let’s get you cleaned up.” Serana said, planting a kiss on my cheek as she got up to draw me a bath.

