Bathroom Break: A Teen Titans Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2019-01-12 22:30

Starfire woke up from her bed at 8:00 she got out of bed and noticed she had a accident again. She said “Oh my I have done the pee again.” Starfire was naked, anyway she walked to the Teen Titans bathroom. Starfire look out if anyone was here she didn’t want to know what she looks like naked except Robin she was madly in love with him. On arriving she felt that she needed a pee so she quickly opened the door and race in, lock it and plonk her sexy ass on the toilet and release. Within seconds she started peeing it was so warm and felt like she was holding it in when sleeping because a lot came out. Then when she stopped peeing, she went and did her normal general things like every human or alien being would do. Meanwhile while doing this Beast Boy was outside and desperately needed to pee, he knocked on the door and said “Raven hurry up I need to go!” Starfire heard him and said “Beast Boy it’s Starfire I will hurry up for you, I umm just brushing my teeth I will hurry up.”

Star tried to hurry up for Beast Boy as she did not want to clean up after him. Star fire was done she opened the door and Beast Boy saw her naked, he starred at her body. He went in and before he locked the door he said “No wonder Robin thinks your hot.” The door closed and Star screamed like a fan girl that Robin has a crush on her. She walked to Raven’s bedroom to tell her the news she walked in Raven was reading her spell book naked as Star closed the door she put the book down notice Star is naked and she said to her “Beast Boy told me that R...”

“Stop hold on azarath metrion zinthos!” It created a Portal where Raven went in a squatting position and started pooing in it, she stopped closed the portal and said” carry on.” Star carried on “Robin has a crush on me.” Raven was speechless she did know that Beast Boy had the hots for her but never knew if he still did. All she said was “Wow Star that’s good you always loved him and it looks like he does too.

Starfire left thanking Raven as she went back to her room but she was also considering flirting with Robin while naked which is more sexier. She thought no “I can do this later maybe breakfast, yes maybe I could do thing humans call flashing. Star went back in her room and looked at her phone that was charging next to her bedside she looked up the word flashing she looked a at pictures and saw women showing parts of clothing that’s been covered like panties. Star knew what to do she placed on her dressing gown and wear it with no panties on like she did always, which means she was completely naked underneath and could flash her pussy out at Robin and make him love her more than he does. Star hoped her plan would work but now she felt like she needed the toilet again.

To Be Continued...

*004*2019-01-13 12:17

Star was ready to flirt with Robin and she was about to leave her room to go see Raven and tell her about her flirting. But Robin put the breakfast alarm on he cooked breakfast, Star saw Beast Boy and Cyborg walking over to the kitchen and Raven coming as well. Robin made bacon and eggs, which the other titans were ready to eat. Starfire and Raven sat together, but BB and Cyborg sat together.

They started eating it was nice, Star ate a piece of her egg and leaned over to Raven to tell her. She whispered to her that “I’m going to flirt with Robin.” Raven nodded and noticed that she could see Star’s pussy hair underneath her dressing gown, Raven said to her “Star you ummm have no panties on.” Star replied with “It’s all part of the plan. This is what I want you to do use your magic knock down all of Dick’s books so he can pick it up.”

“How do I get there without him noticing I left?”

“Raven I have no idea just think of something that doesn’t sound suspicious.” Robin noticed them talking he asked them what they were talking about, Star said “We were discussing how great breakfast is.” Robin took this as a compliment.

“Raven now.” Ummm Dick I have to use the bathroom and I have to go badly!” Dick agreed and said “Yes”. Raven walked in the direction of the toilet to go to Robin’s room and mess his books up. She got there and used her magic to knock it all down, she went back to the kitchen to tell Robin about the books as a lie.

Starfire was excited for this to happen, Raven came back told Robin about that she saw his books knocked over from coming back from the toilet. Robin quickly finished his breakfast and went to his room to clean it up. He stacked a bunch of books back in there original places, then Starfire came in as he heard the door open. Star said to him “Robin are you sure you don’t need my help?” Robin replied back to her saying “No but thanks for being kind.”

Robin continued with what he did Star took off her dressing gown off to reveal her naked body. Robin wondered if she was still here judging by his door not making a noise, he looked up seeing the naked Starfire look at him. She started masterbating and saying “Mmmm Robin, Beast Boy told me that you have the hots for me! Mmmmm!” Robin was speechless to see the girl who is a alien, that also is his girlfriend naked and being sexually attracted to him. “Mmmmm Dick I love you too and we can fuck if we want? Mmmmmmmmmmm!” Robin never had sex before but accepted her wish but said “Not now.”

Starfire was surprised to see Dick agree to her and helped him with his books and put her dressing gown on and left. Starfire’s pee she needed was getting worse she rushed to the toilet back found it was locked and Beast Boy was inside as she heard him singing. She didn’t want to hold her pee in anymore so she thought of the best place to pee she remembered the downstairs bathroom. She raced into the elevator and while in it she did her best to hold her pee in if Robin controlled the security cameras he would have the biggest erection watching his girlfriend that was bursting for the loo. She managed to hold on she was downstairs she raced to the female toilets but thought she should be naughty and pee her dressing gown while trying pee in a urinal like a actual toilet.

She went inside to men’s toilet and placed her sexy ass one and her naughtiness began. She started peeing her blue dressing gown went to a deep dark blue as to do with her having an accident in them. When done her dressing gown’s fabric was all wet as she successfully peed herself. She placed it in the washing machine which was on the same level as her and went up the elevator in nothing but her being naked. The doors opened up she was back on the upper floor where she was and hopefully would make it back to her room to put on some clothes without being seen in the nude.

To Be Continued...

*005*2019-01-19 21:53

Starfire made her way to her room but not being seen, which was the plan. Starfire was scared what if Beast Boy or Cyborg saw her and would make her embarrassed. She did hear Beast Boy talking quite loud, Star moved to see what was going on Beast Boy needed to go but Raven is taking so long. Star couldn’t help him because she would be seen, but she thought to herself what happens if she doesn’t go and help him nude, but how about she leaves something there for BB to use. Star quite lucky as she found a piece of paper where she was and also a pencil.

Star was writing on it and when completed she chucked it right next to Beast Boy. He picked it up and it said turn it to a rhinoceros and bashed the door down. BB did this he transformed himself into what Star wrote on the paper to be a rhinoceros. He bashed down the door to see Raven peeing in her panties and getting embarrassed that BB is in. Star was clever she created a distraction for BB and to make her way there now unseen.

Star got to her room she quickly tried to get in before Cyborg would come, she opened it and shut the door after she came in. Starfire lay naked sleeping on top of her bed and her dreams might be wild like today. However BB did make it to the toilet and Raven was exposed but the worst for Raven was still to come. Raven went back to her room in her pjs that she deliberately peed in her panties, Raven was sad and angry that the very thing she enjoyed was wetting and messing in her panties with sometimes made stay in the toilet for to long. Raven got to her room she took off her clothes and laid there naked, she again created a portal just like when Star was in her room and she started to pee it felt good reliving herself that way she always hated bed wetting but she could still change.

Raven’s stream ended and she closed the portal and she put her suit on and obviously some new panties on and she left going to Star’s room she knocked on her door but she was still asleep but she woke up to hear it and got up and opened the door Star let Raven in and the door shut after Raven was in.

To Be Continued...

*006*2019-01-28 13:26

Starfire looked at Raven and immediately said to her “I um um I am so sorry that about what happened, you see I told Best Boy to do that because he was so despite for the toilet and I did not know that you were panty peeing in there. I’m so sorry Raven!” Raven looked at her as if she was going to fart but said “ It’s fine Star, it’s just an accident that wasn’t called for.”

Star was surprised by this as she assumed that Raven would be so mad about revealing her deepest darkest secret ‘panty peeing or any type of panty messing’. Raven was 100% chill by this but Star knew that she didn’t want Cyborg to know.

Star felt an urge to pee again, she did the pee pee dance and constantly place her hand on her pussy to hold her floodgates in. Raven quickly contructed a portal to let her friend relive herself as Star did so quickly but it didn’t feel as hot as when she pee in the urinal. She did make it and stopped within seconds as Raven left to leave Starfire alone to get dressed.

Star did not get dressed but went back to sleep and she started to dream. Knock! Knock! Star woke up from her sleep to open her door to reveal Cyborg. He saw her nude and instead of when she showed Robin, who looked amazing by it. He did the complete opposite she looked at her and made fun of her that he called her rude names like nudefire, pussyfire, little miss nudie and the worse of them all little miss pissy. Star was so scared that she started to wet herself immediately by fear which she got her rude nickname ‘little miss pissy’ from.

Star hated him laughing at her as her current of piss still was coming out and she got so mad that she was feeling like bashing the living shit out of him. Cyborg was still laughing and making fun of her as she didn’t like it at all, just then Robin saw this and stopped Cyborg. Where by this time her flow of pee ended and her love saved her.

Star looked around her for Dick but he wasn’t there she knew straight away what had happened she had a dream where she discovered that she peed the bed again but this time on top of it. Star had enough of being naked even know that she loved it and decided to get dress as she put on her purple parties, purple skirt and her purple top on. Then when she was done with that she put her high top boots on and made her way outside.

*007*2019-01-28 20:01

Starfire got out of her room and went to the lounge and put the TV on. There was nothing much on expect the news and weird movies she did not know the name of. She turned the TV off and goes to Raven’s room but she doesn’t know what she is getting herself in. She gets there, knocks on the door and Raven doesn’t come and open it. Could she be asleep or could she be busy said Star to herself.

She waited there until the door would open and it didn’t. She had no idea than this but she did hear water dripping in the room. She used one of her eye beams and melted the doorknob inside letting her come in but she was so shocked to see this. What happened was Raven was dressed as a schoolgirl and peeing in a white panty, Raven looked like a British schoolgirl but looked like Alicia Silverstone young but with black hair.

She opened it again and left Raven to pee. Then she went back to the lounge and watched TV she put the news on and some of the stories mentioned that Posion Ivy is at large at Gotham, live coverage of Superman’s cousin Supergirl using the toilet at Smallville and Batgirl trying to tract down The Joker’s whereabouts.

The first and third story were pretty interesting but the second one was just so plain weird of course Kara has used a toilet but obviously not going in with her suit on. Any way she turned the TV off to find her friends but she could hear a little beeping noise from the computer and she went downstairs using the lifts to go to see what was wrong, when arriving she ran straight to the computer as it said that their enemies The Hive had hacked into the system of the computer.

Raven stopped peeing to put her suit on but tried it without any panties and she heard the alarms go off as so did BB, Cyborg and Robin went down to see what it was.e

To Be Continued

*009*2019-02-09 21:06

All the Titans were gathered downstairs Stafford told Robin what had happened and then are pre recorded message from Gizmo popped up. “Hello Titans, this is Gizmo. I have hacked your computer to take over the Titan Tower! Mahahahah! I will be using to to control and spy on everything you do. I will also be watching you every day and night, when you wake up, when you sleep and even going to the bathroom.

Raven had an urge to pee but could she hold it in throughout the whole fight. Gizmo continued Titans come to the mall because we are there and come and fight us. The message ended leaving Robin angry, he said “Titans we can’t let Gizmo do what he wants. Imagine if he did succeed and when we go to the bathroom he can see what we all do. In Raven’s mind she could imagine her peeing in something like her panties and Gizmo can see her doing it.

“Titans go!” They all went to the T-car (the main transport for the titans). So Robin was driving, Cyborg next to him, Raven and Starfire together and Beast Boy next to Starfire.

The Titans don’t know what’s coming there way!

To Be Continued

*011*2019-02-15 21:26

The Titans are going to need the T-Car to get to the hive. They are now outside and want to open the garage door. Robin unlocks the door and they all hop on in the car. So Robin is driving, Cyborg is next to him, Starfire is next to Raven and Beast Boy is next to Starfire. Robin turns on the car and the Teen Titans are off. Raven’s urge to pee is getting worser, she can do only one thing that the other titans won’t know what she is doing. That thing is shifting in her seat she did but Starfire noticed it and she had to tell her. Raven said it whispering “Starfire I desperately need to pee.” Star responded with “Raven why don’t you use your portal?” Raven said nothing but shook her head meaning no. Raven had to hold it in.

She placed her hands to hold her pussy and to close her floodgates. Robin announced that they made it there and all of them got out of the car and went to find luckily for Raven the other titans weren’t running. They managed to find the Gizmo said “Well the Titans good job you came. I bet that you only came here to stop me because you didn’t want to get spied on especially on the toilet.”

That statement about the toilet made Raven sad as if she had to piss herself in her suit. If she did she would have to cover it up with her cape. Raven snapped out of it. If she kept talking about her urge she could’ve just had an accident right now. Raven didn’t hear what Robin said to Gizmo, she probably thought he said you will never spy on the Teen Titans ever and then fight. They were about to fight and Robin told the Titans “Ok Titans. Raven you fight Jinx, Beast Boy you fight Mammoth, Cyborg you fight Billy Numerous and Starfire you fight See-More.”

They started fighting in the order that Robin made and Jinx knocked Raven so far back Raven could feel she had a small accident in her suit. Raven fell and regained control and she used her magic to turn into anything to hurt Jinx and would knock her down. Raven did it and noticed something Jinx fell with her legs apart leaving backside to show and Raven found white panties. She did not put any on so she thought if she put it on, she could pee in that and place it on Jinx as if she had an accident in panties, but she didn’t want to she wanted the toilet not in panties.

Raven saw the sign for toilets she followed it until she ended up there. She found it there was the ladies room and her urge know was about to come out. She panicked and opened the door for the toilet but the toilets in ever stall was broken. So what can she do, two things came in her mind.

1. She should just pee in the suit 2. She should just go on Jinx

She very much love the second option so she went back to where Jinx’s body lay and check her surroundings no one not even a Titan. Raven took off her clothes to just reveal her naked with just a black laced bra on. Her urge just ended her hot golden stream of pee flowed out off her pussy and conveniently went on Jinx’s pink skirt looking like she peed herself. Raven’s stream ended with her loving every squirt of pee coming out and got dressed again. She went to regroup with the other Titans, when finding them she found them defeated the Hive and they went home.

Raven was so relieved that she made it and didn’t wet herself.

To Be Continued...

*012*2019-02-23 21:47

The Titans went back to the car and to go back home. Now Starfire just now had an urge to shit and there was bad news which was a traffic jam. Robin was getting frustrated and wanting to go back home for a reason.

Star could tell that she would not make it because of this traffic. Her urge was getting worser and couldn’t keep it in, she told the Titans about her urge and Robin didn’t want that to happen to his girlfriend. Raven told Robin she can make a portal for her to go in. “Raven what happens if Star misses from the portal and accidentally does it on her seat?”

“Dick I use this if I simply unable to go to the bathroom and I urinate and poo in it and I never missed.”

“Ok then let’s try it.” Raven told Starfire to take off her seatbelt and to take of her skirt and panties. She did and now she had to shift her ass up so Raven could make the portal. “Azarath metrion zinthos!” The portal was placed on Star’s seat so she could go in Star now nudge her ass back down to be placed on the portal. Her body felt like she was sitting on a toilet.

She let lose her poo came out of her ass falling in the portal she was relieved that she made it and had an accident in panties. She kept going she had a lot in the tanker and just let everything come out she was done and Raven closed the portal. Star put on her skirt and panties back on and waited to get home.

To Be Continued...

*016*2019-03-02 20:27

The Titans got home, they were at Titan Tower. Everyone got out of the car and go inside their home and hopefully no one destroyed it. The Titans went up the elevator to get to the top floor, but in the elevator Raven felt an urge for the toilet again. The elevator door was open they got to the floor Raven quickly ran to the toilet unseen by the other Titans and she did not tell Robin were she was going. She went straight to the ladies and hopped in one of the stalls, she went in the first one. She took her cape off and hung it up on a hanger, Raven took off her belt and she was having problems with taking her bodysuit off.

Raven desperately needs to go and it was clear on what it is, her bladder throbbed meaning she has to pee. Then she starts farting too “Really I have to pee and poo and I can’t get my bodysuit off to go.” Raven grabbed herself doing the pee dance and trying again to take it off. She started to pee in her suit, she regained control after and then she found what is wrong. She hesitated that she was going to get caught by the other Titans so she quickly put her clothes back on she put it on backwards, which is hard to take off.

She finally did it she kept farting uncontrollably and her bladder was aching but she took it off she didn’t care how but just wanted to actually go and use the toilet. She sat on it and out came her poo and she started to pee it was so warm she was happy she made it and not had accident she would hide from the Titans, but that was for another time.

She got out of the bathroom and went up the elevator to the top floor were the Titans lived, sleep, go to the bathroom, watch TV, cook and do the laundry and a secret room which no one knew what was inside.

To Be Continued...

*018*2019-05-25 14:34

Raven was in the secret room, this room was hidden where the elevator was located. You couldn’t see the door it was controlled by a secret magic that only Raven knew and maybe should tell Starfire. Raven used her magic to take off her cape and bodysuit, the room is Raven’s naughty area because she would go relieve herself in most of her old clothing that she wore in the 80s. Most of it was Raven’s Daisy Dukes, that now made her butt look big. She loved it like this because it was just right for her to purposely wet in and have accidents in. She also had the old washing machine in there, but placed a spell on it so it doesn’t make any noise. There was also old books that she would read and masterbate when any mentions of sex are in the book, these all were novels with sex in the storyline. Raven was definitely a very naughty girl back in the day.

There was also this photo which Raven was in probably the 90s where she was dressed as a schoolgirl and showing her piss her panties, she also had this big sexy grin on her face. There was the best thing in the world to her, which was a old photo with Star and her together. They were both naked and peeing on the bed, Raven remembers this it was in 2012 and it shot on Starfire’s iPhone 4s.

Cyborg is in his room trying to fix he’s suit that Mammoth destroyed. It was repairable the parts were all made from these very old bolts and screws from 2010 which you can’t find anymore. So Cyborg searched he’s suit rack for any suit that was intact and didn’t have any problems. The only one suit that did not have a problem with was he’s suit from the 80s, so he took off he’s suit now and put on he’s old suit. It still fitted him, which was great because he didn’t want to get naked and fix he’s old suit. He was getting very thirsty, so he left he’s room for the kitchen. He’s newer suit shifted into a slot for it to go and he’s suit rack closed.

Cyborg couldn’t stop drinking he probably had 12 bottles of water at an estimate. Soon after that he started to feel desperate for the toilet, without any doubt he raced for the toilet. But when he arrived he found out that Beast Boy was inside and knew he wouldn’t make if he waited outside. He raced to the elevator to go to the other bathroom. He got the elevator and went down.

Meanwhile in the secret room, Raven found Star’s old iPhone in there and immediately took videos of her masterbating. She ended up peeing in some old panty that she found lying on the ground. It smelt like shit because in the late 90s she started to have a kink about panty pooping and it still stank. She was peeing now and they got so soaked that slid her hand in and peed on her hand. She very much enjoyed it. She also remembered that this room was like a jail cell and she would piss and shit in a flip top bin.

Meanwhile Cyborg was on the bottom floor and persisted on he’s urge because he’ll never give up and he got there just in time. Hopefully? He went in a stall and closed the door. He then tried to open he’s breastplate to take it off so he could pee, but he remembered that he didn’t fix the problem about taking it off. So he had to do it. He’d let it happen, he started to pee it felt so warm and Cyborg pissed himself. The warm piss coming out of he’s penis was so warm that it felt even warmer when it hit the breastplate.

He couldn’t believe he’d do that and left the bathroom to carry on his life.

To Be Continued...

