Dreams of Lunambra - Book One

Author: Bulge_Lover

*000*2016-06-29 20:55

Hello, readers. Many of you are probably familiar with my medieval omorashi series, Lunambra. This is a complete reboot of that series, now taking place in a high-fantasy world with all the magic associated with such a genre. It features many of the same characters, and some new ones as well. The main series has come to a close, and I cannot find the inspiration to write spinoffs when every character is right where I want them. This is by far the longest story I've ever written, by a few thousand words. Be warned that this is not simply Omorashi fiction - It is an intense and dramatic tale of magic and war, not meant for a quick wank & walk. Since this story is so long, if you wish to read it in multiple sittings, simply remember the chapter number you're on and CTRL+F the number. And so I present: Dreams of Lunambra - Book One.

*******************

Part One – Rain

*******************1

Marina sighed as she waved her hand at the last lit torch in the hall and watched the lesser air spell float over it and envelop the flame, extinguishing it quickly. She dropped her arm and turned for the servant's quarters, pausing to squeeze her legs together for a moment. Finally done. I really need a wee...I hope someone remembered to empty our chamberpot, I don't know if I could even make it to the window...

She began slowly making her way through the dark halls by muscle memory, turning right at the end and proceeding towards the wooden door that led into the large chamber where the castle's servants slept each night. A few meters from the door, she felt her bladder throb and she stopped, bending over slightly and gritting her teeth. Come on, Marina. Just a little more. She brushed her long red hair from her eyes, taking a second to squeeze her left hand tightly against her womanhood. She took a few more steps and knew the door was right in front of her. She reached out for the knob, blind in the darkness. Instead of the iron bar she anticipated, she felt soft and warm flesh.

Marina squeaked and jumped back, gasping as a burst of wee forced its way out of her and dripped onto the floor under her simple cotton dress. She double-crossed her legs, nearly falling over in the process, and opened her eyes wide towards the door. “Who are you?” she called out, trying and failing to insert a threatening tone into her voice.

“Oh no, I'm caught!” a humored male voice shot back. “To the stockades with me!”

Marina exhaled deeply and relaxed; or at least as much as she could without emptying her bladder on the spot. “Baeden! Bloody hell, I've missed you so much. I did not expect you back until the morning. I can't believe you've done this, I'm nearly wetting my dress.”

“All the better for me,” the Prince said with an obvious smirk in his voice. “I've missed you too, you beautiful girl. We've never been apart for this long since we first lay together. I was going to camp for the night, but I decided to force journey's end when I saw stormclouds forming earlier in the evening. Also, I did not want to spend one more night away from you. I'm guessing the rain should be starting any moment now.”

“If I hear it raining, I'll wee immediately. Are you going to let me through?”

“You should know better than that by now, Marina,” Baeden responded.

Marina sighed but smiled. “Figured it was worth a try. So, what are we going to do tonight?”

“We're going up on the turret of my tower, before the rains start. There's something I want to show you,” he said. The humor fell from his voice, replaced by a soft, loving tone that told her that she was in for something nice. She felt him take her hand and lead her away from the relief that her room would bring, but she did not mind. When she was with Baeden, the throbbing pressure in her belly was a welcome feeling, a sensation that she had learned to love. She did her best to walk properly, but it was difficult with her bladder so full.

“Baeden, wait,” Marina panted. “I honestly won't make it to the tower. I got held up earlier, the Queen had me pick up some new dress from the tailor and it took me over an hour to get it done. I really need to let a little out if you want anything from me tonight.”

Baeden stopped and sighed. “Let me check, then,” he whispered, grasping Marina around the back of her waist with his left hand and placing his right over her belly.

Marina looked up at him with puppy-dog eyes and a playful frown. “If you do that, I really might not be able to hold it in. Are you willing to clean up after me?”

“You know I am,” Baeden confirmed. He placed his hand on her bladder and gave it a soft push. Marina inhaled sharply and leaned back into his arm, squeezing her eyes shut and holding her legs together. He gently massaged her stretched skin, periodically pressing into her with his thumb. “Seems like you really are full. Let us see what we can do about that...” He increased the strength of his hand against her, and despite how hard she fought, she felt her hold slip and a thin, restrained stream of wee started flowing from her. It sprayed against the front of her beige dress, staining it all the way down to her knees and splattering onto the floor.

She felt maybe three seconds of relief before Baeden released his grip on her bladder. She immediately doubled over, shoving both of her hands against herself and breathing heavily. “Oh, fuck, that nearly made it worse. Give me a moment...” She stood still like a statue, trying to regain control of her muscles that were internally screaming at her for giving them such a quick tease of relief. About thirty seconds later, she stood straighter and gave Baeden a nod. “I think I'm alright for now.”

“Good,” Baeden said simply. He stepped towards Marina and held his hand out over her dress. “Are you ready?”

“Always,” she answered. Baeden closed his eyes and exhaled slowly, and Marina felt the weight of her wet dress fading away as the liquid was pulled from the cotton. Streams of the very light yellow fluid formed into a small orb, joining the little bit that had fallen to the floor. Baeden the Water Prince turned his hand over, and the tiny orb of Marina's wee lifted above it, floating in the air between them.

Baeden exhaled again and opened his fingers wide, and the liquid evaporated before their eyes, floating away as nothing but a small puff of vapor, soon to dissipate above them. Baeden dropped his hand, smiling widely at Marina. “Water magic is so much more difficult with wee than it is with clear water. I'm not sure why it is, but if I keep practicing, maybe I can be the world's first powerful Piss Mage.”

Marina giggled and gave him a light punch in the shoulder. “Piss Mage, that's the worst thing I've ever heard,” she choked out, bending over again to hold herself through her laughter.

“Well, that's what it is, innit?” Baeden shot back, trying to stifle his own chuckling. “What the hell else can I call it?”

“Aye, you've got a point there,” Marina breathed. Anyway, let's get up to the tower, quickly. I'm still bursting.”

“As you say,” Baeden agreed, and he jogged ahead with Marina doing her best to keep up with him. She ignored the pulses sent by her heavy bladder bouncing against her privates with each step. They soon reached the bottom of the Prince's tower that held his chambers and his own private armory. He started up the stairs and Marina followed, pausing every few steps to breathe and hold herself. He politely waited for her at each break, and it took five minutes at her slow, desperate pace to reach the top. As if on cue, Marina heard the first of the raindrops as Baeden pushed the trapdoor to the roof open.

She stumbled out onto the turret behind him, falling onto her rear and twisting her legs together as far as they would go. “Oh, bloody hell, the rain makes holding it impossible!” she moaned, leaning back and folding her hands tightly against herself, squirming around on the stone floor like a playful cat.

“The sound of the rain, you say?” Baeden spoke softly. “That's why I brought you up here, to show you how much my power has grown since I last properly demonstrated it for you. See if this makes you feel any better.” With that, Baeden stood straight and thrust his arms out in either direction, and Marina's breath caught in her chest as the rain ceased immediately. It did not simply stop raining, rather the rain stopped, each drop floating freely in the air around them.

“Baeden,” Marina whispered with astonishment clear in her voice and her leaking bladder all but forgotten. “This magic is more powerful than I've ever seen. When did you learn how to do this?”

“Promise me. Swear to me that you will believe the truth as I tell it,” Baeden said to her, staring seriously into her eyes.

Marina let out a quick breath, shaking slightly as the dampness between her thighs threatened to grow if she did not attend to her desperate need soon. “How could you even ask that of me? You know that I trust you with my life and my soul both. Anything you say, I believe as the word of a god.”

Baeden lowered his arms. The floating raindrops vibrated slightly, but stayed in place as he leaned against the turret wall. “Were you informed of any details when I left for Great Oak a month ago?”

“I was,” Marina confirmed. She was leaning against the opposite wall, her right leg folded over her left and both hands nursing her bulging belly. She wanted so badly to empty herself on the roof right this second, but she did not want to distract Baeden from his tale. Every few seconds, a tiny drop of wee slipped past her grasp, unnoticeable on the wet floor of the castle turret. “From what I overheard in the council meeting, the ocean suddenly receded nearly ten kilometers from the village, and they were unable to get the fish and weeds they needed to survive. You left to bring them food aid. What happened over there?”

“Well, as you say, the town was dry and covered in rancid salt by the time I arrived. We delivered the food, and I spoke with the town's mayor. Apparently, nobody had gone to the water's edge in weeks, fearing the sudden resurgence of the tide. I decided to take the chance, foolishly believing that my pathetic water magic might be of some help. I walked the distance alone, it took most of the day, trudging through the sand and salt. The sun was getting low in the sky when I finally set foot in the sea. I did all I could think of, casting the few spells I knew into the endless ocean, trying to pull the water, obviously to no effect. The sun had nearly fallen below the horizon when I saw...”

Baeden's face went blank. He stared into the sky, seemingly lost in his own memories. His focus was so lost that the rain began to slowly descend, and it only stopped once Marina leaned forwards and placed her damp left hand on Baeden's shoulder, causing him to jump and regain sense. “Tell me, my Prince,” Marina whispered. “What did you see?”

“The Oceanic Primordial,” Baeden said simply. His gaze was still unfocused, but he held his eyes directly on hers.

Marina blinked. “You can't possibly-”

“It was,” Baeden stated firmly. “I was still splashing about at the water's edge when what was left of the sun's light faded. I knew it was too early, so I stopped what I was doing and looked towards the star. What I saw was a woman made from the ocean itself, at least a hundred kilometers from her feet to the crown of her head. She stood tall, towering above the setting sun, reflecting its light in every direction. She looked at me, Marina. Right at me, with glowing eyes mirroring the soul of the ocean itself. Her head many lengths beyond the clouds, and somehow she looked to me alone.”

Marina slid to the ground, her mouth hanging open. “One of the four creators of this Earth...gave you this power?” She tried so hard to keep her attention on the Prince, but the strong spurts of wee that were now nearly constantly shooting from her throbbing womanhood kept most of her thoughts on her own failing body.

“I do not know,” Baeden conceded. “She did not speak to me, or motion at me in any way. She just looked at me. And then she lost form, sinking back into the vastness. The tides returned, and I had no hope of standing against them. I was swept away and lost consciousness instantly, waking up in the forests outside Great Oak. The shores were completely annihilated, but both myself and the town somehow survived. Ever since that day, my magic has has been powerful enough to terrify even myself.”

Marina got to her knees and shifted to the other side of the turret, settling in snugly beside Baeden. “I cannot even begin to comprehend what you've seen,” she whispered. “But listen, I'm wetting myself right this second. We will explore your new strength on the new day, but for now I just want you to handle me as you always do. Release the rain and let us become one again.”

Baden closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them onto the woman he loved. He reached out with both hands and grasped the sides of her dress, lifting it above her privates which were now leaking freely. He undid his own drawstring and within seconds he was inside of her. The rain began to fall again right as she completely lost control of her waters, letting them flow all across Baeden's manhood and body. She gyrated and thrusted to match his own movements, feeling endless pleasure shooting up into her body as she let the relief take her over. She placed her hands across her belly and pushed in hard, and Baeden groaned his appreciation as her stream increased greatly against him. Between the rain and her own liquid, Baeden was soaked from head to toe, and the water twisted and churned around him as if responding to his emotions alone, absent thought of magic.

Ten minutes later, they both lay side by side, completely spent. Marina's bladder finally had the relief it had needed for so many hours, and Baeden was just laying there naked from the waist down, staring into space. As Marina felt herself drifting to sleep, she felt warmness against her right leg. She turned her head to Baeden to see him emptying his own bladder freely, his manhood laying to one side of his thigh, facing her. She reached out and took it, feeling the liquid pulse through him as it joined her own massive puddle that likely outweighed the rain itself.

They both stayed there for a long time, breathing heavily and enjoying the feel of the cool rain against their exhausted bodies. Eventually, Baeden sat up and got to his feet. “We should turn to our bed,” he said softly. “We must awaken early and prepare for Jarkan's party tomorrow. We have a long day ahead of us.”

Marina sighed and stood as well, exhaling as she let out the little bit of extra wee that had found its way to her bladder while they laid there. “Indeed. I'm the one who has to do all the work, anyway,” she quipped.

“Not to worry, I will keep you from the worst of it. Besides, with the old laws soon to be abolished, we shall be properly wed and you will have your rightful place as my Princess.”

****************************

Part Two – Underground

****************************2

“My Queen, it is time to wake up. Jarkan's caravan has been spotted approaching the river."

Queen Jenara slowly opened her eyes, squinting against the morning light. “Naida? I thought I told you not to enter without knocking. What if I was indecent?”

The young brown-haired servant girl sighed. “My Queen, you do realize that I dress you every morning? I've seen all there is to see of you.”

“Just follow my command,” Jenara snapped. The truth was that she did not mind her servants seeing her naked, but she did not want to be caught over the chamberpot. No matter how intimately someone knew her, it would still be mortifying. She needed her morning relief, and now that Naida was here, there was no chance for it at the moment. Jenara yawned and blinked hard, and with one thought she was standing on the other side of her room, near her wardrobe. She stumbled slightly but caught herself quickly, grabbing onto the handle of the large piece of furniture. The first shift of the day was always disorienting, no matter how many times she experienced it.

“Do you really have to teleport around your own room? It is very startling,” Naida complained.

“It is not teleportation, and I keep telling you not to call it that,” Jenara said, ignoring Naida's displeasure. “I simply move faster than a lesser mind can comprehend. I call it 'Shifting,' and you should too.”

“Very well, my Queen,” Naida conceded. “Anyway, what will you wear for today's ceremonies?”

Jenara pulled open the wardrobe, looking at her massive collection of dresses, skirts, and corsets. “I cannot decide. I feel like red or purple would display power and give example that I will not back down easily, but I also do not want to appear overly aggressive. Light blue or emerald would seem more peaceful, but I do not want their ambassador to see me as weak when he first lays eyes on me.”

“May I suggest a deep blue dress with black lace?” Naida offered.

Jenara thought for a moment, then nodded. “I like it. A serious appearance but with no meaning in blood or position.” In the blink of an eye, Jenara had her dress, corset, and underskirt laid out on her bed. Continuing to ignore Naida's exasperated glare at her needless shifting about the room, she stood still and held her arms out to her sides. While it was never expected for a Queen to dress herself, she couldn't help but feel annoyed at the time it took as Naida pulled and tugged at her, trying to get the outfit in place. Unfortunately, no matter how fast she was, Jenara could not tie or untie the back of her own dress or corset.

As said corset was positioned around her and pulled tight, she felt her slightly full bladder tingling inside of her. How annoying...if only I had woken up myself two minutes earlier. Still, there was nothing to be done about it now. She waited as Naida pulled the dress over her head and laced up the back. The dress was on, but the worst part – her hair – was yet to come. Jenara shifted into the chair in front of her mirror, causing Naida to gasp and jog over to her with a suppressed growl.

As Naida began her work on the Queen's hair, her other chambermaid, Hazel, poked her head in through the door. Through the door, which was not open in the slightest. “My Queen, I've heard-”

“HAZEL!” Jenara shouted at her, suddenly and loudly. The servant shrieked and tripped, tumbling through the still-closed door and landing in a heap on the carpet. “I swear to the Primordials, if you phase in here absent warning once more, I will have you in the dungeons. Wait, can dungeons even hold you? Well, I'll have Gaston throw you into the fucking sun or something equally as deadly. It is absolutely unacceptable.”

Hazel got to her knees, trembling. The Queen was nearly always composed; when she cursed, it meant that she was seriously mad. “I apologize, my Queen. I swear to you, it will not happen again.”

“THAT IS WHAT YOU SAID THE LAST TWO TIMES!” Jenara screamed.

“It's just how I naturally move,” Hazel cried. “I do not think of it. I will never do so again. Please, my Queen, be merciful.”

Jenara glared at her, then sighed and turned back to the mirror. “Very well. This is your last warning. If it happens once more, I will have your life. Now get up and speak the words you came here to tell.”

Hazel stood up slowly, keeping her legs held together. Unbeknownst to the Queen and the other serving girl, Jenara's threat had nearly caused Hazel to wet herself on the spot. She had a busy schedule this morning, and since her magic allowed her privacy at any time by simply sinking through the ground into the tunnels below Lunambra, she had been holding a full bladder since she woke up. She usually waited until she started leaking before she took care of it, as anything less was a waste of time.

“Of course, my Queen,” Hazel mumbled tearfully. She inhaled slowly, trying to regain control before she spoke. She felt her muscles tighten, and she finally managed to stand straight. “I've heard some strange talk from the night guards, returning to their chambers during the morning shift change. They said that a storm came over the castle last night, and soon after it started the rain ceased in midair, the drops floating as though caught in time. They had never witnessed such a thing, and told me to inform you.”

Jenara squinted at Hazel through the mirror. “I've never heard of such a thing either,” she said softly. “I would assume it's the Nymphs playing in the night. They are unpredictable, but harmless. Tell me if anything else is reported, but I would not be concerned of this alone.”

“As you say, my Queen,” Hazel agreed. “Is there anything else you would have of me, or may I be excused?” She did not mean to rush the Queen, but she felt wetness between her legs and desperately wanted to escape before she started leaking on the Queen's floor from under her dress.

“No, be gone from my sight,” Jenara snapped. “In fact, I do not wish to see you for a few days, while my anger at your thoughtless actions subsides. Serve my son until Jarkan's party leaves us.”

“Prince Baeden already has Marina, would you not rather have me-”

“Do as I command,” Jenara interrupted. “With how he fawns over that girl, he will not ask anything difficult of her. You are to do what she will not. Go to him, now.”

Hazel nodded and turned away, slowly walking through the door and into the hallway. As soon as she was clear of the wood, she gasped and shoved both hands between her legs, bending forwards and shutting her eyes. Her hands immediately felt wetness, and her bladder throbbed with every breath. She had been fine before she entered the Queen's chamber, but after that scare, it was all she could do to keep herself from bursting all over the floor. Baeden is too kind, he will ask nothing important of me. I must have relief.

Hazel knew the underground like she knew her own body. She knew where in the castle she could simply sink straight down and land in a tunnel. She turned left and hobbled down the hall, gasping as she felt a few drops of wee fill the dry part of her dress that she held against herself. Just a few more feet. She jogged the last small distance to the end of the hall, and she stopped and knelt down. Here we go.

It took her a moment to focus. Usually she could phase instantly, but she was too desperate to take her mind off it. Ten seconds later, she felt her knees sink into the stone, and then she was going down. She fell through the tower floor, catching a glance of two startled guards, then she was through the second floor of the castle proper, then the first, then through the foundation and dirt, and finally she was kneeling in the thin, humid tunnel. She stood and spread her legs quickly, pulling her dress up above her womanhood.

As soon as the fabric cleared the line of fire, she was releasing a strong stream against the stone floor. She breathed in ecstasy as she leaned back against the wall, watching her stream flow from her like a waterfall. The first time she came down here, she had expected the tunnels to be pitch-black and scary. However, they were well lit with magical torches that never went out, which had apparently been there for hundreds of years. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes, enjoying the sensation of her much-needed relief. Not ten seconds later, she heard it. A voice, a male voice shouting from a very short distance to her right.

Hazel screamed and let go of her dress. Unable to stop her stream, it sprayed against the fabric, soaking it through. She stumbled away from the wall, coming face-to-face with a tall man in black leather armor and a full face mask. “How the fuck did you get down here?” he was shouting in a heavy Eastern accent. Hazel turned and ran, her water still spraying from her and sliding down her legs as she moved. The man sprinted after her, and she screamed as she heard the sudden roar of some unknown beast. She turned a corner just as her bladder finally emptied completely, and she shrieked as she spotted five more men dressed the same, standing over a massive, glowing red crystal. In one second, she knew what she was seeing. A runestone, a magical artifact capable of storing powerful spells.

The men turned to her and she stopped short and spun, screaming again as she saw a great grey dog growling in front of her, where the first man had been seconds before. The dog leapt at her and she shut her eyes, putting all her mind and soul into her magic, and with a centimeter to spare the dog phased through her body. She dove sideways, phasing through the tunnel wall, and she was safe.

********************

Part Three – War

********************3

“Baeden, stop it,” Marina moaned. She folded her legs together and tried fruitlessly to remove Baeden's hand from her belly. “We don't have time for this now, Jarkan's party will be arriving any moment, you must dress and prepare for their welcome.”

“I am not going anywhere until you wee,” Baeden responded with a smirk. He continued pressing on her hard bladder, growing stiff as she gasped and squirmed against him.

“Oh, fine, but I'm not doing it on the bed. If their ambassador wants a tour of the castle, it would not do him well to find a great puddle in the Prince's bed. I doubt even you could magic out all this wee. Release me so I may relieve myself properly for once.”

Baeden sighed and removed his hand, watching Marina gingerly stand up. He smiled at her naked body as she leaned slightly forwards and clenched her fists. Since she had last emptied late last night, she would not normally be so desperate in the morning, but Baeden had insisted she drink much before bed so they could have some fun when they woke up. She slowly started towards the cabinet where the chamberpot was kept, but Baeden grasped her shoulder and held her back. “You really think I'd let you use the pot? Who do you think I am?”

Marina groaned. “Where then? Somewhere it cannot be seen.”

“How about-” Baeden's idea was interrupted by a crash from right below him. He gasped and jumped back, staring in awe as a human hand flew from the floor beneath his feet. Baeden stumbled backwards and tore his dresser open, throwing on a robe and pulling his personal shortsword from its place against the wall beside it. He aimed the tip at the squirming hand in the floor before it was followed by a small brown-haired woman in a white servant's dress. Baeden sighed and resheathed his blade. “I heard about you from my mother. Your name is Hazel, is it...”

Baeden's voice trailed off as his eyes caught the state of her. Crying, shaking head to toe, the front of her dress soaked with what was likely piss. “Tunnels,” she choked out. “Men in the tunnels, with a runestone.”

Baeden knelt next to her and grasped her shoulders firmly, holding her in a comforting manner. Marina stood to the side, attempting to cover her breasts and womanhood with her hands while also hiding the fact that she was desperate for relief. “Tell me what happened,” Baeden whispered to her. “You are safe now, find your breath and speak plainly.”

Hazel was gasping for air, but after a moment she closed her eyes and exhaled, seeming to regain a small amount of composure. She looked up to Baeden and began to speak softly into his ear. “I went to speak with the Queen earlier, and she told me to come serve you. On the way, I...Oh, I cannot say...”

“What? Please, Hazel, you do not need to fear me like you do my mother. You were in the tunnels? Why?”

Hazel began crying softly again. “After I left the Queen's chambers, I needed to relieve myself. I phased down into the tunnels for privacy, and I was attacked. There were six men that I saw, dressed all in black, and there was a huge dog. Five of them were in the process of enchanting a giant runestone right under the castle.”

Baeden's face went to stone, his jaw locking and his eyes growing hard. He stood and pulled Hazel to her feet. “It is Jarkan. They plan to betray us, as they have often done in the past. The runestone could be anything, but it is most likely a vortex enchantment, they plan to pull the whole castle into the tunnels below. The Queen must be informed. Hazel, go back to her and tell-”

Hazel shrieked quickly and shook her head violently. “I cannot go back to the Queen. She is furious with me, she would see me executed.”

“Fucking hell, she is so-” Baeden exhaled deeply and pursed his lips. “Oh, forget it. I will go to my mother. Marina, get dressed and come with me. Hazel, go find General Gaston. Tell him what we have learned, but word it as though it was I who was in the tunnels, inspecting the water supply.”

“I, uh,” Hazel started. “I must return to the servant's quarters to change first. My dress...” She glanced down at the garment, soaked all down the front with her wee.

“Not to worry, I can manage that,” Baeden said quickly. With one wave of his hand, Baeden pulled the liquid from the front of Hazel's dress, compressed it into a small orb, and shot it out the window beside his bed.

Hazel opened her eyes wide, patting around her privates from the outside of the dress and looking up to Baeden. “How did you- What in the-”

“You know I'm a Water Mage,” Baeden told her with a slight smirk that could not hide the concern in his eyes. “Works with piss too.” And with that, he turned and strode out his door. Marina followed behind him, groaning as she struggled to pull one of Baeden's maroon belted tunics over her breasts. “The belt, Marina,” Baeden sighed. “Why are you putting on my tunic anyway?”

Marina blinked and grasped for the leather strap, pulling the buckle open. Finally she slid it over her chest and let it settle right above her knees. “Sent my dress for washing last night after we came down from the tower, remember?” She suddenly stopped and gasped, folding her left leg across her right and squeezing her eyes shut. “Baeden, I understand the importance of all this, but I have not had relief yet. I am not sure how long I can wait.”

“Wee off the Queen's balcony after I leave to escort her to the war room,” Baeden said. “You must stay by my side until we reach her. If the castle is taken out from under us, your air magic will slow our falls and prevent both of our deaths. Once I join my mother, her speed magic would get all of us out of the castle before it fell.”

Marina nodded and stood as straight as she could manage. She felt such pressure against her privates, but she was not on the verge of losing control quite yet. She had held much more than this in the past. “Quickly, then,” she said, following close behind Baeden. It was five minutes until they reached the Queen's tower. The castle was not so massive, but they were continuously stopped by servants and residents wishing them well or asking questions about the day's events. Baeden shrugged them all off, simply nodding or giving generic responses about wine or meat.

Upon reaching the Queen's steps, Baeden held Marina back. “Listen to me, Marina. There will very likely be a battle today. I do not know what the Queen will command, but there is a chance that she will host the feast as intended so as to not arouse suspicion while she sends me and some other Knights to attack their camp from a flank. When we are separated, you must go to the roof of my tower. I have it warded against anyone besides the two of us.”

“As you say,” Marina agreed in a strained voice. “Oh please, Baeden, we must hurry. I feel really full.”

Baeden tried to smile reassuringly at her, failing to appear very convincing. He held her hand as they ascended the steps, only releasing her once they were right outside the Queen's door. “Try not to wet yourself in front of the Queen, alright?” Baeden said jokingly.

“I should be alright. There's just a lot of pressure...I'm not leaking yet...” Baeden leaned in and gave her a long kiss, then knocked on the door.

“Mother, I have some alarming news,” Baeden called.

“Enter,” Queen Jenara responded. Baeden pushed the door open and stepped in, Marina hanging close behind him. Jenara was standing next to her desk, her handmaiden Naida doing some finishing touches on her hair. “If this is about the thing with the rain last night, I've already been informed,” Jenara said.

Baeden coughed quietly. Marina wondered if he would tell his mother about the power he gained, but he seemed to decide against it as he stepped towards her. “I've got no idea about that. This concerns our...visitors today. Early this morning, I decided to take a walk through the tunnels, just to make sure everything was in order with the reservoir and that we had enough water for the guests. While I was down there, I spotted something very disturbing. They have men beneath our castle, enchanting a massive runestone.”

Jenara stood still for a long moment. “They come here under guise of truce and instead make attempt on our Kingdom?” Marina stepped back as she felt the heat radiating from the Queen. Her eyes began to change, glowing bright orange and swirling with the flames of her very soul. “What happened? Did they see you?”

Marina had not been afraid of the Queen in a long time, but seeing her second magic come to the surface was always unsettling. Queen Jenara was beyond a rarity. She was the only person that anyone had ever heard of who had been born with the magic of both her parents. The Queen's mother wielded fire, her father, speed. The two combined made her a powerhouse of magical strength. Strength that was wasted on someone who would never see combat.

Baeden looked to his mother. “You must calm down. This is a coward's tactic, and they will be met with proper response. They saw me, but I do not think they knew who I was, as I was still in my nightclothes. I had no weapons, so I retreated. They did not follow, deciding instead to continue their enchantment. I have no idea what spell the stone holds, I could not see the runes clearly enough, but whatever it is...it could likely spell the end of this castle, as I'm sure you already know.”

Marina stood to the side, feeling so proud of the Prince. Lying to his own mother to protect a servant... No servant was allowed in the tunnels without express permission from somebody above their station. If Jenara knew Hazel was down there, especially for something like having a wee, she really would take the girl's life. Marina glanced longingly at the balcony to her right. Her bladder throbbed at the thought of emptying itself over the edge. She fought hard not to squirm in front of the Queen, and she winced as she felt the smallest drop of liquid dampen her vulva. Baeden better get the Queen out of here quickly...

“I've already sent Hazel to inform General Gaston,” Baeden explained. “With how fast she can move about the castle, he is likely already preparing the Knights. I suggest we gather all the vital residents of the castle in the great hall, so our magic may protect each other in the event of an attack.”

“You are right,” Jenara agreed. “Naida, my hair is fine. Come with us to the great hall, I would not see my handmaiden injured this day. You too, Marina.”

“I will join you in a moment, my Queen,” Marina piped up. “Baeden instructed me to gather some of your clothes and bring them to the treasury, in case we are forced to retreat underground.” She felt her privates vibrating under the pressure of her bladder now, knowing she was but a few moments from relief.

“Nonsense,” Jenara brushed her off. “You wield air magic, yes? You could be of use. You will not leave my side. Naida, you gather the clothes and join us in the great hall with haste.”

Marina stared wide-eyed at Baeden. He just grimaced and shrugged. She immediately felt the pressure in her bladder increase, furious that its imminent relief was taken from it. Bloody hell, what am I going to do? I can't hold it in much longer. She leaned ever so slightly forwards as her womanhood was dampened again by a tiny drop forcing its way out of her. She took a small step back and glanced down, making sure she did not drip on the floor at all.

Jenara strode towards the door, placing a hand on Baeden's shoulder. “We will not be made victims again, my son. Your father died defending our Kingdom from them when they last came here. We will repel this vermin's tactic, we will assemble our army and we will march to their doorstep, with siege engines and five thousand men. We will bring the destruction of Jarkan.”

She walked through the door, not noticing that she left a burning hole in the shoulder of Baeden's robe. He patted quickly at it, then followed after her with Marina trailing slowly behind him, as desperate as she had ever been.

*************************

Part Four – Treachery

*************************4

Queen Jenara pushed the pressure in her belly out of her mind as she sat in her throne at the head of the great table. Marina stood on the Queen's right, with Baeden in the chair next to her. Normally he would take the seat across the table from the Queen, but she wanted him close. He was wearing his armor now, longsword strapped to his side. Jenara was cross at him, as he had vehemently insisted that he and Marina be left alone to change. Jenara would have none of it, and waited in the barracks with her back turned as Baeden put on his armor. He thinks I don't know that he just wants a quick fuck with her before things turn bad. They can wait until Jarkan burns beneath my feet. Marina had no opportunity to change at all, and was still wearing Baeden's tunic.

Along the walls of the great hall stood the Knights of Lunambra, with General Gaston positioned next to the door. The man stood at least seven feet tall, clad in shining plate armor from head to toe. No weapon graced his side. Jenara grinned at the sight, knowing that no weapon could stand up to the use Gaston would put it to.

Glancing to the door and out the hall's windows, Jenara sighed. She let her legs shift closer together, cursing the slowness of her awakening that morning. She had fallen asleep with no relief the night past, after drinking too much wine at dinner the night before. Her privates tingled with a desire for relief, something she had no chance of feeling for a very long time. With an unknown runestone beneath the castle, anything at all could happen at any moment. While she could shift to her own chamberpot faster than anyone could even notice, most of her organs worked at the pace of any other human, and it still took her a long time to empty her bladder. Especially when it was so full. She actually liked the feeling, on her own time and when she was at peace, but right now it was nothing but a nuisance.

I could send Gaston to remove or destroy the runestone, Jenara thought. However, if it's enchanted to be reactive, that could set it off. Jarkan's King is no idiot, he would plan for our potential discovery of it. She had no choice. She had to hold herself until the threat was over. Wait. There is something I can do. Jenara glanced around at the Knights, spotting one spinning a dagger around his fingers to pass the time. It's a risk, but it is one I must take.

Jenara focused her mind, feeling her magic welling up inside of her. Once she felt confident, she stood up. Nobody in the room reacted to her, as to Jenara, time was stopped almost completely. They were so slow. She could go anywhere, do anything, and settle back in her throne without anyone being any the wiser. She shifted to the Knight with the dagger, moaning softly as her desperate body protested the sudden movement. She patted herself between her legs, as if to reassure her bursting bladder that it would feel better soon. She grasped the dagger by its handle and slipped it gently from the Knight's hand. She reached down and grasped the front of her dress, lifting it up and over her left shoulder. She slid the blade under the strings on the belly of her corset and cut them through, gasping as her bladder instantly bulged two inches past the garment.

The relief was instantaneous and intense, and she moaned out loud as the pressure subsided to a simple dull ache. She couldn't remember the exact way the Knight was holding the dagger, so she just placed it in his hand and let the dress fall. She then made her way back to the head of the table and sat in her throne. She exhaled and released her magic, trying not to grin as the Knight shouted and dropped his dagger, to chuckles from the other nearby Knights. Now that she felt better, it was time to do her job.

“The tower guards say that Jarkan's camp is being set up north of the river,” she called out loud, so everyone in the large room could hear. “Under other circumstances, it would seem obvious to set up near fresh water, but this has the dual purpose of blocking our own forces from reaching them. Other than being forced through the choke point at Quailsight Bridge, we have no way to attack besides archers and artillery. If they possess mages skilled in defensive magic, even that will have limited use.”

“Mother,” Baeden started, “my magic has increased in power recently. I have been...training, nearly without end. I believe myself capable of parting the river so our troops may travel through.”

Jenara squinted at him. “Impossible. Not even your father could hold such magic for longer than a few seconds, the river would crash upon our men and wash them away. Know your own strength, Baeden.”

*****

The Prince looked at Marina, sadness in his eyes. Only the two of them knew the true power he now wielded. As much as everyone spoke of the Primordials, they were still little more than legends to most people, far beyond the reach of mankind. The claim that Baeden had seen one, that he had been granted power by one, would have him a laughing stock among his men. He knew that it would be revealed, but it would be at the moment he proved his new strength by literally raining death upon his enemies.

Marina caught his eye. Her face was coated in sweat, her eyes red and watering. He looked down her body and winced as he saw wetness along the whole length of her right leg. There was a tiny puddle on the marble floor underneath her, and as he watched it was added to by a spurt that lasted at least a second. The lower half of her body was concealed from everyone besides Baeden by the table, but it would not save her if she wet herself completely. Marina shivered and opened her mouth, letting out a shaky breath. Baeden had seen her this desperate before, but it was always for fun, always in private. Another spurt of wee fell into the puddle, now threatening to spread out of the cover of the table. I have to help her.

Baeden's thoughts were interrupted by the Queen continuing to speak. “No, attacking them at their camp is a losing tactic. While it may be a risk, I believe their motive is to activate the runestone if negotiations do not go their way. Their ambassador and his guards will pretend to accept whatever happens here, leave the castle, then bring it down on top of us. We will fight their traitorous ways with treachery of our own. The King was skilled at enchantments, and just by knowing him I learned much about runestones.” Jenara paused to eat, breaking the yolk of her egg open with her chunk of bread and dipping it in the liquid.

@@Baeden looked back to Marina. She was absolutely vibrating now. Her eyes locked to his again, and he saw her shake her head in defeat. It's going to happen any second. As if on cue, Marina let out a small gasp and a river began flowing out from under the tunic. With all the reflexes of a great warrior, Baeden flung his hand open and focused his entire being on the liquid spraying out from between her legs. The waterfall ceased, and Marina's breath caught in her throat. While he had controlled her urine with his magic before, he had never used it to stop a wetting in progress by force. He had no idea how it might feel for her, but it was the only way he could save her from grievous punishment. She was staring at him with her eyes wide in shock, but thankfully she did not appear to be in pain. She slowly nodded at him, opening her hand in a gesture that told him to release the magic. He shook his head. She furrowed her eyebrows and nodded again. He sighed and lowered his hand, surprised to see that nothing more left her body. Seems what she let out was enough for her to regain control for now...

Baeden shifted his focus to the growing puddle underneath her, using one finger to snake the liquid across the marble behind her and through a crack where the floor met the wall. Please, let this be over soon, Baeden prayed. She suffers this at my hand, if only I had let her have relief upon waking up.

Jenara set down her bread and leaned back in her throne, a small grin appearing on her face. “A runestone of the size mentioned by Baeden requires a constant stream of magic to hold its power for longer than a few minutes. I would bet all my fortune that the five men who were enchanting it must stay nearby so it may feed on their mana. The sixth, however, is likely a scout or messenger. He will be traveling back to their camp to inform their General that the runestone has been discovered. Judging by the time they saw Baeden, and by the average sprinting pace of a man, we likely have less than ten minutes until he reaches them.”

“I will bring him down,” General Gaston called from across the room in his booming voice. “If I take my horse, I may yet reach-”

“There is no chance,” Jenara said, her grin growing wider. “Even at full speed, the river is a half hour's ride. You will accompany Baeden into the tunnels, where you will incapacitate the five men, bind them, and block their magic with warding crystals. Do not kill them, if the runestone loses its supply of mana it may activate early. If you see their attack dog, do what you will with it. Leave them there, and return to the castle. We will meet with their ambassador as intended, but with them absent knowledge that we are aware of their plot. We will take the ambassador and his guards hostage, so they may not activate the runestone. With the castle safe and the enchanters tied down, our forces will have time to cross the river at the bridge five kilometers south and circle to the rear of their camp, burning it to the ground.”

“What of the messenger, though?” Baeden asked.

Jenara's grin faded, replaced with a furious glare that perfectly represented the vengeance burning in her chest. “I shall handle him myself.”

**********************

Part Five – Zodiac

*********************5

Queen Jenara had not been alone outside of her chamber since... Pretty much ever, I suppose, she thought to herself. Always surrounded by servants, guards, nobles, and family. General Gaston argued hard against her coming out here, but there was nothing he could do to stop her when she used her speed. Squirrels, wisps, and birds filled her vision, but it felt so strange, standing in the forest with no human in sight. She had also never felt so exposed. She quickly discovered that she could not navigate the forest in her dress, and she had no sharp tool to cut the garment short. Absent choice, she released her fire magic and burned the dress off of herself. She stood in nothing but her underskirt and corset, alone in the trees, relying on her speed alone to keep her hidden.

While she was free from the restraint of the dress, something else held her back. She looked down her body, sighing at her bulging abdomen that protruded even past her breasts. The pressure between her legs was great, and she had to fight to hold still. I can't relieve myself now. I don't have time. He could reach his camp at any moment. Pushing the cries of her bladder aside, she began to move. The river was four kilometers away, a distance she could cover in a matter of seconds at her fastest. However, the man she hunted could be anywhere between the castle and their camp. It was a large territory to sweep.

She made the trip dozens of times in less than a minute, scanning the trees for any sign of Jarkan's scout to no avail. To make matters worse, the faster she went, the more her bladder contracted and throbbed. She tried hard to simply empty it as she ran, but she couldn't get it started while she was in motion. She cursed at the pressure that constantly taunted her, and again at the man that continued to elude her.

As she kept running, she felt a particularly sharp pulse that forced her to a stop. Damn this, she thought desperately. I should just do it right here, just let it burst out, but it would be so much lost time. I must find him right now, for the sake of Lunambra. Why won't it just come out while I run... She stood straight again and continued her pursuit. Another dozen times through the trees, and still no sign of human life. She slid to a halt, groaning at the pain in her bladder and the pain in her feet. She had never stepped outside barefoot in all her life, and traveling around the forest as such was exceedingly unpleasant. Still, she thought nothing of the discomfort as she glanced around, scanning for something, anything, that could point to her prey.

That was when she saw it. Something between two trees, a great orange shape, fifty meters away. She shifted closer, gasping in shock as she saw what it was. A tiger, a real, living tiger stuck mid-run in her seemingly time-stopping magic. The surprise of it nearly caused her to leak on the spot, and she had to shove a hand against herself to stop it, knowing that losing control would break her shift. The momentary loss of focus did cause her speed to wane, and she shuffled backwards as the tiger managed a quick step before getting stuck in her magic again. Wait just a minute, she thought suddenly, once the disbelief subsided. There are no fucking tigers in Lunambra.

Her anger welling up once more, she voluntarily broke her shift and formed a fireball in her right hand. The tiger took off at full speed, still completely unaware of the Queen behind it, only stopping to turn when it heard the fwoosh of Jenara's fireball rapidly approaching it from behind. As limiting as it was, she could only manifest one type of magic at a time. In order to wield fire, she had to exit the shift, and she could not reenter it for nearly ten seconds after. This unfortunate disadvantage allowed the tiger to react with impressive reflexes, turning its large head towards the fireball hurtling towards it.

Upon spotting Jenara, the tiger's eyes widened in either surprise or fear, and in the blink of an eye the tiger was a small rat, the fireball soaring uselessly over it with less than a meter to spare. Jenara cursed and launched another, but the rat was too small a target. It swerved this way and that, and with a roar Jenara threw out both of her hands, releasing a stream of flame that ignited a wall of fire across the forest in front of her. With a high-pitched scream, the rat was a horse, leaping through the flames and bolting into the trees.

Jenara pulled her hands back, dissipating the wall of flame. Since she was in control of the fire, it would not spread or destroy anything she did not intend it to, but it could still alert Jarkan's camp. She stared at the retreating horse, waiting until she could use her speed magic again. He wields Eastern Zodiac magic. He may have been the dog that Baeden saw in the tunnels as well. I have heard that Jarkan had a Knight who wielded such a power. To find him on our doorstep...if he can use the apex form of his magic, he could be a bigger threat alone than all of Jarkan. I must bring him down, even if it costs me my life.

Seconds later, she felt her magic welling back up in her body. She stepped forwards into a shift, but gasped and stumbled as her bladder contracted hard and she felt the first small spurt force its way out of her and into the grass below. DAMN THIS! I must have relief right here and now, but if he turns back into a rat and finds a hiding spot, I would not find him without burning the whole forest to the ground. Jenara screamed and slammed her fist against her belly, forcing out a fast, strong spray that soaked through the front of her underskirt. At least it's something. She willed herself into a shift, breathing hard as her movement forced her bladder shut. She caught up to the horse instantly, leaping onto its back and wrapping her left hand in its mane.

Letting fire encase her right hand, the shift broke and she struggled to keep mounted on the galloping horse. He neighed in protest at the sudden weight added to his back, and louder again as she slammed her flaming fist into the side of its neck. The horse stumbled and slowed, running for a few more seconds before he began to collapse. Jenara barely managed to shift onto her feet in time before he hit the ground, and she quickly followed up with two fireballs to his flank. She prepared a much larger one to finish him off, but then the horse became a snake the length of a tree, all injuries seemingly gone. It seems that transforming heals him. I must kill him straight away, giving him no time to focus his magic.

The snake struck before she could shift, so she was forced to use two blasts of fire from her hands to launch herself sideways. She rolled and groaned as she leaked again under her skirt, but she ignored it and swept a wide row of fire out in front of her to prevent the snake's advance. Rather than circling around to attack her, it spun backwards and took off in the other direction. Sighing, Jenara waited the few seconds until she could shift, then moved directly in the snake's path. She lifted her right foot and encased it in flame, slamming it down towards the snake's head. With unbelievable reflexes, the snake swerved to avoid her blow the instant the shift broke. Her foot struck the ground hard and she cursed in pain, throwing a circle of flame out from her hands to keep the snake from coiling itself around her.

The snake slid backwards away from her fires, and then the snake was a man, clad in black leather armor and wearing a cloth mask. He knelt just outside of the flaming circle, breathing heavily and staring up at the Queen. He was unarmed aside from a small dagger at his hip, and Jenara let the fire dissipate. He stayed still for a few seconds, then slowly got to his feet. He reached up and pulled his mask off, revealing long black hair and a short beard covering a tired, Eastern face. “Who are you?” he panted.

Jenara frowned at him, unsure of what to say. She was in her underclothes, the front of her skirt was obviously wet with wee, and she was incapable of standing still without leaking. However, her pride and honor surpassed any feelings of shame, and she did her best to stand straight. Besides, the man will be dead soon anyway. “I am Queen Jenara, monarch of Lunambra and daughter of King Baeden the First. Who are you?”

The man exhaled, looking her over. “The Queen? You come to kill me alone? And...looking like that?”

Jenara scowled. “I am the only person who could catch you before you reached your camp. As for my appearance, I could not run in my dress, and I have had a rather unfortunate morning. If we can move past that now, tell me. Who are you?”

“I am General Percival Godfrey of Jarkan. It is an honor to meet you,” he said with a low bow.

“Drop the act,” Jenara spat. “I haven't the time for the games of nobles.” Because I'm about to piss myself in about ten seconds. “How did an Eastern man become General of an English kingdom? And what kind of General sneaks around in the shadows, playing like an assassin?”

Percival sighed. “I appear as I am because I am a bastard. My mother was a servant, taken from a band of traveling merchants by my father, and her magic was locked to prevent her escape. My magic is taken from her. And I behave as I do because I have no choice in the matter. I am just following orders, as much as I may despise it.”

“Orders given by your King?” Jenara did not know why she was speaking with this man. One shift, and she could take his dagger and cut his throat before he could form half a thought. However, there was something in his eyes, some kind of regret and darkness that caused her to hesitate. Aside from that, she was unsure of her ability to shift with how hard her bladder was pulsing right now. She could try to force it, but if something went wrong she would undoubtedly wet herself completely in front of another Kingdom's nobleman. Even if he died soon after, it was something that she did not want to live with.

Percival looked to his feet and nodded slowly. “Aye, our 'King.' The man's gone mad, but he is still our monarch and we have no power to refuse him. He commanded us to destroy your city and take your people hostage. He wields earth magic, and about a month ago he suddenly became powerful beyond belief. He's tearing our city apart, reforming it into something twisted and dark. Nobody knows what happened to him to make him this way, and with his new power there is nothing anyone can do to stop him.”

“You do not wish to follow his orders, then? Listen to me, Percival, take the men you have here and join us. Your runestone has been locked down, the men in the tunnels restrained and rendered defenseless. You have no chance of winning here. Lend us your strength, and we will aid you in reclaiming your city from your King.”

Percival shook his head. “No. You do not know the strength that he wields. If he discovers our treachery, he will turn our city to rubble. My family, all of our families, will be killed. I have no choice but to do as commanded. There is no other path. Fight me, or step aside, let me reach my camp, and let our forces decide the outcome of this battle.”

“I cannot,” Jenara whispered.

“As you wish,” Percival said, sadness taking over his gaze. “I obviously can not run from you, so I will use all my power to defeat you here so I may save my city.”

Jenara knew what was coming, and she could not give him the chance. She locked her eyes on his dagger and threw herself into a shift despite the pain in her belly. She reached for the blade, drawing it from its sheath, but it was not to be. The strongest contraction yet forced her out of the shift, and a massive three second spurt of wee cascaded from her body. She just barely regained control, moved to thrust the dagger into him, but she was knocked back by a great wave of magical pressure. She stumbled and cried out as she leaked another long spurt, stepping backwards as the final form of the Zodiac rose endlessly into the sky above her.

The size of it was nearly incomprehensible. Smoke pouring from its mouth, at least three kilometers long from its head to the end of its tail, the Dragon was born.

********************

Part Six – Friend

********************6

“Do not leave this spot. If anything happens, use your magic to the best of your ability to protect the hall and the Knights. You will be the only mage here once Baeden and Gaston leave to raid the tunnels.”

These were the last words Queen Jenara said to Marina before she vanished from the hall, leaving her standing there with six goblets and eleven hours worth of wee besieging her womanhood. After Jenara left, Gaston cursed loudly and stormed out, followed quickly by Baeden, who could do nothing to help Marina in the presence of the Knights. And so she stood here shaking and crying, watched by the forty men that lined the walls of the great hall.

“Girl, are you alright?” one of the Knights called out.

Marina breathed in shallowly, fearing that even the motion of her lungs would be enough to make her explode under her tunic. “I'm just terrified,” she lied. “We've never been under attack like this during my life.”

“There is nothing to fear,” he spoke up. “Our General alone could destroy their army with his bare hands.”

Marina nodded tearfully, holding her breath again as she felt her hold slip, a new drop of wee dampening her labia. She shivered again, her whole body tensing up. The Knight wouldn't stop staring at her, his head tilted inquisitively. Marina wished he would look away. It wouldn't matter anyway. When she lost control, and that would be happening very soon, everyone in the hall would hear her powerful stream splattering across the marble floor.

Just as Marina felt another spurt shoot out and soak into the bit of the long tunic she had held between her legs, the talkative guard stepped forwards out of the line. “I need a piss,” he said. “Gods know how long anyone will take to get back here, and I don't particularly feel like rusting out my armor.” He began walking towards the door, then pointed to Marina. “You, accompany me to the privy. I would have you aid the removal of my armor.”

Marina recoiled, concerned what this man might have in store for her. It was unheard of for a female servant to help a Knight in such a way. But if I can slip away, just for a moment, I might be able to have a little relief. And if he tries anything, my magic gives me advantage. “As you wish,” Marina answered softly.

“Justin, are you fucking kidding me?” another Knight called out. “You know we are not to leave our posts.”

“Listen,” Justin said angrily, “I'm going to piss. I can either do it in the privy, or you can try to stop me and I'll piss on you. Make the choice.” The other Knight glared, but then stepped back into his slot in the row, absent continued argument. Justin motioned for Marina to follow him, then strode quickly from the great hall.

Marina took one step before another spurt filled the front of her tunic. She felt her wee sliding down her thighs. With all the strength she had left in her small, trembling, desperate body, she fell into a limping jog and followed Justin out of sight of the other Knights. They were in the hall that led to the kitchens, and the privy was halfway down, a distance of maybe thirty meters. As close as it was, Marina knew she would never make it. Her thighs were soaked, and it was reaching her ankles as she walked. I can't wait anymore. I'm going to wet myself right here, and Justin will hear me, and he'll have his way with me while I'm too exhausted to do anything. It's going to happen any second.

“You can make it, Marina,” Justin said suddenly. “I know you're strong enough. Us servants are desperate most of the day, you can hold on through one hallway.”

What in the... Marina looked over the Knight in front of her. As she watched, the armor began shimmering as though it were made of smoke, then dissipated into nothingness. The shape of a man faded, replaced by Queen Jenara wearing a flowing blue dress. Marina froze in place, too shocked to even notice the small leaks hitting the floor beneath her. “My, my Queen, I, how did-”

“I am not the Queen,” the woman said. “I am a friend. My name is Sabina. Or you may know me as...” The shimmering started again, her hair turned brown, her body grew smaller, and her formal dress was replaced by a servant's dress. “Naida. I act as both the Queen's body double and spy, as well as her handmaiden. It is a long story, one that I fear your bladder will not wait through. I will explain later, come now. Servants need to stick together, and I would not see you wet yourself in front of all those men.” Sabina started walking again, with Marina close behind.

Marina was on the very edge of a complete physical meltdown. The door to the privy was in sight, but with the pressure burning like a star inside of her, it appeared as miles. Step by step she slowly approached the door, each movement sending a pulse out from her belly down her legs, through her privates, up through her chest and shoulders. Her control was teetering on the edge of an abyss, and even with the privy so close, so close, she felt as hopeless as she ever had. She contemplated just letting go here in the hallway. Naida had seen her wee before, she had seen Naida do it, all servants had no privacy from each other. But if another Knight comes down the hall, there will be no possible way to hide it. My magic might be able to dry a little, but I've got a lake inside me. I'd need the power of the Skyborn Primordial to dry this much wee.

Three meters from the door. It was right here, relief was just seconds away. Five steps later, another massive pulse assaulted Marina as she turned half into the door. She suddenly felt her body give way as a huge and final wave of pressure overtook her and her weakened muscles could barely control her flow. Wee started to sneak out past her clenched lips, and she felt small spurt after small spurt spray onto the floor. Upon witnessing Marina's loss of control, Sabina grabbed Marina's shoulder and pulled her hard into the privy just as she exploded completely.

Marina screamed in relief as her wee flowed freely from her defeated body, splashing over the stone floor and spraying against walls as Sabina dragged her through the small room, pulled up her tunic, and shoved her over the smooth wooden seat. The sound of her stream hitting water echoed loudly around them, almost louder than her orgasmic moans and gasps. As soon as Marina was in place, Sabina shoved her right hand between her own legs and groaned in discomfort.

“I wasn't completely lying back there you know, I'm desperate as well. I'm not wetting myself yet but we don't have much time here or someone may come looking for us. Open your legs.” Marina might have argued if there was anything left in her brain besides relief. She spread her legs and felt the warmth of skin as Sabina straddled her. Sabina's stream quickly joined Marina's own, and she couldn't help but giggle at the situation. “You probably thought I was going to do something horrible to you,” Sabina laughed. “Sorry for the scare, but I can't let them know who I am. The Queen likes having someone within the Knights who can fill her in on their activities whenever she desires.”

“Who are you though, really?” Marina breathed. She quivered as she felt Sabina's stream brush against her very most sensitive spot. “Watch your aim, you're getting it on me,” she complained.

Sabina shifted back slightly, leaning forwards so her stream went straight down. “Sorry again. Anyway, I used to be a thief when I was a kid. My shapeshifting magic was so useful for such an occupation, I'm sure you can imagine. However, I was eventually caught by Lunambra guards. While the Queen was reading my crimes to the people before having your enchanter lock my magic, I saw fit to mess with her by taking her form. They still locked my magic, but they didn't anticipate that I would be stuck looking like her.” Sabina finished her wee and stood, patting at her dripping lips with the bottom of her dress. “Bloody hell, how much have you got in there?”

Marina's stream was still blasting out of her like a waterfall with no end in sight. “No clue. I've never had to go this badly in my entire life. I've wet myself before but I've never had such incentive to hold for so long.”

“It's incredible,” Sabina said softly, staring shamelessly at the stream between Marina's legs.

Marina blushed a bright red. “Quit looking at me like that, you're not behaving much better than I feared the Knight would.”

Sabina put on a face of regret and turned away. “I apologize. I've just never seen anything like it. Anyway, I was stuck looking like the Queen, and a lot of people wanted me executed for it. However, Jenara saw a potential use for me. She hired me as her body double and trained me in case she fell ill or was otherwise unable to perform her duties. Over time, as I gained her trust, she unlocked my magic so I may serve as either a simple servant or a spy. And here I am.”

“Well, I thank you for getting me out of there before I lost it in front of everyone,” Marina mumbled. “I think I'm almost done...” Despite this claim, she kept going for another half a minute before the stream even slowed. She felt like there was a great void in her belly, and she pressed down on it, feeling it soft for the first time since she woke up. “That was the greatest thing I've ever felt,” she moaned.

“Glad you liked it,” Sabina said with a smile. “I'm sorry for speaking so plainly, but that was very impressive, and you are very beautiful.”

Marina blushed again. I wonder if she takes pleasure from this the same way me and Baeden do. Marina's mind formed the intrusive image of the two of them, both completely desperate, being handled by Baeden at the same time. She shivered and violently pushed the thought out of her head, then she stood up, sighing as she felt the front of her tunic. “Give me a moment...” Marina held out her hand and focused her magic, grinning as a small vortex of warm air formed over it. She held it over the tunic and moved over the wet spots, watching them slowly fade. Once she was dry, she increased the power of the spell to dry up the leaks that marked the floors and walls of the privy. Once she was satisfied in her cover-up, Sabina returned to the form of Justin the Knight and they both jogged back towards the great hall.

As they approached, they could hear loud shouts echoing through the hall. Picking up speed, they burst through the door into the large chamber and stumbled as Knights ran back and forth in front of them, pointing through the large windows and screaming incoherent orders at each other. Glancing around, she saw that both Baeden and Gaston were back, staring into the sky with their jaws slack. Marina looked up through the windows and immediately knew why everyone was behaving as they were. Darkening the sky over the forests of Lunambra, a dragon the length of a river twisted through the air, breathing massive streams of fire towards the ground below it.

Somehow, the dragon was not the strangest part of the sight in front of her. The strangest part was that the ground seemed to be throwing fire back.

********************

Part Seven - Sky

********************7

“IS MY MOTHER FIGHTING THAT THING?” Baeden shouted over the surrounding din.

Gaston stood by the door, still looking stunned at the sight of it. “It's impossible,” he mumbled. Even though he spoke gently, his voice still carried above all others. “Dragons have been extinct for five hundred years.”

“It can't be real,” Baeden responded. “It has to be some form of magic, summoning or transformation...”

“Either way, we must bring it down,” Gaston growled. “To the horses.” He stormed out of the hall, Baeden sprinting behind him. Without a second thought, Marina took off after them despite loud protests from Sabina. She surrounded her feet in highly pressurized air, gliding along to keep up with the men. Baeden caught sight of her over his shoulder and stumbled to a stop.

“Marina, no. You have no place in battle, your magic is not strong enough,” he whispered, trying to push her back towards the great hall.

She ducked his hands, sliding around him and continuing towards the castle door. “She is my Queen too. This is my Kingdom. If I will ever have a place as its Princess once we are wed, I must fight for it as well. Don't underestimate me.”

Baeden shouted in frustration and launched back into a sprint. Seconds later, Gaston crashed through the heavy iron gates, knocking them from their hinges and sending them spiraling dozens of meters in either direction. It was another minute's run to the stables, and the two men quickly mounted large white steeds. Marina threw herself onto the back of Baeden's horse with a burst of air from her feet, and they were hurtling through the city gates and into the forest surrounding them.

The roars of the dragon grew deafening as they galloped ever closer, and smoke and flame could be seen burning away the forest ahead of them. Massive streams of fire kept flowing into the sky, but the dragon swerved around them and continued assaulting the ground with its own breath. “We must get to the river,” Baeden called. “My magic is useless otherwise.”

“I've got no idea what we will be able to do against it,” Gaston roared. “How can I reach something so high in the air?”

“Trust me,” Baeden answered. “You will reach it. Just get to the river.” And so they rode, faster than ever before. The battle between the Queen and the dragon raged on for fifteen minutes before the sound of water could be heard in the distance. Marina kept her eyes on the Queen's flame, staring through the trees. And then she spotter her, standing in a charred clearing as fire burned all around her.

Marina tumbled off the horse, landing softly on a bed of air. Baeden pulled his horse to a stop, turning to stare at her. “I'm going to the Queen,” Marina yelled. “Get to the river, help Gaston!” She took off into the forest, ignoring Baeden's pleas for her to stop. He cursed louder than the dragon roared, and she looked over her shoulder to see him turn and follow after the General. She moved as fast as she could, using her magic to leap over burning trees. She stumbled into the clearing where the Queen stood, both hands held over her head and a blinding torrent of fire roaring into the sky.

Marina looked away from the fire and ran to the Queen, grabbing her arms and pulling them to her side. Jenara shouted in surprise and violently spun to face her. Jenara's face was coated in sweat and soot, her eyes unfocused and her arms shaking. “Marina,” she breathed. “Why-”

“Baeden and Gaston are here. You can rest now, trust in your son. You must know that you cannot defeat a dragon with fire. Get somewhere safe and watch Baeden's power in action.”

Jenara nodded shakily, breathing heavily as she grasped Marina's shoulders. Marina felt her entire body jerk violently, and then she was standing near the river, far away from any fire. Marina had never felt one of Jenara's shifts. It wasn't fun as a passenger, but she was glad to be away from the heat. “My Queen, how is there a dragon here? Was it summ-”

“Transformation,” Jenara breathed. “Jarkan's General, it's exceptionally rare Eastern magic...” The Queen stumbled to the river's edge and fell to her knees, then collapsed into a seated position. “Leave me, Marina,” Jenara whispered. “I do not care where you go, but I must be alone right now.”

“I do not think-”

“LEAVE!”

Marina winced and turned away from Jenara. “Fine then, I'll do what I can to help Baeden.” She doesn't want to be seen like this. It's alright, she should be safe here. Marina wrapped her feet in air again and skated off down the riverbank, and quickly left Jenara's sight. Looking up into the sky, the dragon was focused on a patch of trees about a kilometer away, breathing down a torrent of fire that seemed to be moving towards the river. That has to be them.

Blasting jets of air from her hands to increase her speed, she made it about half way before her magic suddenly gave out. She hit the ground hard, rolling a distance before coming to a stop, breathing heavily and staring into the sky. What the hell? I know the limits of my magic, and I'm not there yet. She stumbled to her feet and tried to summon a ball of air in her fist, but nothing happened whatsoever. Fucking- Come on, what-

“Marina.”

She froze, raising her arms in a defensive stance. “Who's there? Show yourself.”

“You know what I am.” The voice came from every possible direction, deep, powerful, burying itself in her very soul. “You have a great destiny, Marina. You will soon become part of the family that will save our kind, and your kind as well.”

Marina shivered. In her logical mind, she had no idea what was happening. However, somewhere deep inside of her, a spark of magic began burning hot enough to force her to her knees. The power flowed from her chest and took over her mind, rushing through her limbs and melding with her very blood. Thoughts and images spiraled through her head, the Earth seen from above, the sky spanning beyond every horizon. It was all inside of her in this moment, and then the sensation faded and she was back on the ground, kneeling at the riverside. She looked up, past the dragon snaking through the air.

“You are the Skyborn Primordial,” she whispered. Even as she said it, all confusion and disbelief left her mind. All she felt was power.

“My brother has turned on our creation. Each of us used our own bodies to build your Earth. I am the Sky, my sister is the Oceans, one brother is the fire that warms your species, and the other is the Earth itself. He is the one who has betrayed us. He wishes to return to his true body and begin a war against us. Skyborn, Solborn, Oceanic – We three are able to roam freely among our domains, while the Terran is perpetually trapped under his own gravity. He seemed willing to make the sacrifice in the beginning, willing to give his freedom to bring new life into the universe. It took four billion of your years, but he now grows resentful. Hatred for our creation burns brightly in his soul. He will soon break free from the prison of his own body, and your world will end.”

Marina tried to catch her breath. A war between the Primordials themselves, and she was now caught in the middle of it. “WHY US!?” she screamed into the sky. “What do I have to do with your war? What does Baeden? And how are we supposed to fight the Earth itself? Tell me! What would you have us do!?”

“Your home, this...England, it is home to more magical energy than anywhere else on Terra. You, the water user, and the woman who you call your Queen, are all simply victims of circumstance. The only mages in your land who wield our elements. As for how you will stop my brother, it is not him that you must fight. He is powerless in his current form. He has given his magic to the one you call the King of Jarkan, manipulating him and twisting his mind. In order to gain the power needed to free himself, he intends to use that man to capture every magical human in the land, draining them of their mana and using all that power to split the Earth itself. His shell broken, he will be able to take form once again, bringing his wrath to us.”

Another pulse of burning energy surged through Marina's body, and at the slightest thought, she was surrounded in air that spun far faster and roared far louder than any she had conjured before. “You must defeat this King. When a Primordial gives their magic to a mortal, time equal to nearly five hundred of your years must pass before it can be done again. With the King's death, Terra will be sealed throughout your life and the lives of countless generations after. At that time, we will find new heroes to do our work. Now, you must destroy the army that assaults your Kingdom, then bring the fight to their King.”

“But if I fight Jarkan's men, will their leader not use their runestone to destroy our city? We must make ourselves safe before we-”

“The runestone is a ploy, a trick to force your people to surrender without a fight. Whatever magic it contains cannot destroy anything. Their King needs the lives of your people to free Terra, he would not risk killing them all.”

“What of the Queen, then?” Marina asked, still staring into the sky, desperate to get whatever information she could from such a being while she had the chance. “Why does she not gain the power of a Primordial yet?”

“She has always possessed the power. Solborn is pure energy, he exists out of time, a completely different plain than the rest of us. He foresaw Terra's betrayal in his future. It was Jenara's mother that received his power, and it was passed down to her. This is why she wields two forms of magic. Due to her position, she has not trained her fire to its full potential. Solborn will reach out to her soon, before you converge on the tainted King. Now...it is time. You have fully absorbed my magic. Go, and see your family to a peaceful future.”

As soon as he finished speaking, the swirling energy inside of her came to its peak. Looking a great distance down the river, she saw the two warriors on horseback come bolting out of the treeline, tumbling from their steeds just as another jet of fire roared over them. Marina let her hands fall to her sides, and she closed her eyes. Now or never. If I have truly gained the power I believe I have, I can finally be of use to Baeden, to our entire Kingdom. She focused her mind, and with incredible speed she felt magic encase her body, air flowing around her in every direction with pressure she thought forever beyond her reach. She opened her eyes, set her sights on the great dragon above, and left the ground far behind as she became the first mortal to become one with the sky.

***************************************

Part Eight – Sword of the Skyborn

***************************************8

Gaston and Baeden rolled off their horses upon reaching the river, barely dodging another stream of flame. Their horses bolted into the forest as they ran further down the river's edge, before skidding to a halt once they were clear of the heat. “How are we supposed to reach it?!” Gaston shouted over the dragon's roars. “I could bring it to ground with one punch, but not if I cannot fucking reach it!”

Baeden looked up at it, its head alone the size of Lunambra's castle, its body far longer than the entire city was wide. “General, I know your strength firsthand, but I doubt that even you could bring down such a beast with ease.”

Gaston growled. “Be that true or otherwise, I would be happy to find out. You've always been smarter than me, so figure out how we're going to fight it.”

“There is only one way,” Baeden said. “Step into the river. I shall raise you into the sky on a pillar of ice. Once at equal height, I will navigate you close so that you may make contact.”

Gaston looked sideways at him. “Ice? You have developed such a skill? Even if that is so, you could never create a pillar of that size, it's-”

“Would you stop doubting my strength and do as I command, General?!” Baeden roared. “My power is far greater than you can imagine, and I will tell you why once you witness it for yourself. Now get in the river and brace your fucking legs.”

Gaston nodded begrudgingly and stomped into the river, never taking his eyes off the Prince. “Do what you will, then,” he challenged. Baeden held out his hands and exhaled, channeling all his magic into the fast-flowing water. Gaston looked down in bewilderment as the entire river came to a complete stop, and he felt the water around his legs growing cold. Within seconds, a circle of ice surrounded him, and he felt himself rising into the air. “Baeden, this is- GET DOWN, NOW!”

Baeden dropped his hands and dove sideways, avoiding three crossbow bolts by centimeters. Rolling to his feet, he looked to the other side of the river. Jarkan's entire invasion force was converging on them, horses and infantry trudging into the river. The ice surrounding Gaston shattered and he jumped back onto land, standing next to the Prince. “We must deal with these Jarkan cunts before we can do anything against the dragon,” Baeden whispered. “Stand behind me.”

Gaston did as asked, and Baeden threw his hands into the air, a vast wall of ice forming quickly in front of him. He could hear bolts slamming into the other side of it, and he pushed forwards, sending the wall crashing into their forces, clearing out dozens of men. Gaston crouched down and leaped clear across the river, landing in a roll and rising directly into an uppercut that sent a soldier into a tree with such force that it cracked in two, then grabbed another man by his wrists, wielding him as a club against his allies. Baeden was rapidly hurling spikes of ice, targeting the archers and letting Gaston handle the sword and spearmen.

“Fire!” Gaston shouted, and Baeden looked up to the dragon. Gaston had noticed it too late, the massive ball of flame was already upon them. Jarkan's soldiers screamed in fear and scrambled, trying fruitlessly to escape the range of the dragon's attack. With the impending impact just seconds away, Baeden's adrenaline exploded within him. He raised his hand and fell into a kneel, slamming his fist into the water at the river's edge. Gaston's mouth fell open in absolute, unmatched disbelief as all that was visible of the river vaporized in a single instant, forming a cloud of water that surrounded the two of them, as well as Jarkan's men. The fireball sunk into the mist, hissing and sizzling as the two opposite forms of magic clashed. The heat pounded down on Baeden's body as the elements dissipated, forming a burning rain that singed his skin.

Gaston was breathing heavily, staring into the nearly empty river that was only just starting to refill. He looked to Baeden and scoffed, the only reaction his mind could manage when met with such a feat. Baeden ignored him, getting up from his kneel and staring out at Jarkan's panicked men. “IS THIS WHO YOU WANT TO SERVE?” he roared, tearing off his helmet and throwing it at his feet. “I know that is your General up there, no other man could possess such power. Yet he attacks blindly, absent thought of his own men! The soldiers that should stand as brothers to him!” Baeden drew his sword, more ceremonial than functional for a mage, and thrust it into the ground. “Why do you fight us, while your leader cares not for your own lives? Why do you give your loyalty to such a man? You see my power, you will not win this day. Lay down your arms and live to see your families once again!”

One of the men who was laying in the riverbed struggled to his feet. “We...cannot,” he groaned. “Our King...he has gone mad with power. He practically holds our families hostage, he will kill them if we do not take your city.” He bent over and retook his sword, barely managing to stand straight again. “There is no surrender for us.”

“If you speak the truth,” Baeden started, “then you should join us, take up sword against him. There is no hope for your victory today, you must understand this. Sheath your blade right now, and you will not be executed, you will not be taken prisoner. Your forces have taken none of our lives, nobody will seek revenge on simple soldiers.”

The man gripped his sword tighter. “Our General could take your city by himself,” he breathed. “We do not want to fight you, we still wish to honor the treaties set by your father years ago. Yet our King leaves us absent choice. To protect our own citizens, we must take Lunambra or we must die. Now fight us or-”

The man was interrupted by an earth-shattering boom from above that shook the ground beneath them. He stumbled and looked around in confusion, his sword raised.

“What in the fuck is that?” another Jarkan soldier shouted suddenly. All eyes turned to him, pointing up towards the dragon. Baeden looked up, staring around the twisting monstrosity, trying to focus on the spot the man was pointing at. Seconds later, he saw it. A human form, soaring through the skies towards the dragon, a blur of red hair and pale skin, clad in Baeden's own maroon tunic.

Baeden's mouth opened and closed silently as he stared up at her. Finally, he found his breath. “Marina.”

*********

She had wished to fly throughout her entire young life. As she grew, she always dreamed of flying free of the Kingdom she was forced to serve. Upon growing to love Baeden, the dreams of leaving faded, yet her desire to join the skies had burned strong to this very day. As she looked down at the tiny trees rushing past her, happiness unlike any she had ever imagined flooded her body. Up here, this minute, this second, she knew that her power was absolutely limitless.

She focused her magic to the centers of her feet, hurling herself through the sky at speeds rivaling Queen Jenara herself. As she reached her fastest, she heard a massive boom that she knew would have deafened her if not for the protective layer of compressed air that surrounded her body. The sound of a hundred cannons firing as one, caused by her own body as she flew.

The dragon turned at the sound, facing her and releasing an immense roar. Despite facing the beast that could crush a city beneath its feet, she felt no fear. It opened its mouth wide again, and rather than a roar, a blast of fire burned into her irises as she charged. The flame caused nothing but a comfortable warmth as she burst through it, coming out the other side less than three hundred meters from the dragon's maw. Despite having never wielded magic coming anywhere near this, she felt total control, an absolute connection to her own domain that surrounded her. She turned sidways, holding her hands out to each side as though they were wings.

Despite the invisible nature of her magic, she could feel exactly what she was manipulating, and her mind put image to the air that she pulled from the infinite sky. The air surrounded each hand, shooting out in either direction and compressing tighter and tighter. The air pressure was so great that it began to sing as it sliced the sky, a roaring cacophony of pure elemental force. She straightened up, bringing both hands together and combining the two colossal blades of air into one. The dragon's mouth filled her entire field of vision at this point. One hundred meters away. Fifty. Twenty.

*********

Baeden dropped to his knees as the dragon was instantly and completely split asunder, blood flowing into the air from either side of its corpse. The two halves spiraled towards the forest below, twisting lifelessly as they fell. She has the power of a Primordial, he knew it right there and then. When...why... He shook himself from his astonishment, growing concerned that the dragon would destroy the Kingdom with quakes caused by its impact to the Earth. His worry was soon soothed, however, as the dragon's body began to disintegrate into a glowing mist. Its pieces grew smaller and smaller, and he almost lost sight of them completely before they took the form of two halves of a man. They harmlessly fell into the trees kilometers apart, never to be found again.

Everyone around him was absolutely silent. Jarkan's men stood in crippling awe, their sword hands limp at their sides. It was Gaston who finally spoke. “I never thought I would end up the weakest of us,” he whispered. “I never held any care for that girl, I never knew she wielded any power at all. And you, Baeden, how long has it been since you surpassed me so?”

The Prince got to his feet and forced himself to stand tall. He spoke loudly, directed at Gaston yet with desire for all of Jarkan's men to hear as well. “You may not wish to believe me, but each of us has been gifted limitless power by the Primordials themselves. The Oceanic Primordial visited me when I went to Great Oak, and while I am not sure when the Skyborn granted Marina her power, it is clear that he has. They obviously have plans for our Kingdom to gift us so, though for reasons I do not yet understand.” He turned from Gaston to directly address Jarkan's shaken soldiers once more. “Do you see now? You have witnessed such a thing with your own eyes. Do you still doubt our ability to save your Kingdom? To defeat your King?”

The man who had spoken earlier was the first to drop his sword. He fell to one knee and bowed in fealty to Baeden. “You speak the truth,” he said. “There is no other explanation for such a display of power. If the Primordials ally themselves with you, we shall as well. Please, my Prince, free our families.” The other soldiers dropped their weapons and followed his lead.

Baeden answered with a simple nod. He stepped next to Gaston, placing a hand on the taller man's shoulder. “There is no doubt that our Knights are on their way here. Lead Jarkan's men to meet them, and go back to the castle. Give them food and shelter, and treat them as you would our own soldiers. I will find my mother.”

“Aye,” Gaston grunted. He motioned for the surrendered soldiers to follow and stomped off into the trees as Baeden took off down the river.

*************************************

Part Nine – The Solborn Queen

*************************************9

Jenara sat at the river's edge, staring blindly into the water. In the back of her mind she heard his voice, but it barely seemed real to her until Baeden placed his hand on her shoulder. She looked up at him with unfocused eyes as he spoke words she couldn't bother hearing. He was soon joined by Marina, who seemed to appear from nowhere. Baeden grasped Jenara's arm and helped the Queen to her feet. “Are you alright?” she managed to hear. She just stared in response.

“She's just completely exhausted after her battle,” Marina said. “And understandably so. We must get her back to the castle so she may rest properly.”

But she was not exhausted from battle. Her fight with the dragon was nothing. What caused her condition was the fact that it felt as though her entire body was filled with piss, an entire two day's worth of wine and water that had all moved through her and now sat in her bladder, absolutely demanding release. The reason why she did not simply let herself flow into the river was beyond her. She had plenty of opportunity after Marina left her. And yet for some incomprehensible, foolish reason, she held it all inside of her until her son arrived, and it was too late.

Was it dignity? She had already been seen half-naked by Jarkan's general. Yet her body would not allow her to find the relief that she begged for beyond anything else, not now that she had come so far. The heat of the dragonfire had dried the wet spots on her skirt, and she had not leaked any more once she was out of combat. Her belly had not bulged so far when she was pregnant with Baeden, and she prayed that neither him nor Marina would notice. They'll notice either way when I inevitably empty myself at their feet, her mind taunted.

She was thankful that Baeden ceased speaking. If she let her focus wander to even something as simple as forming words, she would lose all control. Baeden started leading her into the forest, and she walked behind him, absent all awareness of her surroundings. She let her son drag her as her privates quivered and her belly throbbed, every step sending quakes of pain and pressure all throughout her body. At our pace, it will take hours to reach the castle. I'll never make it. I cannot do this in front of my son. Anywhere else, anyone else...

With every last bit of strength Jenara had left, she suddenly lunged forwards and broke from Baeden's grip. She took two steps before she vanished in a shift, leaving her son and Marina behind. It was the most painful shift she had ever performed, ever since her first time as a little girl. She felt her magic breaking and fizzling as she moved, warping in and out of her speed as she approached the city. Once she was through the gates, it became slightly easier as muscle memory carried her into the castle.

My room. My chamberpot. Privacy, relief, it all took over her mind as she stepped into the now-empty great hall. She paid a price for the distracting thoughts, as the shift broke completely and she stumbled into a normal pace. Out of the great hall, into the entrance hall. She gripped the railing of the stairs that would carry her to her chamber, and heaved herself up one at a time. She had no clue how she was still moving, the her body trying to lock up every muscle in a last desperate attempt to keep her dry.

She was so full that she felt it almost in her chest, and the radiating pulses reached all the way to her fingertips and toes. She looked around to make sure she was truly alone, then tore off what was left of her damaged corset, burning it away into dust. To her lament, the removal of the garment did absolutely nothing to ease the pressure. Now dressed in only her skirt, she looked down and moaned as she saw the great bulge that contained all of her wee. She placed her left hand gently upon it, and even this slight touch sent a shock through her body that made her nearly fall. She just needed relief, so very, very badly.

The agony was overwhelming. She couldn't believe how much pain something as simple as a full bladder could cause. She looked around, desperate, unable to continue, her bladder thrashing, screaming, protesting as it reached its very limit. She forced herself to take just one more step, then another, and just one more. Jenara would never understand how she had been able to hold it in so long, but she knew there were only seconds left before she'd be exploding into her skirt if she did not reach her chamber now.

Somehow she reached the top of the stairs, and she turned left towards her tower. She tried to breathe, tried to focus as the next agonizing wave of torture started to build. She screamed out loud as her bladder pulsated madly within her. She needed wee so badly, so urgently. Trembling, she felt the pressure surge. Five steps later, she came to a halt as the strongest pulse she had ever felt crashed against her reddened lips. There was nothing more she could do. I got so close...just a few more-

“My Queen? We heard a scream...”

Jenara's heart practically stopped. She turned, eyes wide. Hazel and Sabina (who was in the form of Naida) stood together behind her, looking on with concern. Jenara stood there, her breasts out in the open, her skirt torn and dirty, her face sweat-soaked and her hair matted. The surprise and humiliation was too much for her. Without a chance to say one word in her defense, she began leaking uncontrollably, her wee falling out from under her skirt and soaking into the deep red carpet below. The two serving girls opened their mouths in surprise, stepping back as Jenara lost every semblance of control.

The Queen leaned against the wall and slid into a sitting position as she gave up completely. An ocean flowed out from under her, soaking into the carpet and spreading out in every direction. She exhaled properly for the first time in what felt like a week, letting the breath transition into a moan of pure pleasure and relief. She was completely defeated, humiliated in front of her servants, everything she thought of herself as a Queen flowing out of her sopping wet womanhood, but she had not a care in the world for any of it at this moment. Her skirt fell into her wee and soaked through instantly, damping the stream so it flowed around her rear, causing a great puddle beneath her. It just went on and on, a seemingly endless stream of hot wee that nearly reached Hazel and Sabina standing two meters away.

Despite the absorption of the carpet, the puddle reached the ledge of the second floor of the entrance hall and fell to the marble below. She could hear it splattering against stone even at this distance, and she knew there was absolutely no hiding such an accident. Even if she banished Sabina and Hazel from Lunambra, people would come into the hall at some point and see the mess coming from Jenara's wing of the castle. I'm going to have to run. Just shift to some other country and make a living as a lamplighter. Baeden will make an amazing King. He has not needed me for some time.

It was a full two minutes until her waterfall fell silent. The drip, drip, drip could still be heard falling to the floor below, and her two servants still stood by, watching her closely. She wished they would look away, but it was no matter at this point. Her body and mind exhausted, she forced herself to her feet and turned towards the two young girls. “So, what is going to happen now?” Jenara asked them quietly. “You going to run and tell everyone what I have done here? Humiliate me fully as vengeance for how poorly I have treated each of you in the past?”

The two of them looked between Jenara and her colossal puddle. It was Sabina who moved first. She slowly stepped into Jenara's lake, pushing past her to lean against the wall. She sunk into a sit in the middle of the wee, then looked up at the Queen. “I was so scared,” Sabina said with a small grin. “The dragon was so fearsome, I was so terrified, I lost control of my waters. Please, forgive me.”

Jenara sighed and smiled genuinely for the first time that day. “You sweet girl,” Jenara breathed. “However, nobody will believe that a tiny one like yourself produced this much piss. I fear there is no possible way out for me with this.”

“I couldn't hold it either,” Hazel said suddenly. She jogged up next to Sabina and sat down as well. “We were running for shelter, and when Naida started wetting herself, I lost control as well. We drank so much water last night, and with all the panic, we never got a chance to use our chamberpot this morning.”

At this very moment, Jenara loved these girls like they were her own daughters. “You would take the blame for this, after how I have abused you over the years?”

“We are not slaves,” Hazel said. “We both wield magic that could easily support lives outside this castle. We choose to stay here because we care for our city, and our Queen.”

“I will never forget this,” Jenara whispered. “You two will see vast rewards.”

“Please, my Queen,” Sabina said. “Just see yourself to your chamber to wash. After we are found, we will come to see you to proper dress for supper this night. Servants wee themselves all the time, it is rare for us to stay dry throughout a full day of duty. Not much will be thought of it.”

Jenara nodded, her eyes full of gratitude. She limped away, turning the corner into her tower. The water from yesterday's bath still sat in her chamber, and she placed her hands in it, focusing her fire magic until it was nearly at a boil. She tore off her skirt and sunk into it, leaning back as far as she could without drowning herself.

Now that she had relief, now that her mind was clear, she felt something burning within her. She had not used her fire magic in years. She knew she possessed it, but short of fooling around as a child, it had always remained hidden. After today, after she relaxed, she could feel its influence growing rapidly inside of her. The water surrounding her began to truly boil, yet she felt no pain. The magic overtook her, and as she closed her eyes, she could see a vision of the sun above, filling her senses with warmth and light.

“Jenara...you finally awaken. I have been waiting to meet you for a very long time.”

***********

Epilogue

***********

Baeden and Marina stepped into the castle, the gates still missing from their hinges. A couple dozen Knights and other nobles stood around the entrance hall, staring at something in the corner. “I must find the General and address Jarkan's men,” Baeden whispered. “See to my mother.”

Marina nodded as he walked off, and she approached the crowd. “My Lord, what is going on here?” she asked one of the nobles in the back. He turned to her, his face disdainful. “Two serving girls pissed themselves in fear of the dragon, right here in the hall. How unsightly...half the floor is soaked in it.”

Marina furrowed her brows and moved up the stairs, finding Naida and Hazel sitting in an absolutely massive puddle of wee, their faces unreadable. Naida – Er, Sabina, just relieved herself a little while ago, and Hazel not much earlier...they couldn't possibly have... The truth hit Marina like a ton of bricks. It was Jenara...that's why she was acting so strangely...there's so much, she must have been so desperate... Marina stepped into the puddle and helped the girls to their feet.

“I know what happened,” she whispered. “Your loyalty is admirable. The Queen is still just a person, she must have been absent relief for over a day...”

“Longer, I think,” Sabina breathed. “I have not had to empty her chamberpot since the evening before yesterday. And I thought you were impressive earlier...”

Hazel looked between them, a humorous grin growing on her face. “What have I missed between you two?” she giggled.

“Another time,” Marina sighed. “Come now, we must all clean up and see to our Queen. War is coming, and we have many long days ahead of us.”

***************

Hello, Readers. Thank you so much for continuing to support the Lunambra universe, and I sincerely hope you enjoyed this whole new world. As with the originals, this is going to be a trilogy as well. Stay tuned for Books Two and Three, as they will continue to bring storytelling and intensity that is unseen in any other example of Omorashi fiction.

- B.L.

*006*2016-07-26 22:31

Thanks everyone. I can't promise when I'll be writing the second, but it will happen. I know where the story is going so at least I have a direction lol.

