Batgirl’s unexpected accident

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-07-04 03:42

Along time ago when billionaire Bruce Wayne was young and finish at Gotham High School and in his class was the hottest female there, who was Miss Barbara Gordon. Now Barbara had an accident on Wednesday afternoon, in English class. She desperately need to have a wee but the English teacher was such a bitch and never let any of her students go too use the toilet and most of the girls had a lot of accidents. She drank too much water at lunch and now needed to let it go, she asked “Miss Wildenberg, can I use the loo?” The teacher replied “NO!” It wasn’t soon when she peed her white panties and they were soaked and also her skirt was wet. She sat there crying as she had not done that since her old school, she was sad and unhappy but from that she made a new friend. Bruce Wayne felt her pain of humiliating herself in front of everyone and he cared for her and had a very strong friendship with her.

Present Day:

It was his birthday his love Vicki Vale died by the hands of The Joker and he was quite sad by it. Just then the doorbell rang, he opened it and standing there was Barbara standing there and Bruce was shocked by this. “Wow, Barbara the last time I saw you was at High School! Wow, look I’m sorry what happened to you there and I feel very sad for you when some of the other girls called you Miss pissy pants. “Thanks Bruce, I heard it was your birthday so I came to see you.” “Well thank you darling but I feel sad because my love Vicki Vale died at 12:00 today by Joker.”

She gave Bruce a hug and Bruce said “I made Vicki a Batsuit called Batgirl and now she’s dead I want you to have it might smell like piss because I forgot to put something on it and she had to do it in the suit. Bruce was it deliberate or accidental? It was accidental because I thought I finished the suit but forgot to put on how to take it off.

In the Batcave:

Barbara and Bruce now in the Batcave and her field of vision saw the Batsuit hanging up and also the Batgirl suit and she knew it was part of her know. As she must to train under Batman as Batgirl. "Bruce I need to pee.” He simply nodded and said to pee on the floor as Barbara squatted on ground and took off her pants and panties and relieve herself in peace. Barbara put the suit on as she look incredibly sexy in it and it was easily to take off if needed to pee.

“Barbara, I’m just wondering if you have a pee fetish because Vicki did.” “I can say this I do but still don’t like public accidents.” They walked back to Wayne Manor until getting to the secret entrance to Wayne Manor from the Batcave and when they got there Barbara drank to much water as she sat there. She got so distracted that she didn't even notice as her bladder began to make an aching full bladder.

She held her pee in and hopefully all for the best and no wetting accidents. She had a strong visible connection with Bruce and she keep it in for a long time but no accidents yet, which was good. She then felt it’s full power now as she had to be excused or suffer the accident.She asked Bruce where the bathroom is as she started doing a pee pee dance under the table. Bruce said “Keep walking straight down on the right side.”

Barbara did this and finally found it she walked in and lifted her shirt up, then unbuckled her belt, then pulled down her jeans and importantly her red panties. She shifts her sexy ass over the toilet seat and starts urinating in the toilet. She finished her pee and washed her hands and walked back to Bruce and her desperation finished.

To be continued

*002*2018-07-06 02:35

She had some champagne with Bruce and some cake and there was millions of people there celebrating Mr Wayne’s birthday. Bruce gave a speech and everyone had a great time. But Barbara drank a little too much champagne and her consequence will be real. “Bruce I got to go home now, so I’ll catch you tomorrow see ya.” Bruce smiled and said “Goodbye Barbara, see you tomorrow.” Barbara got in her car and drove back home.

Meanwhile when Barbara was driving her car she felt a little weird feeling coming from her abdomen and she knew she had to pee quite badly. She tried sitting in her seat without moving but the force of her bladder made her feel uncomfortable in her seat. She desperately held her pee in and to not pee in her jeans.

Her desperation keep her having to speed up but not to fast because she did not what to pee in it. She started losing her grip of hold her desperation in as she still had to go fucking badly to the toilet.

Her bladder throbbed and hurt every time she got closer to her home, she took a different way that she usually goes and there was no public restrooms there. She could feel it hurting and then stopped, “Oh no, I have to get home quickly because I have a full bladder and I could pee myself anytime soon.” Her first squirt of pee gushed down her panties making them damp, “Oh shit I am already peeing myself.

She he finally got home and she parked her car and walked to the door and get her keys out. She got her gold key out and unlocked the door and she felt the other squirt coming out of her pussy and her red panties was wet but not soaking wet. She closed the door and ran upstairs to the bathroom and then her bladder couldn’t take it anymore and she peed herself standing outside the bathroom door was late to use the toilet.

She watched herself pee her jeans she did a nice wet and it was so fucking warm as she finish her urination accident.

She took off her jeans and her panties were soaked. She took all her clothes off and put it in the washing machine and went to bed.

She was sleeping but then got bored and masterbated and need to pee, she held in her masterbated pee and fetched a cup and held it under her pussy and then she peed in seconds as she filled the cup to the top with her golden shower and went back to sleep.

To Be Continued...

*004*2018-07-06 02:45

{{3 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that

}}

Thanks Melificentfan get ready for Wonder Woman

*005*2018-07-09 01:54

Her bladder now empty and the full bottle with all her pee stored in it next to her bed. She woke up as she walked over to the bathroom and did her business in the loo. Got dressed and had breakfast and drank a lot of orange juice and got her car keys to drive off to Bruce’s.

Just like last time Barbara felt a lit﻿tle weird feeling coming from her abdomen and she knew she had to pee quite badly. She tried sitting in her seat without moving but the force of her bladder made her feel uncomfortable in her seat. She desperately held her pee in and to not pee in her jeans.

Her bladder throbbed every time she got closer or went over a bump in the road, she took a different way than when she came back yesterday night. She could feel it hurting and then stopped, “Oh no, I have to get there quickly before I pee myself. ” Her first squirt of pee gushed down her panties making them damp, “Oh shit I am already peeing myself.

﻿ ﻿

She immediately given up and let her bladder empty its self but then she saw a public restroom but then she could make it out it was out of order. She looked around the car for an empty water bottle in case of emergencies like now but there was none to be seen. She finally got to Bruce and she parked her car and walked to the door and knocked on the door and desperately crossed her legs together and to hold back her flood gates. Just then the other squirt of pee came out of her pussy and her blue with white stripes panties was wet but not soaking wet. Bruce was taking long to open the door. Barbara desperately did a pee pee dance. Babs’s bladder couldn’t take it anymore and she peed herself standing outside Wayne Manor’s door and she was to late to use the toilet. She watched herself pee her jeans and she was sad that she soaked her Levi’s from front and back.

Bruce opened the door and saw a crying Barbara and noticed her wet jeans and he welcomed her in.

To Be Continued

*007*2018-07-11 01:17

Barbara sat down, still crying about her little accident and Bruce felt sad for her and hugged her. He told her to follow him and told her to strip down her took all her wet clothes and walked to put it in the washing machine.

He turned it on and walked back and gave her some other clothes to wear and included panties. She wore some jeans, red panties and her shirt she wore when she had the accident in her jeans.

She stoped crying and Bruce gave her some water and they talked about how Barbara is ready to be Batgirl, but Barbara drank a little too much water and she felt a strange feeling coming from her abdomen and she knew she had to pee quite badly and needed to use the bathroom soon or would have another accident. She tried sitting in her seat without moving but the force of her bladder made her feel uncomfortable in her seat. She desperately held her pee in and to not pee in her loaned jeans. “Bruce I got to go, I’ll see you later.”

Babs run as fast as she could to get to the bathroom and use the toilet to do her business that regarded as desperately needing a wee. ﻿﻿ Her desperation keep her to speed up in running pace to escape her accident. She started losing her grip of hold her desperation in as she still had to go fucking badly to the toilet.

Her bladder throbbed and hurt and finally she got there she opened the door and went inside. She could feel it hurting and then stopped, “I need to get on the toilet quickly because I have a full bladder now I could pee my pants anytime soon.”

﻿ ﻿

She he finally got into one and pulled down the jeans Bruce gave her and the panties too and just by her earliest she made it she immediately let go of her aching bladder and by her desperation it ended. Her pee flooded down into the toilet and it so felt so good and so deeply warm. She wished she could pee forever because of its warm feeling and she loved peeing in her panties, jeans and mostly all her clothes.

She grabbed her pussy and pulled up the panties and jeans up and flush the toilet and left to go back to Bruce and hopefully nothing bad would happen today not meaning wet pants meaning someone brakes in to Wayne Mannor

To Be Continued...

*009*2018-07-11 03:32

{{59 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

This is excellent

}}

Thanks Melificentfan get ready for the next part of the story

*010*2018-07-11 04:38

Barbara made her way to Bruce again and then the talked and talked at the same place where Babs almost had another accident but escaped it’s warm clutches. She drinks some more water and that was probably 3 glasses of water. Just then the a loud bang starts Bruce jumps up thinking Joker’s back, he goes into the Batcave’s secret enterance and got changed in the Batman suit.

Just then a strange but familiar voice of a girl speaks and it is not a zombie Vicki Vale but it’s Poison Ivy who so happens to be in desperation for a toilet. Batman comes back holding the Batgirl suit and Barbara gets change into it. Now Poison Ivy walks into the hallway where Bruce and Babs are, Batgirl looks at her legs and they were crossed over and one hand pressing on her pussy.

Batgirl says to Batman that it looks Ivy has to pee, Ivy’s plants disappear and then a loud hissing noise happens and her green swimsuit in the middle becomes darker in colour as it means she was too late to the bathroom and had an accident in her suit. The pee all running down her legs which are in tights.

Just then Harley Quinn comes in and says “I’m now on your side now, because of Mr J killed my friend!” “You’re friends with Vicki?” Asks Batman. “Yes I am, I was the one who made her fall in love with peeing herself.” “Harley, come back now! It doesn’t matter if your friend is dead come back with me and face Joker with me.” “No Ivy I will not!” Now Batman throws a Batarang that stuns you and Ivy is out cold.

“Sorry about that, you see she wanted me to stay on the bad side but I refused to and made her drink as much water by force to have an embarrassing accident and I’m sorry about the floor there. Bruce says “It’s ok, I’ll clean it up.”

Now Batgirl’s bladder starts working and needing to go to the toilet quite desperately. She indicated this to Bruce and Harley needs to go as well and they both run there Batgirl goes first and because her as Barbara Gordon never forgave her for when she hurt Robin. She found tape and before her pee she tapped all the toilet seats in the stalls together that you can’t open the lid and she felt a little squirt happened. She shouted out loud to Harley that all the toilets seats have tape on it and is impossible to take off.

She walks in to the stall where she went a few minutes ago in and takes off her suit and then her panties and lets out her flood gates that flowed like rain in a thunderstorm, she is just in her red panties with her black bra on and batgirl suit hanging down her legs. She smiled and felt her warmth of her pee and finished. She got some toilet paper and wiped herself. She walked to wash her hands and walk outside. Then she sees Harley with a wet short skirt and pee running down her pantyhose in which her legs are in. Now Batman comes and says tonight I have will give you a mission as Batgirl.

I already did the next chapter before I ever made this story and it was my very first omorashi I did.

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed4684653507" scrolling="no" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" style="height:261px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/41993-batgirl%E2%80%99s-accident/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1414392&embedComment=1414392&embedDo=findComment#comment-1414392"

To Be Continued...

*012*2018-07-17 02:40

Batman and Commissioner Gordon got there and she desperately tried to hide her little accident away from them. Gordon came and handcuffed the robber and Batman left with him, only leaving Batgirl. Batgirl took her hands off her wet spots on her rubber pants.

She got on her purple motorcycle and drove off to a public restroom. When she got there she sneaked in and took her pants off and took her panties off. She squeezed her panties to get some of the piss stains in it but not as much if she put it in washing machine.

She got back on and drove home, she got there in a few minutes and when she was inside she stripped off and washed her panties. She sat down watching TV naked and she got so bored watching the late news so she walked upstairs to her room so she could get to her wardrobe and to pick out a pair of old jeans that still fitted her and she put it on.

She walked back downstairs and went to the fridge and took out all the bottles of water and watched the news and trying to pee herself.

She kept drink and she stopped at a total of 8 bottles of water and by her excitement she peed herself, it was all gushing down her legs and her whole jeans were soaked in pee and she smiled in relief as she finished. Now she took it off and she got her sexy naked ass off the couch and walked up to her bedroom to sleep.

The next morning:

She woke up with a bladder that needed to use the toilet badly and she went back to sleep as her IPhone alarm went off and she turned it off. Then later she woke up and she overslept and could fell her bladder pumping up and down meaning she had a full bladder. Today she didn’t want to wet bed because she did that before and just didn’t want to do something new today. So she moved her reading pillow and took off it’s pillow slip and started peeing in seconds on the pillow it felt so nice and she loved it.

Now she got up used the bathroom to brush her hair and walked out of there and went to do a holding pee challenge and she would love it because she loves wetting herself, but then she remembered she would meet Wonder Woman with Supergirl tomorrow at 12:00 AM.

To Be Continued...

