A horror movie with a twist

Author: bswanson

*000*2023-03-17 18:17

It starts like that classic plot you driving when your car breaks down and the repair shop in town is closed for the weekend. you check into the hotel and get to your room, where after a long drive you gotta pee, you go to use the restroom, but when you get the the toilet and pull whatever you are wearing down you just cant pee. you try to relax but nothing. however as soon as you pull up your pants/shorts/ or if a skirt panties you pee soaking them. same thing the following morning. you are like what is going on so you, you then notice the townspeople all have wet pants/shorts etc. you ask what is going on and someone finally tells you about the town curse. one year ago college students were partying celebrating their upcoming graduation. one girl named Emma became desperate to pee, but there was a line to the bathroom 2 girls ahead of her.

She begged them to let her go first, but they were the mean girls and refused. soon it would be too late Emma lost control and peed her pants. everyone saw and started teasing her. embarrassed she ran off to her dorm. Emma had a secret no one knew she was a witch. When she got back to her dorm she would get her revenge by casting a spell that whenever anyone in the town triad to use a toilet for peeing they would be unable to pee. the only way they could pee is with their pants/shorts or panties on. After casting the spell she would then change her appearance and leave the town before the people could find her and beg her to break the curse. the town would be cursed forever in a twist ending people thought if they left town the curse would break, however another spell cast prevented them from leaving if they tried to leave they would just wind up back in town

