The New Law

Author: BurstingStory

*000*2019-04-29 23:36

The clouds slowly faded away, as the looming skyscrapers of the city came into view. Erica could not wait to return home, after spending a whole year studying abroad, away from all of her friends and family. She had just completed her coursework, and now got to return home for the first time in a year. Being a college student, she maintained constant contact with everyone she knew, but it never quite was the same experience as being back in her home country.

However, the first thing Erica needed, was to find a bathroom. She absolutely hated airplane bathrooms, and being in the tight cramped quarter made her quite nervous. She drank several bottles of water on the flight, along with a few alcoholic beverages. Since it was an international flight, it had been nearly twelve hours since Erica last went to the bathroom, and now she was becoming quite desperate. Since she would be arriving at the gate, she knew there would be restrooms as soon as she exited, and she could simply stop by before heading off to customs.

The sound of the airplane gear dropping could be heard, and Erica tightly gripped the armrest, as the rough jolt of landing made her jump slightly. Erica could feel her bladder being pressed hardly by the tight seat belt, and the rapid deceleration did her no favors in terms of holding her pee in. However, as soon as it started, the landing was over, and the plane began to slowly taxi towards the gate.

Erica sighed and relaxed, as she felt the plane slow up, and finally stop. The cabin lights turned off, and the front door of the cabin opened. Passengers immediately began to stand up and reach for their overhead bags, in a rush to get off of the plane as fast as possible. Erica stood up, and picked up her backpack from under her seat. She removed her blond her in front of her face, and tucked it behind her, as she stepped into the aisle, and deplaned.

With a quick pep in her step, Erica made her way off of the jet-way, and into the terminal. She was immediately greeted with a cold blast of air conditioning, a far cry from the hot and stuffy airplane. Looking around, Erica found a sign for the restrooms, which was conveniently on the way towards the custom booths. She was almost there, and she could feel her bladder torment her by the second!

Erica looked up expectantly at the sign for the women's restrooms, only to find the door shut and a note taped up on the door. She walked closer and began to read the note quietly to herself. "Due to the new law, this bathroom will be inoperable for the near future. We apologize for the inconvenience." The note read, and Erica stared at it quite puzzled. "What new law?" She pondered to herself, as she descended down a staircase towards the customs booth.

Luckily, there were many booths open, and the line moved quite swiftly. Erica soon came up to the booth, and handed the officer her passport. The officer was a young man, not much older than Erica, and he looked quite bored at his job. "Excuse me...what is this...new law? There was a sign on a bathroom door that mentioned it...but what is it exactly?" Erica asked, genuinely curious.

"Have you not heard? There was a law passed a few months ago...all female public bathrooms are now closed...apparently it's to save money. At least that's what the politicians say." The officer replied nonchalantly, unaware of Erica's plight.

"So...are you telling me, that the only place I can use the restroom, is in my own home?" Erica asked, beginning to sweat nervously.

"Yes...that is correct. So if you have to go...you're going to have to hold it until you get home."

*007*2019-04-30 18:25

{{

3 hours ago, peeople said:

As far as I know, China has less than 100 years of public toilets for women.

One hundred years ago, women urinated at home and held back when they went out.

}}

That's really interesting, I never would've thought that there would be a real life law against it!

It kind of reminds me in medieval Europe, how there would be communal toilets, and I'm sure there would be some people with aversion to using one, and therefore would only be able to use the one in their house.

*009*2019-05-01 00:55

{{

26 minutes ago, peeople said:

I think ancient women can hold pee more than today's women

}}

I'm sure, it wouldn't shock me at all...

*011*2019-05-01 10:34

Erica's eyes widened and immediately glanced down at her bladder. She could feel a sizable bulge grow, right beneath her stomach. Wearing a tight fitting shirt, the bulge was quite noticeable and the customs officer took quick notice, glancing at the young female.

"It looks like you really are in need to get home aren't you?" He teased as he handed back her passports, and she made her way out of the area, down towards the baggage claim. Erica was quite nervous, knowing that she still had a little ways to go home, including a ride on the subway just to get to her car in the parking lot. On her way down, she could see that all of the female bathrooms that had previously existed where all shut and locked, while the male bathrooms were working perfectly fine.

The suitcases were already making their way around the carousel, and Erica picked her heavy suitcase up. Simply lifting it off of the moving carousel proved to be a slight challenge. She groaned slightly, feeling an added strain on her bladder, as she made her way out to towards the people-mover that the airport had.

The platform was quite busy, with several flights having just landed. Erica glanced around, and noticed several other women in similar situations. One woman was attempting to be as discrete as possible, but she reached her hand down, and was rubbing her crotch gently. Erica felt bad for her, and all of the other women that had to go to the bathroom. She nervously tapped her feet, as she quickly boarded the train when it arrived, and sat down.

A young teenager occupied the seat next to her, and took off his headphones when he noticed the young woman sitting next to her. He surveyed her up and down, before clearing his throat. "I take it you learned about the law..." He laughed and pointed down, towards Erica's bulge. She couldn't help but nod, a nervous look creeping across her face.

"This new law is great...all of these women holding in their pee...it's just the best." He laughed some more, as the train began to move slowly, heading to the parking lot of the airport. Erica pulled out her phone, wanting to pass the time anyway that she could. She knew that there was likely going to be traffic heading home, and she wanted to be out of the parking lot as quick as possible.

As soon as the train stopped, Erica quickly got up and departed, making her way through the vast mass of parked cars, eventually finding hers. She breathed a sigh of relief, as she loaded everything into her car, and slowly lifted up her shirt. Erica rubbed her bulge gently, trying to soothe her aching bladder as best as she could.

"You can do this Erica...you can do it..." She attempted to reassure herself, taking a deep breath and starting to make the drive home, hoping that she didn't wet herself in the car.

*014*2019-05-02 23:39

Erica took a deep breath and pulled her car out of the parking lot. Plugging in her home address into the GPS in her car, she sighed softly as she noticed what it said. There was traffic on the main highway heading back to her house, and it didn't appear to be getting any better. There were other routes available, but Erica knew that the roads had lots of stoplights, and likely had heavy amounts of traffic as well.

Erica drove onto the highway, and made it a few miles without any traffic. However, there was a steady stream of red lights, signaling the beginning of the long traffic jam. Erica had to stop her car, and took a moment to adjust her seatbelt. She hadn't thought about it up until now, but the belt was placed snugly over her full bladder, and she could feel the belt place extra pressure on her abdomen.

The traffic began to slowly move, albeit at a very small pace. Erica had one hand on the steering well, and another hand on her bladder, rubbing her bulge gently, trying to keep as calm as possible. The continuous starting and stopping of the car did no favors for her either, and Erica could feel her desperation increase with every small motion. Continuing on, she made slow progress on the highway, counting down the miles to her home. With every stop, she squeezed her legs together to try and hold, only to spread them out slightly when she had to accelerate.

Finally, the traffic appeared to dissipate, and began moving smoothly again. Erica was almost home and she knew it! She was becoming quite enthusiastic about her chances at relieving her aching bladder. Her exit appeared, and she got off of the highway. Suddenly, a loud thump rang out, and the car bounced along the pavement. Erica yelped loudly and felt herself leak out a little. She gasped in horror, a feeling of warmth spreading in her panties. She instinctively reached her hands into her crotch, and jammed her hand against her body, trying to stop the stream.

Erica groaned, and finally managed to hold her bladder in, but some damage was already dealt. There was a distinct damp spot on her panties, which Erica could feel. She could feel the desperation increase even more, now that she had already let her muscles give in. She was almost home though! Driving as quick as she could without getting pulled over, she turned onto her street, and drove past the familiar houses that she remembered.

Turning into her driveway, Erica quickly pulled out her house keys, and parked the car as quick as she could. Sprinting out, she unlocked the door as fast as she could. With every step, she could feel her muscles weaken more, and she finally began to give way, just as she arrived at her own bathroom.

Pulling down her pants and underwear, she allowed the stream to continue down into the toilet. The sound of pee hitting the water made Erica relax, knowing that she made it, and she could finally release her full bladder into a toilet. Continuing on for a minute, she finally finished and pulled up her pants. Flushing the toilet, she made her way into the living room before sitting on the couch, finally relaxing.

A thought occurred to Erica, and she smiled slightly at it. Even though she was truly desperate to use the toilet earlier, she found that she genuinely enjoyed holding her pee. While she was quite urgent and she was in an emergency to use the bathroom, the feeling of holding her own pee appealed to her, and the reward of making it into the bathroom just in time seemed to appeal to her.

"Maybe this new law isn't so bad..." She said with a smile growing across her face.

*016*2019-05-03 10:25

If anyone is interested, I would be interested in writing another POV about the new law.

*021*2019-05-04 02:19

{{

2 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

The style was kind of awkward (better description and pacing, as well as more refinement of what details to focus on would do this story wonders) but there is certainly some gold here. "Looks like you really are in need to get home" was my favorite part. Politely using a euphemism, but totally clear he knew she had to pee badly. Excellent touch!

}}

Thank you for the feedback, I feel I kind of rushed the latter parts out especially.

*024*2019-05-07 18:46

{{

20 hours ago, Xx4evRockerxX said:

Hopefully this story continues! I’m imagining Erica pushing some limits and boundaries on purpose

}}

I likely won't continue this story, but am interested in exploring more about this concept.

