Toximiss In: A Super-Full Bladder!

Author: Burstshrimp004

*000*2026-01-30 21:36

Author's Note:

This is a fun little story I wrote about a superheroine who gets caught on the wrong end of a pee-emergency. I wrote this during a period where I didn't have too many IRL obligations going on, but now that I'm back to doing a lot offline, I didn't really get much chance to revise and rewrite aspects of this story. So I thought I'd publish it as-is instead of letting it fade away from my memory or interest. If there's any glaring issues or errors, I might fix them, but no promises, as again, super busy lately. Enjoy!

___

At a desk, pushed up against the baby-blue wall of her studio-apartment, Veronica worked diligently on her computer. Clicking and clacking at her mechanical keyboard, she was typing out an important set of emails. To coworkers, media outlets, and more. Her line of work meant maintaining a public presence, attending events when possible, giving lectures or speeches at times, and overall being a positive influence on the community she resides in.

Every so often, she took a large swig of chilled water from a trusty green thermos. Despite wearing little more than a T-shirt and a loose pair of shorts, Veronica still felt the heat from the summer heat combined with her PC’s output. She knew her pet snake loved such warm conditions but she somewhat resented how much she had to drink just to stay moderately cool. She had tannish brown skin, and black hair, no further down than her shoulders.

Her thick legs bounced and jiggled as she focused on finishing up a particularly important email confirming that she’d be willing to be a guest speaker at a local university, to provide a lecture at a seminar about reptile biology and care requirements. The bouncing of her legs was usually little more than a tic; one she happened to do when focused on a task. Though this time, she felt like she was working against the clock. If she drank too much or took too long, she’d have to get up and go pee. And if she got up to pee, then she’d lose the flow she’d found herself in. All these emails were the only part of her job that she didn’t much care for, especially with her general issues with focus or sitting still.

Finishing this high-priority email, she sent it and moved onto the next on the list. She was greeted by a wall of fanmail. She liked to respond to whatever she could. But as she adjusted her position in her chair, she got a ring on her phone. The caller was one she knew all too well. Marcus, the man who acted as her manager and in a sense, her connection to the city at large. Picking up the phone in a scramble, Veronica put it to her ear.

“This is agent Marcus speaking, are you able to report in?”

“Uhh, yea? What’s the sitch?” She asked, lazing about on her gaming chair, spinning it around.

“South Central Bank. We have a robbery going down over there. We think it’s an individual trying to get a slush fund for something big down the line, or just get filthy rich. Think you can handle it?”

“Y-yeah! On it! I’ll put my earpiece in and get there!”

“Right. I’ll get into the camera systems and debrief you when we’re closer. We already have police presence but things are at a standstill.” Marcus hung up.

Veronica leapt up from her chair, not even shutting down her computer and got to her closet. Looking inside, she found her usual outfits. Behind them all was a tiny green button, pressing it revealed a small compartment where a final set of clothes was hidden. Pulling the set out, she undressed from her pajamas and began to put the spandex costume on, over her red underwear. The suit’s colors were mainly variants of green, countershaded to be lighter on the front, darker on the back. Her back zipper was the next step. Pushing away the dark green cape with one hand, she pulled up the zipper with her other. Finishing the zipper, the cape fell back into place, with the cape ending by her lower back, well above her hips.

With the green spandex now hugging her curves, Veronica added the final touch. A small mask that went over her eyes with triangles that tapered down onto her cheeks, stylized to resemble the shape of fangs, like those of a venomous snake. When popping in her earpiece, she couldn’t help but notice her suit felt just a bit tight above her waist. Veronica looked at her bathroom door for a moment and considered using it. But that would mean having to unzip, undress, redress, and it was just too much hassle for which she had too little time. She just sighed, and headed out the door, making sure it was locked nice and tight before she headed to the exit.

Parked outside her apartment complex was a green motorcycle, the kind that required a bit of a forward lean to ride it properly. Veronica hopped on, started the ignition and jetted off. Her bike was meant for speed and taking tough turns. With her cape billowing in the wind, she leaned forward on the bike and headed South. In the streets, heads turned and cars made way as she barreled down one block after another.

Due to the nature of her employment, her bike was equipped with sirens, similar to law enforcement vehicles, so she could weave through traffic with relative safety. While some other heroes had the luxury of flight, for Veronica, this was a fun and fast enough way to travel. Making good timing, she pulled up, across the street from the South Central Bank and the police presence.

“I see that you got there in one piece. Good thing I ordered those sirens to be put on your bike, eh? Makes it just that much faster.” Marcus said over her earpiece.

“Yeah, thanks.”

Turning off the bike to save fuel, Veronica ran quickly to the group of officers. A few bystanders recognized her even before the officers did.

“Look! It’s Toximiss!”

“About time they sent a hero in on this!”

“Is she even going to be enough? Don’t they have anyone else to back her up?

Veronica, best known to the public as the superhero Toximiss nodded to the bystanders, acknowledging the concerned people and her fans before asking them to back up for their own safety. In all honesty, she thought her superhero name was silly, and wanted to go for something involving the word “venom” but Marcus advised against it due to the alliteration of that and her civilian name making it “too obvious” in his opinion. That and something about confusing her for someone much scarier and far more infamous. Toximiss decided to debrief with the present law enforcement. Listening in through her earpiece was Marcus as well. The details of the situation were a lot to take in. The police described how the suspect was able to call upon waves of water to essentially wash away any security between him and the bank’s vault.

“Sounds like Temperest. To put it simply, he controls water to attack, defend, and evade. That guy may act like a goofball, but during a hurricane a few years back, he even had The Solid Six on the ropes. He is not to be trifled with, nor underestimated. Got it Toximiss?” Marcus said.

“Uh huh.” Toximiss responded to Marcus. “Are there any people inside that need rescuing?” She asked one of the police officers.

“No, from what we know, all the security guards, tellers, employees, everyone, they’re all outside and accounted for. Some bruised, all soaking wet, but pretty much safe. It’s just him and the vault in there. We tried to send in some men with riot shields, but the pressure of his water attacks was just far too much for them.”

For some reason, Toximiss shifted her stance slightly when the word pressure came up. Marcus’ warning about Temperest’s powers didn’t bode well to her. But, today was bright and sunny, not a raincloud in sight, so hopefully if this was Temperest (who held his own against the city’s strongest heroes no less), he would be in a far weaker state than he was then. Toximiss was a strong and professional hero in her own right, but in raw power, she felt like she was eclipsed by every member of The Solid Six, let alone that entire team. She grew a little uncomfortable, anxious, nervous? She couldn’t put her finger on it, but whatever it was, it had her shifting in place from foot to foot. And for some reason she felt like she wanted to pee. Shaking off the thought, she got herself ready.

“Alright. I’m heading in. Make sure you’re ready to arrest and transport him once I return.”

“Of course. Good luck, and thank you, Toximiss. Heroes like you are invaluable to this city.”

Toximiss nodded, and waved to those around her before confidently rushing into the bank’s main entrance, where the doors seemed to be knocked off their hinges. Stepping in, she was grateful for her boots being waterproof. The floor was damp, sopping or squelching with each step she took. Toximiss, looked around the bank and could tell that a serious cleanup crew would be needed once everything here was over. Water damage to the furniture, the walls, even the ceiling showed signs of it! Getting past the main entrance, Toximiss felt a pit of worry swell up inside her. However, it wasn’t the only thing starting to grow and swell.

Toximiss silently cursed to herself as she continued further into the bank. Nearing where the tellers were before, she noticed more of the water damage, with some parts still steadily dripping. Each drip reminded her of her sneaking urge. Ignoring it the best she could, Toximiss went behind the teller’s desk and into the deeper backrooms of the bank. The power was out due to excessive water damage, and no more windows meant little to no light here, manmade or natural.

“Lights are low, Toximiss, but if you can’t see too well, I’ve got night-vision on your earpiece, so if you need a better read down here, ask me.” Marcus said.

“Thanks. I’ll let you know.” She whispered.

Toximiss wasn’t scared of the dark, far from it, but she did grow wary of her surroundings. She expected guards or robbers to round every corner, to be hiding in the doorways that lined the hallway. But no presence, no crewmates to this criminal could be found. And the hall seemed to stretch on and on until Toximiss reached the end of it.

“Alright, to your left is the vault. Head in there when you’re ready. But brace yourself for a fight. We haven’t seen anyone here so far. Be cautious.”

“Yeah, yeah. Got it.” Toximiss said with a strained voice.

The vault was right there, but nearby were the employee bathrooms. Toximiss hesitated, and noticed herself subconsciously pressing her thighs together as she mapped out her next steps. With a guilty glint in her eyes, Toximiss looked from the vault to the bathrooms. She could not risk letting this criminal escape. Starting to cross her legs in the dark, she considered just running in to pee and then confronting the bad guy. But she couldn’t, not with Marcus on her earpiece, he’d see and hear everything! Going off-course here would also be a horrible idea. As she looked, Toximiss noticed water leaking out from under the bathroom doors. Seeing the flowing water made her hyper-aware of the growing pressure in her abdomen. It wasn’t just the nerves anymore. Her bladder felt like it was swelling up, like a water balloon on a hot summer’s day.

“That leak doesn’t look right, I’m checking that room.” Toximiss made a flimsy justification.

“But, the vault is the other way, we shouldn’t–”

Toximiss disconnected the live audio/video recording for just a moment as she hurried to the bathroom door. Opening it, hoping for a chance to quickly sneak a bathroom break, her heart sank. Every toilet was totally broken and leaking water. Slamming the door shut to prevent more toilet water from sopping into the hallway, Toximiss wanted nothing to do with that whole mess. Though the quick movements put pressure on her filling bladder as the snug spandex felt just a bit tighter. Turning her earpiece back on, she stammered an alibi.

“I lost connection for a second, sorry! I’m… I’m back now. So yeah, we’re all good now.”

“I see.” Marcus sounded unconvinced but didn’t push any further. “Just head into the vault when you’re ready.”

“Yeah.” She took a deep breath. “I can do this.”

Toximiss walked down the hall and was met with light. It was the open space of the delivery garage, totally locked down except for one key problem. The vault door was pried open. And standing in the doorway, in his aqua-blue suit was a single man. His lean figure, almost silly smirk, and slicked-back brown hair indicated that it was, in-fact, Temperest. The villain stepped forward, making little splashes on the wet floor beneath him. Toximiss raised her hands in a battle-ready position, though her stance looked more stiff than usual, her legs held too closely together as a few beads of sweat rolled down her forehead.

“Well, well, well. A hero, willing to ruin my plan. Well, you’re too late.”

Toximiss stood her ground, unflinching. She remained focused on Temperest as he paced in front of the ajar vault door, away from the gold inside.

“You’re too late to ruin my plan… because I’ve already ruined it myself.” Temperest said.

The serious look on Toximiss’ face softened into one of confusion mixed with her tense focus. Raising a skeptical brow, she shifted in place once more, thighs rubbing together as she did. She did everything she could to not show any weakness to her opponent. She really began to wish that the bathroom she found before was usable.

“You see, I didn’t want to share my score with any lackeys or goons or whathaveyou. So, I, in my genius, decided to take this score alone. One problem: I can’t transport the gold out of here by myself”

“Be careful Toximiss, he’s dangerous, even alone.” Marcus said over the earpiece.

“Then why don’t you make this easier for the both of us and just give up?” Toximiss asked her opponent, secretly hoping he’d stand down even if only so she could use the bathroom sooner.

“Give up? Oh no no! That’s not acceptable now! I’ve gone too far already! But you, your presence might have given me just the solution I needed!”

Toximiss sighed as her chance at relief came any sooner now gone. Temperest raised his arms and called upon the water that saturated the ground beneath them, turning it into solid arms of liquid. Toximiss dodged the haphazard strikes from these aquatic arms before calling upon her powers. Her body could produce poisons and venoms of various animals, plants, and other organisms and use them to enhance her attacks. Producing bullet-ant venom and directing it to her hands, Toximiss rushed in to engage in hand-to-hand combat. However, Temperest had a longer reach and could keep the heroine at bay.

Not to mention, all the movement was doing no favors for her bladder which made itself known with every jostling step and bound. Toximiss knew that this approach wasn’t working. Deciding to utilize a different type of attack, she prepared to use a knockout gas of some kind, one she could breathe out into the air around her, hopefully knocking out her opponent. Though she’d have to be careful using it, lest she get put to sleep as well. Exhaling with all the force her lungs could muster, the poison coursed from her body and into the room, with Temperest taking notice.

Toximiss readied another exhalation. To prevent more of the air from coming into the room from her mouth, Temperest forced a beam of water towards her mouth, which Toximiss was caught off-guard by. She unintentionally gulped down quite a bit of water before she could get away from the attack and coughed. She exhaled again, more gas filling the room, which seemed to slow down Temperest. As his movements slowed, he made a final desperate lunge towards Toximiss, but it was not enough. Temperest had begun to fall asleep with his body slowly going limp until he stumbled to the floor. Once he fell, all the water he controlled dissipated back into his body or simply flowed away wherever it would have naturally gone.

Toximiss, tired from their battle, breathed heavily until she too grew drowsy. Too little too late, she realized that her own knockout poison would put her to sleep next. She would wake up perfectly unharmed but if Temperest did so before her, she would be in danger. She tried to speak to Marcus through her earpiece but could only mumble as she drifted off to sleep.

When Toximiss finally did wake up, she found herself on the very same spot and feeling quite groggy. When she cleared her eyes of any fogginess, she was faced with a beautiful woman, a redhead in a sky blue-colored leotard. Toximiss recognized her immediately. It was Hurrikay, one of the city’s most-respected heroes and long-time member of The Solid Six. Holding out her arm, Hurrikay helped Toximiss right onto her feet.

“Whew, good to see you’re alright. I had to use my wind powers to clear the room of that stuff.”

“You’re– you’re Hurrikay! I’m a huge fan! I’m so sorry… Using my ability in an unventilated space was a stupid idea…” Toximiss said.

“I guess I’m flattered. And about the whole debacle, don’t worry. Everyone has their hiccups. I’ve got Temperest, he’s still in dreamland. Thanks to you of course.”

“Okay, wow…” Toximiss stretched, though doing so now revealed a big, swollen problem. Her bladder was excruciatingly full. It sent a jolt up her spine and into her mind. “H-how long was I out for?”

“About two hours. Your knockout gas took quite a while to clear out from there. We were lucky that Hurrikay was just finishing up a job one town over.” Marcus said over his earpiece. “We were worried sick about you! Just get out of there with Hurrikay.”

As Toximiss and Hurrikay walked out from the bank, Toximiss could only male small wobbled steps. Every single step made her feel like she was about to burst. When Hurrikay walked ahead of her, she couldn’t help but jam her hands between her legs straight into the crotch of her tight green spandex. She even went as far as to rub herself to try and keep the torrent of piss at bay. Two hours. Two additional hours of piss had surged its way into her bladder.

As she passed the bathrooms destroyed by Temperest, her mind wandered to the thermos of water she drank before even coming out here. She had at least 700 to 800 milliliters which had plenty of time to course into her bladder. Then there was whatever she drank during her fight and the fact that she already somewhat had to pee before she even left the house. That was at about 2pm, and now it was almost 5. She hadn’t peed since at least 1:30pm! At least four and a half hours of piss were left to roil inside her with nowhere else to go.

When she finally did emerge from the bank alongside Hurrikay, she had to stop her crotch-grabbing no matter how badly she felt she needed to in order to maintain her bladder control. And she was right to do so as the front doors were swarming with reporters, excited by the prospect of the story. Once the police stepped in and took away Temperest to be arrested, Toximiss was met by the wall of people. Her heart sank and she felt the smallest spurt of hot urine jet into her panties. Her thighs became immediately smushed together at this point, with her barely able to waddle past all the reporters who bombarded the superheroes with questions. Noticing her fellow hero’s discomfort, Hurrikay told the reporters that Toximiss couldn’t stick around for long for an important reason.

“Wait, why can’t you answer us right now?” One eager man asked, microphone out.

Toximiss stammered for a second, beet-red and utterly mortified by her situation before she could choke out a reasonable excuse.

“My pet snake at home really needs to be fed, It’s long past his feeding-time and he needs me!”

Some reporters wrote down the quote, others chattered amongst themselves, and some tried to ask more, but alas, it was for naught, as with a wink from Hurrikay, she guided Toximiss through the group and once she was basically free, Hurrikay eagerly answered any and all questions that came her way, making sure to emphasize that Toximiss seemed to do all the work here. Toximiss hurried over to her bike. She needed to get home, now. Fumbling to get her keys for it, her breathing grew heavy and erratic in her desperation.

Finally putting in the keys, she got on the bike. But she realized another grave issue. The way she needed to be sat on the bike essentially added even more pressure to her already bursting bladder. She winced and whimpered when she leaned forward to gain more speed when she drove away. Every little bump in the road sent a shock into her bladder and her twitching groin. At a stoplight, so close to home when nobody was around, she grinded against the seat of her bike. The pathetic display was her attempt at trying to keep the piss at bay for just a bit longer.

Eventually, she finally made it to her apartment complex and took the key from her bike, rushing inside the building, she was left with an impossible choice. Either take the slow elevator, or risk more movement on the stairs. She lived at least several stories up so taking the stairs likely meant a one-way trip to pissing her pants, so Toximiss pressed the elevator button and danced helplessly waiting for the machine to come down. When the door opened, she almost lost it. But instead, with all her strength, she kept it in, just barely.

As nobody else was on the elevator with her, her body went into an all-out potty dance. She crossed and uncrossed her legs, both hands jammed into her crotch, and she whispered to herself how she was going to make it to her toilet any minute now. But it was almost futile. All her pee-dancing failed to stop the next leak. Toximiss whimpered as she froze up. For a good second or two piss spurted out from her and straight into her already saturated panties. A tiny wet spot on her supersuit was made bigger by having her jammed in her crotch, also dirtying one of her gloves. Her quivering peehole ached when she clenched to cut off the flow.

Leaving the elevator, she scrambled to her door, miraculously getting it open before she pissed full force into her suit. But as she entered the apartment, clumsily slamming the door behind her, she felt the floodgates loosen their iron grip. She was already seconds away from pissing her pants when she ran to the toilet. Standing in front of the porcelain throne, Toximiss fumbled with her back-zipper, barely able to grasp it with one hand as her other hand remained jammed between her legs as the warmth began to spread from her crotch. 

In a split-second decision, she leapt into the shower as the piss flooded out into her supersuit. Resigning in defeat, Toximiss allowed her hand to retreat from her torrential flooding. Steaming-hot piss thundered out from her bladder and into her clothing. The spandex of her suit was absolutely drenched now. As she pissed, Toximiss let out an orgasmic moan as she practically collapsed in her bathtub, further saturating her suit with the piss that had gathered in the tub before slowly entering the drain.

To her this felt unlike anything else. Her gloved hand trailed down to her sopping wet crotch and began to rub. Whereas before she rubbed and grinded herself to keep the piss inside her, she now did it for pleasure. She sat in the tub, the superhero turned whimpering wet mess. She brought herself to orgasm right there in the tub, further dirtying her ruined panties and compromised supersuit. Breathing heavily, she heard something that made her heart nearly stop

“T-Toximiss? Are you okay?”

“Fuck!” She gasped, blushing intensely. “I’m okay, okay…”

“Alright. I think you left your earpiece on… I left to get a coffee but I came back to see whatever, this is…” Marcus seemed to stumble over his words, more flustered than aghast by what he’d apparently witnessed.

“Fuck, no no no, please–”

“Don’t worry. I’ll wipe away everything from after you left the bank from our records. All of this will go off the books, alrighty?”

“Y-yeah… Fuck. I’m sorry. I should have…”

“Don’t even worry about it. We’re all good. Signing off.” Marcus said in a bit of a hurry.

Toximiss stood back up in the tub sighing as she took out her earpiece and set it aside. Looking down at herself, her bladder bulge was completely gone. She felt a mix of arousal, shame, sexiness, and more, all bubbling beneath the surface of the soaked supersuit, tightly hugging her curves. Shaking her head, she began to undress, peeling away the soaked suit. She reluctantly got ready for the arduous cleanup process that would follow her accident. Little did she know however, that this accident would be the first spark for a new passion.

