Tina's Bladder Troubles (A Fossil Fighters Champions Fanfic)

Author: BurstShrimp68

*000*2022-06-05 03:35

Author's notes: I don't think there has ever been any Fossil FIghters Omo content, and its a franchise I absolutely adore, so maybe I could be the first writer to ever make one. If so, wow. For anyone out of the loop Fossil Fighters on a super basic level is essentially pokemon with elemental dinosaurs. In reality it is so much more than that, but for those unfamiliar, that should cover some the basics needed to fully get some parts of the fic.

The atmosphere was buzzing with excitement. Tina was an up-and-coming Fossil Fighter entered into the Caliosteo Cup and she specialized in Water-Typed Vivosaurs. Due to her love of Water-Types she wore a blue tracksuit most of the time with a white shirt underneath. She had a skinny, somewhat athletic build, but some form of curvature to her figure and she had brown hair which was kept at shoulder length. Tina had just defeated her opponent in the third round of the Cup thanks to her trusty team of the small but sturdy Proto, the agile dolphin-like swimmer Shoni, and her ferocious signature Sucho.

Her entire team consisted of female vivosaurs as of now. Tina felt that her last match in the cup was too close for comfort, as she faced an opponent utilizing the Air-Types Goyo and Coatlus, alongside a Fire-Type menchi. The Air-Types were absolutely devastating against Tina’s Water-Typed team. Tina was pushed into a two versus one situation, and had only won through Sucho persevering through Goyo’s fierce wind-based headbutts, swiping Goyo down when it got greedy, then utilizing powerful water-based attacks on the Fire-Typed Menchi, which decimated her opponent.

Before leaving Ribular town, Tina made sure to buy a large smoothie to sip on. She absolutely loved that because Ribular Town was a tropical island, there was never a shortage in delicious smoothies to try. She chose a strawberry and banana smoothie and also bought a bottle of water just in case. She bought her drinks and sipped on her smoothie as she left the shop where she bought it.

Tina had ventured to Treasure Lake from Ribular Town in an effort to dig up some more fossils to aid in growing her fledgling team, and prepare for the challenges that would come with traveling to Cranial Isle, sipping on her smoothie the entire way. Treasure Lake happened to be a good fossil location for locating fossils for her team members. She also planned to gain some new Vivosaurs here, mainly the iconic Tricera, and an agile flier in the form of Thalasso to round out her monotype Water team.

Tina had always loved the water since she was young and saw being a fossil fighter as an opportunity to connect with it on a greater level. Though there was quite some competition for being a dedicated master of Water-Vivosaurs. She had to contend with the likes of young prodigy fossil fighters, most notably Rupert, who wielded an imposing Mapo alongside other powerful vivosaurs to demolish any opponents he had faced so far in the Cup. Tina decided to wade into the shallow lake and start digging.

Her pickaxe began chipping away at the ground as she searched for rocks to collect. Between powerful swings, she drank her smoothie, but by the time she even found one fossil rock of the Tricera she wanted, the smoothie’s cup had been utterly depleted. Tina did not want to leave however, she continued digging, and found yet another fossil, possibly belonging to Tricera or Thalasso. She grew thirsty again however, and opened her bottle of water, this time, not blinded by the flavor as she drank from it when she needed to instead of just to get a rush of flavor.

She had been digging for a while near and in the shallow water, finding plenty of rocks to analyze and clean. She even found what she thought could be an arm fossil to further bolster her Sucho’s strength. Deciding to head back to town, she finished off her water bottle, but realized something. Cleaning can only do so much to make a vivosaur strong. In order for her team to not stagnate and lose, she must battle outside of the Cup matches.

Tina looked around to see if anyone was up for a quick battle before she headed back to town. She saw someone and he was quite handsome and clean looking despite the usually dusty or rugged nature of digging up fossils. Tina felt a little nervous, she was blushing slightly, but forced herself to walk towards him as he was crouched over a fossil rock he had dug up. The young man got up, and turned around, having heard Tina walking towards him. Tina jumped back a tiny bit, continuing to blush, but her face grew even redder as the first sparks of a crush were forming.

“Huh? Why’d you sneak up on me like that?” The boy asked Tina.

Tina was nervous, captivated by his voice and jet-black hair, “I wanted to have a fossil battle, but I completely understand if you don’t want to, or if you were busy, or if you were creeped out by me, I-I’m so sorr-”

“Sure.” He interrupted her, not totally sure why she was stammering.

“Oh I’ll just be goi- wait. You said yes?”

“Yeah. I’d love to have a fossil battle. I lost my last match in the cup to Rupert so maybe a friendly low-pressure battle could cheer me up. Oh, and my name is Mark. And yours is?”

“Tina. I’m so sorry about creeping up on you like that. I’d like to have a battle.”

“Good to meet you. And I hope our Vivosaurs will feel the same in battle.” Mark replied, shining three medals to Tina.

Tina and Mark walked apart to create space for their fossil battle. Tina threw her medals, sending out her Proto, Sucho, and Shoni in a ray of light. Mark responded by doing the same, releasing three Earth-Types, those being the regal looking Raja, a fleet-footed Tryma, and a large yet clownish Anato.

Both teams were on the field, and as the battle began, Tina felt a pressure building up. She brushed it off as just excitement. She ordered her Sucho to attack Mark’s Raja, and their vivosaurs were locked into battle. Her Proto was not faring well against the flightless, but agile bird Tryma. Shoni was doing amazingly in combat against Anato however, “swimming” through the air boosted by watery waves created from Shoni’s previous attacks. Shoni shot a whirlpool of water at the duck-billed Anato who appeared to be mindlessly flailing its arms around, blindly trying to land a punch. When Shoni launched the whirlpool, Tina realized what her pressure was. It was her bladder, having been filled drastically by the smoothie she sipped on earlier, and the water she drank while digging up fossils.

Proto managed to land a few hits onto Tryma, but the bird was more than a match for the tiny hornless ceratopsian. Fading into white light and back to its medal, Proto was defeated. Shoni also had launched another whirlpool at Anato, defeating it, and causing the Anato to return to its medal as well. Upon seeing the water erupt from Shoni’s maw, Tina winced a bit, being reminded of her rapidly filling bladder. Shoni and Tryma, both having defeated their opponents, turned their attention to one another. All the while, Raja and Sucho were locked in a back-and-forth, a stalemate of sorts. Shoni and Tryma’s duel was short-lived however, as right when Shoni delivered a final biting attack to Tryma, Raja launched a burst of dirt at the large ichthyosaur, and defeated it as well. Now it was down to Raja and Sucho. They both backed off for a moment, both being roughed up from their prolonged assault.

Tina was beginning to need to cross her legs, her bladder was brimming with pee and said urine was pushing upon her bladder’s walls. Tina crossed her legs subtly, as she commanded Sucho to go on the offensive again. Sucho rushed towards Raja, only to be launched backwards by a swift headbutt. Raja seemed to scoff at its opponent, as he let out a snort from his nose. Sucho regained its footing, looking towards Tina, who was now pressing her thighs together and beginning to shake from her desperation. Tina told Sucho to rush in again, but this time proved no different than the last. One swift move from Raja sent the weakened Sucho reeling back. Tina, wanting to win the battle, knew a ranged water-attack would be the best course of action, but also wanting to continue containing her bladder’s contents, was reluctant to do so.

Tina sighed before making her order. “Sucho, blast Raja with all you’ve got!”

Mark heard Tina’s command, “Raja, bring on a desert storm!”

The two theropods launched bursts of energy from their mouths, Sucho releasing a torrent of water, and Raja launching a vast array of rocks and dirt. The two forces clashed, spewing dirt, water, and mud between the two combatants. But Sucho’s attack gained the upper hand, and the beam of water overtook Raja’s storm, sending a monsoon crashing into Raja. Raja was defeated and returned to his medal. Sucho let out a final roar in victory, before turning towards Tina and returning to his medal.

“Wow. That was one heck of a battle Tina. Your team is amazing.”

“As was yours Mark. I would have been scared if you were my previous opponent.” Tina replied to the compliment, trying to hide her escalating desperation.

Mark and Tina said goodbyes to one another and vowed to battle again soon, as Mark started to head back to town. Tina would have followed him but was afraid she’d walk in a funny manner and did not want to embarrass herself in front of someone she had a crush on. Tina’s bladder was begging for release and was beginning to hurt, badly. Tina moaned to herself and she started to hobble towards one of the orange VMMs, which had a function to teleport a user back to town, which would certainly help Tina shorten what would be a torturous journey for her bursting bladder.

Tina looked at the VMM but saw someone using it. He was a boy in an orange jacket and shorts, with blue hair who was looking very intently at the VMM screen, probably managing his team. Tina had no intentions of coming off as rude and demanding that she use the VMM. She began to cry, her bladder was bursting at the seams yet all she could do was hobble around and pee-dance in what looked like a futile struggle to not wet herself.

This was, until Sucho’s medal began to glimmer. Tina, keeping one hand on her crotch to help hold herself, threw down Sucho’s medal with the other hand. Sucho knew something was wrong. Sucho had a special bond with Tina, and let out a soft grumble before picking up Tina by her tracksuit. Tina almost leaked from the change in altitude and as she dangled, she crossed her legs as tightly as possible, while trying to keep holding her crotch.

“Sucho! What are you doing!? Put me down! Please!”

Sucho was being uncharacteristically disobedient, beginning to wade through the shallow water that Tina had found the fossils in. Sucho continued to walk in spite of Tina’s protests, and wandered into the giant skull in the center of the shallow lake. Bonehead Hollow. Sucho put down Tina once they were inside the skull, but Tina was crying now while continuing her desperate pee-dance in vain.

“Sucho! Why did you bring me here!? I’m about to piss myself!” Tina yelled in tears.

Sucho let out a small crocodile-like grumble, before looking at her master’s plight. Sucho reached out and with her fangs, gently tugged on Tina’s pants downwards. Not enough to pull them down completely, but Tina noticed.

“Sucho! Wait, are you trying to-” Tina was cut off by a spasm in her bladder triggered by Sucho tugging on her pants again. Sucho then let go and let out another grumble while looking at a bush that Tina was next to.

Tina was on the verge of a full-wetting but she felt as if she understood exactly what Sucho was trying to communicate to her. Tina pulled down her pants and panties, before squatting and unleashing a torrent of her own. Her bladder was finally released of its burden as she sprayed the bush with a torrential downpour of pee. Her bladder practically exploded with feelings of relief, as her stream remained strong for at least thirty seconds before dying back down to a trickle. She took out a tissue from her bag and wiped herself before pulling her pants back up. She ran over to Sucho and hugged her Vivosaur’s snout.

“Sucho, I’m sorry for yelling at you. You’re a genius!” Tina was proud of both Sucho’s win against Mark’s Raja, but also proud of Sucho’s pragmatism when it came to helping Tina find relief and avoid an accident.

After hugging Sucho, Tina allowed Sucho to return to her dino medal and began to trek back to Ribular Town. She really wanted to see Mark again, and she was very sure that her sneaky pee in Bonehead Hollow would remain a secret between herself and her loyal Sucho.


