Into the Ba(th)ckrooms-A Scary Story for October

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2022-10-01 04:15

If you aren’t familiar with the concept of the backrooms, I would strongly suggest searching it before reading this or you’ll be a bit lost…

Story does contain horror elements

—————————————-

Mrs. Farrell shifted through her papers as class came to an end. She handed old graded homework and quizzes to to the students before they made their way out the door.

The Professor couldn’t wait for the day to end. It was barely a month and a half into the semester and she was miserable. Teaching at her local community college was more difficult than usual since the pandemic had died down and students had come back to school seemingly in mass.

Mrs. Farrell had felt her need to pee for the whole last hour of class. Her last pee was over three hours ago, and not getting a break while taking down a whole cup of coffee made for an irritating combination. She was wearing a beige sweater, black jeans and brown ankle boots with high heels on them. Her male students certainly appreciated the tight jeans.

She was turning 40 in just a few months but her looks hadn’t yet faded. It had only been a few years since her last inappropriate encounter…

Finally the last student barreled out the door and off to their cars. The Professor sighed a sigh of relief that she could finally make her way to the restroom and empty the growing pain in her lower area.

Slipping on her jacket and grabbing her bag, Mrs. Farrell made her way to the closest restroom down the hall. The clacking of her heeled boots loudly echoed throughout the empty hallway. The lights had already automatically shut off for the evening, leaving the only light as the natural light pouring in from outside. It was cloudy and already turning dark outside. The brown and red leaves plummeted to the ground in the cold October air.

Finally the sign for the woman’s room appeared.

“Thank god.” The woman muttered out loud. She pushed back her shoulder length curly black hair before going to turn the knob.

“Shit!” Relief turned into disappointment. She tried in vain turning the knob a few times to no avail. Janitor must’ve locked it for the night.

Mrs. Farrell’s only hope was to either try upstairs or hold until she got home. She couldn’t even remember the last time she saw anyone go to the upstairs bathroom.

“May as well.” The Professor muttered to herself. She made her way up the stairs, every step more painful than the last. The woman was gritting her teeth the whole way up. She was glad the building was nearly empty, it would’ve been quite a sight to see the usual well composed professor in such a stressed state.

Finally she saw the upstairs bathroom come into view. Mrs. Farrell began walking down the hallway towards it when suddenly she felt the ground beneath her feet disappear. It was as if the floor below her literally dissolved beneath her feet.

The woman felt herself fall about ten feet onto a carpet floor. She didn’t even have time to scream before hitting the ground. The carpet smelled moist and old, and was like a sea of yellow all around her. She looked up to see she was surrounded by monotone yellow walls and fluorescent lights that made a constant buzzing noise.

Mrs. Farrell stood up before reaching down to make sure she hadn’t pissed herself. She was thankful she felt dryness when she felt her jeans, but her panties had suffered some damage and her bladder still felt extremely full. All around her was this weird yellow room, not the second floor that she expected to be beneath her when she fell through the floor.

“Hello?” Farrell cried out. The only reply was the constant hum of the lights. “Is anyone here?”

She walked forward and turned a corner only to see more of the same yellow office rooms. “The fuck..?”

Another urge came from the woman’s bladder and she started making her way forward, or at least what seemed to be forward.

Another room, more yellow.

Another room, even more yellow.

The yellow walls, the moist stench and the buzzing lights continued and continued.

“Hello? Is there anyone here? Please is there anyone in here?!” Mrs. Farrell was starting to get nervous, as if someone was watching her. Between the completely empty environment and her full bladder she was about ready to get out of there, wherever ‘there’ was.

Mrs, Farrell started awkwardly waddle-speed walking as fast as she could in her heeled boots, one hand holding herself. She refused to pee her pants, even in this strange place. She was a grown woman and a college professor, she was above setting herself like a child.

She walked for over a minute before she realized it was futile. No matter how far she went it was more of the same.

“I’ve been in this room already, haven’t I?”

Every room looked the same. More and more endless space.

“Just let me get to a bathroom, PLEASE.” Mrs. F called out to no one in particular. She crossed her legs and bent forwards. A strong urge to go hit her again and it took all her might to stop another spurt.

Finally, she came to a room with what looked like household appliances. An oven, a sink, a dishwasher, and lo and behold; a toilet! All of them painted the same yellow as the endless walls and it would be easy to miss them.

Mrs. F waddled over to the toilet and tried to undo the lid. She pulled with both hands but it was to no luck, the lid was seemingly sealed shut.

“Ofcourse!” The Professor yelled out, becoming increasingly stressed.

After walking for several more minutes the woman finally stumbled upon a room that looked different. The office rooms seemed to end and there was a large grey bridge leading over a seemingly bottomless black pit. At the far end of the bridge was what looked like a grey office building with hundreds of windows. Strangely the building had no discernible ending, the display of windows stretching out forever in every direction.

Mrs. Farrell couldn’t help but feel like she could occasionally see shadows moving in the windows across. She had no choice but to continue onwards, making her way across the bridge, feet waddling awkwardly and crotch still gripped tight. Her loud footsteps echoed off down into the pit.

Inside the building was more of the same. Endless yellow rooms with the same buzzing lights and smelling carpets.

“Does this place ever end!” The professor cried out desperately. “Please, if there is anyone out there please just let me go home!”

Mrs. Farrell felt like giving up. The pain was near unbearable. In all her years of teaching the urge to go never got to this point. She had a strong desire at this point to just pee in her jeans and get it over with. A small part of her still held on to hope, wanting to maintain her dignity at any cost.

Finally she came to a room with a small wooden table at the center. On top of it was a computer screen. There was no wires connected to it nor was there even a processor but the screen seemed to work anyways. Mrs. F wasn’t interested in asking questions at this point.

The screen started flashing images of waterfalls, leaky faucets and running water.

“What is this torture?” She closed her eyes and grabbed herself with both hands. Would it even matter if she peed herself here? Would anyone even see it?

Mrs. Farrell pressed on. No matter how badly she needed to urinate she would hold on to her dignity. She walked into the next room to see a ladder leading up into what appeared to be an air duct.

May as well.” If it meant getting relief she would gladly go into the duct. She climbed up the ladder and crawled through the metal space on all fours. She had to stop every couple minutes to grab herself and stop another leak. Her panties were completely ruined at this point and she was certain her next leak would reach her jeans.

At the end of the duct was another ladder down into a new room. This room was still yellow but it was noticeably larger and darker. She climbed down the ladder and stepped onto the floor, which was solid wood now as opposed to carpet.

At the far end of the hall was a tall, brooding figure. She couldn’t make much out due to the distance and darkness other than it was over seven feet tall and very thin.

“Hello?” She called out.

The figure seemed to awake from a sort of standing slumber. It cried out in a loud groan. It started twitching violently and then turned and started sprinting towards her.

“Oh my god, oh my god!” Mrs. Farrell turned back towards the ladder. Her bladder lost control and started spurting out into her jeans. She ran over to it and started climbing as fast as she could. The rapid footsteps got louder and louder as it drew closer.

Her palms sweated as she grabbed every rung, trying to go as fast as she could for dear life.

Louder, louder, louder, the footsteps approached.

“Please God, please!” She cried out as she reached the top and began hoisting herself into the vent.

She thought she was safe as she finally entered the duct but her leg was simply too near to the edge. Her heart stopped as she felt something seize her left ankle. It gripped on tight and tugged hard on her leg, pulled her back towards the edge. Piss rapidly shot out of her as fear took control.

“No, no, God please no!” Mrs. F screamed and reached out with both hands, grabbing at anything. She clawed at the duct and her fingernails scratched into it but the force that had her by the ankle was simply too strong. Her pants completely turned warm and wet as she was sure it was her final moments.

The woman screamed as she was pulled out of the duct and felt backwards towards her inevitable demise before feeling herself land on a tile floor.

She writhed on the floor for a moment, kicking and screaming and crying until she realized she was back in the hallway of the school. Her jeans were completely soaked and a puddle was forming on the floor of her urine.

The Professor stood up and could feel there was even pee in her boots. Her heart was still pounding. It had felt so real, the yellow rooms, the computer, the tall figure. Surely she hadn’t dreamed all of it.

“Was it real?” Mrs. Farrell wasn’t quite so sure.

*003*2022-10-02 17:54

{{17 hours ago, hypergirl44 said:

Oh wow i really like your story! Great job describing the backrooms, i am a backrooms geek and i read about it a lot and what you described was identical to what i know, mixing it with the desperation and fear wetting at the end was quite the treat!

Although at the end when she came back to the mainstream reality i thought she might have ended up at a different time for example where all the students and everyone was walking the hall and notice her in the middle of the hall with soaked pants and a puddle beneath her that would be quite the embarrassment

}}

Glad you enjoyed!

