A Land without a Ladies Room

Author: bibibibi

*000*2018-12-10 05:30

Not my story; I saw it here: https://desperatejill.livejournal.com/17631.html

I was out with my friends at the big carnival and was having a great time with all of the food and drink that you could possibly want. Unfortunately I took a little bit too much of the drink.

"Wow I really have to pee!" I said as I crossed my legs and began jumping up and down. "Where's the ladies room?"

"The ladies room?" Mike asked as he looked at me like I was crazy. "You mean like a brothel?"

"No I mean the women's bathroom!" I said as I continued dancing in place.

"A bathroom for women? What a crazy idea!"

"This isn't funny Mike, I really really have to pee! Please tell me where the female toilets are."

He began laughing. "Wow I have no idea what you are talking about, you sound like a real radical. Toilets for women." Mike started walking away laughing.

I started to run around looking for the bathrooms but I didn't see any.

"Excuse me but do you know where the ladies room is as I have to go to the bathroom very very badly," I said as I tapped a woman on the shoulder who gave me a baffled look. "Why are you looking at me like that?"

"A ladies room?" she said as she scratched her head. "What exactly is that?"

"A place to go to the bathroom. You know the women's restroom, the toilet."

Suddenly her eyes lit up. "Oh you mean a men's room!"

"No, a ladies room! A place where women can go to relieve themselves. Do you speak English?"

"I speak English perfectly fine, you are just not making any sense. Let me ask my friend. Gloria, this woman is asking about a ladies room?"

Gloria laughed. "What the hell is that?"

The other woman shook her head. "She said it's a bathroom for women."

Gloria just shook her head. "You mean a men's room?"

"No I mean a ladies room!" I shouted as I crossed my legs even tighter and bobbed up and down. "Hasn't anyone here heard of a ladies room? You know a place where women can go to pee?"

"You mean like a home bathroom?" Gloria asked.

"No I mean like a public restroom for women."

Gloria looked at me like I had broken the 10 Commandments. "Women using the restroom in a public situation, how horrible!"

"Well what would you do if you had to pee when you are away from home?"

Gloria laughed. "Well I would hold it of course."

That was when I noticed the Gloria was noticeably shaking her leg. I also noticed that the other woman with her seemed to be crossing her legs subtly. In fact I started looking around at all of the women who looked decidedly uncomfortable and some were holding themselves.

"What the hell is going on here?" I said as I wandered away from these women. Somebody had to know where there was a ladies room around here.

I went up to another woman who looked noticeably uncomfortable and tapped her on the shoulder. "Excuse me but you know where the restrooms are?"

She scratched her head for a moment and then nodded. "But why do you ask? Does your boyfriend or your brother or your husband need to go to the bathroom?"

I pointed to myself as I continued jogging in place. "No I need to go to the bathroom and quite badly. My bladder is about to explode here and I desperately need a restroom."

"A restroom for women, wow wouldn't that be a radical idea?" She started looking up at the sky. "But that's crazy, women going to the bathroom in public, that's just blatantly obscene."

"What would you do if you have to go to the bathroom really really really bad?"

"I go to the bathroom at home."

"But what if you are not home and you are very far away from home for hours and hours at a time?"

"Well I hold it of course."

"But what if you are going out of your mind because you feel that your bladder is about to explode?"

"Then I hold on really tightly, like I am right now." That was when I noticed that she had her legs tightly crossed much like I did.

"But what if I don't want to wait until I get home?"

The woman simply laughed. "Well I'm sure most of us don't want to wait until we get home but there isn't much other option is there?"

"Yes there is, to use the ladies room!"

"A bathroom for women in public, wow, again a lovely idea but it will never happen in a million years. If I were you I would just not drink so much and get home quickly."

"But it's about an hour walk to my home!"

"Wow you had better get walking then!"

Growing frustrated with this woman I just waved my hands at her and started walking around the fairgrounds looking for a bathroom. Finally I saw a sign that said restrooms and followed it only to find a large number of urinals and nothing else. The sight of all those men relieving themselves at the urinals made me pretty much ready to scream. If I was going to get any relief I would have to probably leave the carnival grounds. It was obvious everyone here was completely insane.

I ran down to the nearest McDonald's and ran in.

"Where are your bathrooms?" I asked the cashier who was shifting from leg to leg.

"Why do you have a boyfriend or a brother or something who needs to use the restroom?" she said as she pointed over there. "The men's room is over there, so you can tell them that that is where it is."

"Screw this," I said as I hobbled over to the men's room and walked inside.

"Hey you can't be in here," said a guy at the urinal.

"Watch me!" I said as I marched towards the stall and pounded on the door. "Open up, I really have to go!"

"What is a woman doing in the bathroom?!" I heard a male voice shout. "Someone get security!"

I stood there dancing in place and impatiently waiting for the stall to open but then a security guard came in tapping his baton against his hand.

"Excuse me miss but what are you doing in the restroom?" he said.

"I have to pee!"

"That is what your bathroom at home is for."

"My house is an hour away from here!"

"Well then you should have planned for that."

"Sorry I was planning on using the ladies room!"

"What the hell is a ladies room? Are you talking about a brothel? Are you a hooker?"

"Jesus freaking Christ!" I shouted as I was ready to tear my hair out.

Finally the stall door opened but before I could go inside I felt the security guard dragging me out of the bathroom. "We have an infraction here, some crazy woman was trying to use a restroom. Yes, outside of her own home. She claimed she had to pee. I know she's supposed to hold it, I thought everyone knew that. She was going on about some crazy nonsense about a ladies room. I think it might be a euphemism for brothel. I'm going to have to take her in on suspicion of prostitution."

I tried to fight the security guard and began screaming only to find myself back in my college dormitory. I looked around and saw that my room looked exactly as I remembered it. "Oh thank God it was only a dream, more like a nightmare," I said. "That makes sense." Then I suddenly felt an overwhelming pressure in my bladder. "But man that dream sure made me have to pee for real!"

I started walking down the hallway. Suddenly I couldn't remember where the ladies room was.

"Do you know where the ladies room is?" I asked a woman walking down the hall.

She looked baffled. "The ladies room?"

"No, it can't be, it was just a dream."

"Oh I remember now, it's right down the hallway if you take your first right," she said as she pointed down the hallway.

"Thank you!" I said as I bolted down the hallway turned around right and was confronted with the ladies room and had never been so happy to see it, nor more disappointed when I looked down and saw the big out of order sign on the door. I took a deep breath and I let out one loud ear piercing scream and then started walking down the hallway looking for the nearest men's room, and I could only hope that this time no one would think I was a hooker.

