My dirty minded hypnotist

Author: Babedut123

*000*2021-11-28 11:33

“So this is my story. My name is Jasmine I’m 19 years old and recently I’ve had minor problems wetting the bed, having had 5 or 6 accident the last month. So now my parents have forced me to see this dumb hypnotist they’ve found online to try making it all stop. God, they’re so embarrassing”

Me “Mom can we please hurry and get it over with already?”

Mom “sure hunny, we’re leaving in a few minutes to see your new hypnotist. Just go out and wait in the car”

I sighed and walked out to wait. I think I sat there for a few minutes and waited, but in reality it felt like an hour. As my mom got out to drive I asked “how far away is it?” She responded it was only a few miles out of town, a 10 minute drive at most.

On the way there I sat on my phone watching TikToks to pass time and before I knew, we had arrived.

The hypnotist lived in a small yellow house in a big harden surrounded by a hedge. As we walked towards her entrance I felt myself getting nervous. I walked behind my mother to let her do the talking.

She rang on the doorbell

*1 minute passes

She rang again

*2 minutes passes

Around the corner a petite blonde girl shows up

“sorry the door bell is broken. You must be Jasmine. I’ve heard a lot about you”

She smiles

“I’m sure we can get rid of your accidents”

She makes a gesture that I should follow her

I blush and look at my mom who says “go ahead your 19, you can do this on your own”

I followed the girl into her house noticing a nice armchair prepared for me.

“Just sit here” she says “do you want anything to drink before our session?”

I shake my head.

“that’s alright just get comfortable and I’ll see what I can do to your bedwettings”

I sat down and closed my eyes and took some deep breaths

Her “ okay open your eyes and follow my pen. Watch it going left. Right. Left. Right. Feel how your eyes are getting tired and heavy. Soon you’ll be under my control.

I follow the pen feeling the effects of her words as I struggle to stay awake and everything turns dark

In my subconscious

“listen to my words dear. Your mother told me you started wetting the bed again. 5 times in the last 4 weeks. We can’t have that honey. That’s not remotely enough. I think you can easily double that amount and not only can you, you are going to do so too and the first accident will be tonight.

Furthermore, you’d refuse wearing diapers for now, they’re for kids and you’re a big girl who just got “help” getting rid of bedwetting accidents. When you wake up you won’t remember anything I just said, in stead you’ll think I stoped your accidents.

Jasmine. Open your eyes and wake up”

*004*2021-12-01 22:12

“Thank you so much! ” I told the hypnotist

“No problem sweetie.” she responded. As she handed me a card with her number “if you’d ever need anymore help, I’ll do hypnosis over the phone too. You’re welcome to call me anytime.

“You’re the best see you” I said as I waved goodbye and left.

When I got out of her house I noticed my mother waiting

“how did it go sweetie?” She asked

“great, I’m not a bedwetter anymore”

“How can you be sure? I’ve bought some diapers for you just to be sa…”

”NO” I interrupted her “I’m a big girl diapers are for babies” I said and walked towards the car

*that night*

I wasn’t nervous at all for having an accident I was 100% sure the hypnosis worked, so for the first time I weeks,I was wearing my favorite pajamas. A pink set with small hearts and flowers on. Really girly. In my sleep I had an awesome dream.

I was having a water fight with my best friend Jenna. The water was ice cold with made us squeak, but suddenly when she hit my crouch the water felt odd….it was….warm

*i opened my eyes

Shit….

*005*2021-12-01 22:26

It’s 3:30 am I’ve just wet the bed again. The hypnosis haven’t worked, at least not yet. I’m in my bed contemplating how to hide it from my parents. Oh god why didn’t I just put that stupid diaper on, I thought to myself, as I got out of bed starting to change the sheets. Luckily for me I had protective sheets on my madres, so it was an easy change and at 4:15 i could return to bed again.

*hours passes

“Jasmine! I told you to wear that diaper didn’t I!”

I woke up confused to my mother yelling at me. I was puzzled until I realized what had happened, I’ve wet the bed again, twice in one night.

I began to cry “what’s wrong with me”

Me mom hugged me “nothing dear, don’t worry about the sheets I’ll clean them for you. You just have to wear diapers to sleep from now on okay?”

I noded and went for the shower.

In the shower I remembered I had the number for my hypnotists and concluded it wouldn’t harm to call her again soon.

*008*2022-01-04 14:34

After the shower I went back to my bad and picked up my phone to call my hypnotist and ask for help with my bed wettings.

Biiiip biiiip biiiip

“Hello this is Catarina what can I help you with?”

”oh it’s me Jasmine we spoke earlier yesterday about my….problem don’t know if you remember me but the hypnosis didn’t work.

”I’m so sorry to hear that, sometimes it’s takes a couple of sections. Are you on speaker?”

“yeah why?”

*my hypnotist snaps her finger and I pass out

