New Life

Author: bazinga

*000*2016-05-29 16:02

Hi everybody!

It's been forever since I posted a story. I'm not quite happy with how I've ended this, but yeah.

I've actually had this for over a year (can you believe??) and I just decided to re-edit and post it all now. Please let me know what you think - constructive criticism is always appreciated! xoxo

###

NEW LIFE

"Are you ready to go in, Jason?"

Sixteen-year-old Jason blinked and looked up at the smiling faces of his new foster parents, Mr. and Mrs. West. They were a couple who were in their mid-forties who found comfort social action and helping children, which is how they ended up interested in being new foster parents.

Jason was no more than six years old when he was placed in the foster care system and growing up, he had serious abandonment issues and separation anxiety, which was never a good combination. His biological mother and father were abusive, both physically and emotionally, and he found himself always needing company but not being able to trust people as easily, apart from his social worker, Michaela. This was why no family could keep him for long. Even at sixteen years old, it still hurt Jason more than anyone would ever know.

"Jason?" Mrs. West called his attention gently, and he jumped a bit, squeezing his thighs together. He needed the loo as soon as they were on the way here, but he didn't wanna ask. He shrugged nervously, shrinking in on himself and pressing himself to his social worker.

Michaela frowned in concern and wrapped her arm around him, bringing him aside after mouthing an apology to them over Jason's head.

"Come on, Jace," Michaela said quietly once they were alone. "Why are you so nervous all of a sudden? They aren't gonna hurt you, remember what we talked about yesterday?"

Jason nibbled on his bottom lip and shrugged again, rubbing his thighs together discreetly. His need wasn't that bad yet, but it was still quite uncomfortable. "I-I dunno, what if they're not as nice as they seem?"

"They are. We checked all their records, and they're all as clean as can be. If ever you can't handle this, you give me a call," Michaela said gently. "You call me, and I pick you up right away, just like how we practiced before, remember?"

Jason nodded slowly. "Yeah," he mumbled. "I remember."

"Good boy," She praised him gently, ruffling his hair. "You're being very brave right now, and I'm proud of you."

"Not brave." He mumbled bitterly. A sixteen-year-old who couldn't even ask where the bathroom was without having a panic attack was far from brave.

"You are brave, sweetie. More brave than you think," she smiled sadly. "And nothing will ever make me be disappointed in you."

Jason said nothing, but rubbed his eyes and nodded.

"Okay. You ready now?"

Jason closed his eyes and took a deep breath, nodding afterwards. "Yeah,"

"Come on."

•••

Michaela took Jason back to Mr. and Mrs. West, who were still waiting patiently by the porch of their huge house. They exchanged goodbyes before Michaela kissed Jason's forehead. "Be good, okay?" She smiled.

"Yeah," Jason nodded. Michaela smiled once again and gestured for the new parents to follow her, leaving Jason by the porch this time.

"Well, what do you think?" Michaela asked the couple.

"He's adorable," Mrs. West replied, smiling before becoming more solemn. "But you weren't kidding... He looks almost broken."

"His file is very complicated," she sighed. "Lots of stories about emotional and physical abuse from his biological parents. It's horrible."

"That's not gonna stop us," Mr. West insisted. "What do we need to know?"

"Jason is a really sweet kid," Michaela explained. "He grew up in a bad place though, as you know. He will not voice his needs or his wants. You need to ask him a lot of things and reassure him when he looks nervous."

"Okay." Mr. West nodded. "Anything else?"

"That's basically it," she said. "Just give me a call if there are any problems. I will not hesitate to help."

They exchanged goodbyes, handing each other calling cards and shaking each other's hands. Michaela ruffled Jason's hair and whispered "be good," before waving and driving off. Jason was a good kid. Sure, he had issues, but he was a really good kid - and she had a really good feeling about this family.

•••

As soon as Michaela's car left, Jason's need to use the toilet intensified due to his nerves and he clenched his muscles as discreetly as possible as he turned to face his foster parents.

Mrs. West crouched down a bit to gently fix Jason's hair. "You ready to come in for the grand tour, Jason?"

•••

The West family had a huge house.

Jason found himself in the middle of a living area where he put his bags. They decided to give him a really long tour, and they weren't exaggerating! It took them fifteen minutes to show him around the first floor - and there were three! The first floor had a pristine kitchen with sleek, black, tiles, a large, white carpeted foyer with a huge television with game consoles, a beautiful dining area and an indoor pool. "My five children are all working now, but my nieces and nephews are here nearly everyday," Mrs. West smiled in amusement when Jason's jaw dropped at the beautiful vista. "That's why we keep this place as clean as possible."

Jason was quiet as they showed him around the garden, his hand tugging nervously at the crotch of his jeans when he was sure no one was looking. His need to pee had grown worse real quick and that wasn't a good thing - but he would rather suffer in silence than tell them what was up. He occasionally stopped and pretended he was looking at the furniture just to concentrate on his bladder. His only hope was that the tour would be over soon - it couldn't be much longer, right?

Wrong.

Ten more minutes had passed, and they were only walking up to the second floor now! Jason felt a constant nudge and ache from his bladder, which was swelling against his jeans. He definitely needed to find a toilet - fast, but he couldn't tell them his need even though he wanted to. He was too shy. He squirmed as he walked, his hands nervously shoved in his pockets, one hand occasionally popping out to give himself a quick squeeze. He paid attention to the tour as much as he could, just wanting to find a bathroom. No such luck, though. Every door that might have been a bathroom was shut, out of Jason's sight.

Luckily, the tour for the second floor didn't take as long as the first floor, but Jason still found himself tensing his thighs due to the steadily growing ache in his abdomen. He had to go! Biting his lip nervously, Jason gripped the front of his pants as hard as he could to ward off the incoming pressure, but it wasn't working as much as he thought it would. He closed his eyes and breathed out shakily, letting go and following his new foster parents to another room with a blue bed, a desk and a bedside table. He whined quietly and rubbed his eyes, catching the attention of Mr. West.

"Is everything alright, kid?" He asked. "This is your room for now. You can put your things up here as soon as we're done with the tour."

Jason chewed the inside of his cheek nervously, just wanting to find the toilets. His need had gone from "I need to pee," to "oh god I'm gonna pee myself right now," and he rubbed his thighs together nervously. He was literally seconds away from soaking himself.

"Um," Jason squeaked. "Can I-I put my bags up here n-now please?" He asked shyly.

"Yeah, but they're all the way downstairs," Mr. West frowned.

"Yeah! It's okay!" He said, jumping up and down. "Can I just, um, get them?"

"Okay, kiddo." Mrs. West shrugged. "We'll be here. Remember the way?"

Jason made a tiny noise of distress as he leaked through his underwear. "Yes!" He lied, rushing off with his legs squeezed together. "Thank you!"

•••

Where the hell was he going?

Jason's left hand was permanently holding his leaking crotch as he tried to find a toilet, opening doors with his other hand and not having much luck. First of all, he couldn't find the staircase going down, so how was he going to get to the front door where his bags were? He whimpered and danced in place, abdomen throbbing as he made his way through twists and turns. "Come on, come on," he mumbled to himself, sniffling loudly and getting even closer to crying when he realized he was leaking even more frequently.

His hand was soaked and there are were trails running down his thighs so he stiffened up and ran down yet another hall. He was just about to turn to open a closed door when he tripped over the edge of a table and a vase shattered to the floor. He gasped out loud, tensing up and closing his eyes, crouching and hiding behind a small dresser. This was not good, breaking things meant punishments and punishments meant getting hit!

"Jason?"

No!

He started to panic. He scrambled up against the wall and pulled his knees to his chest, breathing heavily and clenching his eyes shut. He vaguely felt his pants getting hot and wet and there was fear beginning to spread all over him again.

"Jason, are you okay?"

He couldn't breathe and he closed his eyes when he heard footsteps approaching. If he couldn't see them, they couldn't see him.

"Kid, what happened?"

Jason's legs were shaking and he felt so uncomfortable. There was a puddle around him and tears were slowly leaking out of his eyes.

"Jason, listen to me. Listen to me. It's okay."

Don't look.

"Jason? It's Mr. West. Can you open your eyes, please?"

Mr. West?

"Jason?"

Jason shook as he slowly opened his eyes, taking a look up at the concerned couple looking down at him.

"Hi, kiddo." Mr. West smiled sadly, crouching down to see him eye-to-eye. "Come stand up. We can get you cleaned up in the shower."

"I w-weed myself," is all Jason replied, standing up and wrapping his arms around himself. It wasn't what he wanted to say but he couldn't think straight at all.

"We know, and it's okay," Mrs. West piped up, smiling at him gently. "I'll go grab your things."

Jason nodded and followed Mr. West down the hallway, already lost again. He was sniffling, his breaths hitching in an annoying manner, but he couldn't stop. "S-sorry," he whimpered as they found the bathroom, wiping his nose.

"No, I'm sorry," Mr. West replied, ushering Jason inside. "I should've showed you the bathroom first. Go get yourself cleaned up, alright?"

Jason nodded, biting his thumb and looking down at the ground. "D-don't know where t-to go..." He tried to explain, hiccuping greatly.

"I'll wait right outside," the man reassured him. "Don't you worry."

•••

Mrs. West had cleaned up the shattered glass and the mess Jason had made before bringing the young boy's bags upstairs to his room. He found a change of clothes and underwear (and an adorable tattered teddy bear) and brought them to where her husband was waiting.

"Is he okay?" She asked softly when she heard the shower turn on.

"I have no idea," he replied, shaking his head. "The social worker, Michaela, really wasn't kidding when she told us about how anxious he was..."

"I know," she sighed. "Poor kid. We should've showed him the loo first."

"Yeah, we should have. But there's nothing we can do about it now... Maybe we should just let him rest?" He suggested.

"Good idea," she smiled. "We might've overwhelmed the kid. I'll go fix up his room. Stay and wait for him, okay?"

•••

The kid came out of the bathroom ten minutes later with red rimmed and heavy eyes. He was tired and completely overwhelmed about his near panic attack.

Mr. West was smiling at him gently. "Maybe you should go rest first. We can continue our tour when you're feeling better."

Jason nodded and fiddled with his thumbs. "S-sorry a-again, about t-the vase and for..." He stuttered, blushing a bright red. He hated how nervous he was! He had completely humiliated himself!

"It's really fine," he repeated. "I know you didn't mean any harm. Don't think about it too much, kid."

They continued to walk down the hall, Jason getting drowsier every step of the way. His long and tiring day full of signing papers and traveling clearly wore him down. He almost cries when he sees the comfortable sheets and crawls under them, closing his eyes almost immediately.

"You did nothing wrong, okay, kiddo?" Mrs. West whispers gently as she watches her new kid curl up. "We'll be in the room right across."

Jason nods, thanks them meekly and curls up under the covers. He's okay with them staying outside. He's okay with them not hitting him for having accidents or for crying. He's okay with them not being his real parents because his real parents were horrible. "I'm really sorry," he says slowly, clutching his bear tightly.

"Kid," Mr. West starts again, looking at him gently. "You're going to be living with us now, okay? That means you adjust to what we believe is right. I know it's going to be hard, kid, but you're going to have to learn that accidents like this are not going to make us mad at you. Ever."

Jason blinked up at him and frowned. Was he being serious? This was the first time somebody was nice to him about his accidents.

"I promise you that you should never be afraid of coming to us when you need help. Also, let us know what you need. We're here to listen to you," he added. "Everything's going to be different now. We aren't here to get angry at you for things you cannot control."

"Okay," Jason whispered, feeling oddly lighter now. He was still definitely wary of them but the reassurance was nice. Really nice.

"Great," the man smiled, the corners of his eyes crinkling up. He stood and took his wife's hand, leaving the room quietly.

As Jason fell asleep, he thought about how tiring the day was, but at the same time, how strangely fulfilling it felt to know that this life was going to be new. The words 'everything's going to be different now,' echoed as he closed his eyes. It was a short phrase, but it still filled him with hope. Different was good. Different had the potential to be great, and so did his new life.

*004*2016-05-31 13:18

{{On 29 May 2016 at 1:23 AM, ChloTheCrazyMofo said:

This was soooo cute. :) I envy your writing skills so much!

(I need to get back into writing myself, but I just can't bring myself to...)

}}

Thank you so so much! This is such a sweet message <3 And I'm pretty sure you'll be able to start writing again once you find the proper inspiration! xo

{{On 30 May 2016 at 10:16 AM, RebelRebel said:

Aww this is so great! Is there going to be more to it?

}}

Thanks! :) I'm actually not so sure. I know that this plot has potential to go farther, but I'm working on a couple more completely different stories first for now x

{{11 hours ago, lilmissmommy said:

Sweet and very well written. I've read some of your other things (mostly RPs) and I think you have a gift for writing. I hope you do more! :)

}}

Aww, I'm so happy you enjoy reading my RPs with other people! :) So nice of you to say that! And yes, I will x

*006*2016-06-11 06:25

{{On 1 June 2016 at 8:53 AM, Sapphire3619 said:

Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!!! You write my very favorite kind of stories to read, so I'm ecstatic that your posted a new story! I'd love to read more about Jason, and I definitely think you set yourself up for more stories, but I'll read and love anything you want to write :)

}}

Thank you so much! :) Yeah, I'm thinking about adding to the story maybe in the near future, but I wanna write a couple one shots first. Thanks!

