Accident in the train

Author: Bladder_Queen

*000*2018-09-14 02:40

For my first day of college, I thought everything was going pretty well. I got to all my classes on time, I didn’t get lost in between classes, I wrote down all my assignments, I even accomplished drinking 5 bottles of water and staying hydrated. I go to school in the city, so I took the train there, and knew I’d have to take the train home. I regret however, not realizing how bad of a place the train is to be with a completely full bladder.

When I got onto the train, I already had to go. I didn’t visibly wiggle or shake because of how full my bladder was, but I knew I had to go as soon as possible. I sat down immediately at the first seat by the door. I tightened my thighs together and took a deep breath. There were only a few people already on the train, luckily none of them around me. While I only did long period holds for my boyfriend because I know how much he liked to watch me explode, this was completely unintentional and I had no idea what I had gotten myself into. I’d rather be squirming in front of him instead of stuck inside a train. Once the train starts moving, my luck runs out.

In Chicago, the L is one of the oldest modes of public transportation, and although they have renovated it time and time again, it was the shakiest ride I’ve ever been on. Every turn, shake, or jostle my bladder responded right away. I was holding in an amount that was way past my limits.

I picked up my backpack and put it on my lap, covering my waist so I could cup my hand over my bladder and have no one see. I leaned my head to the side and closed my eyes, trying to distract myself from the problem at hand. My stop was already a long ways to go, and I knew if I didn’t concentrate, I was going to have an even worse problem.

More and more people got on the train and soon enough, bodies were slamming against me, people were falling over the handlebars. At some point, a woman wasn’t paying attention, so when the train stopped, she launched forward and dropped her water bottle, spilling it all over the train’s floor. I winced in horror of the new water feature she had added to my ride home. The water flowed across the aisle, eventually reaching my feet. I squeezed my eyes shut, not looking down at the little puddle left underneath me.

I began bouncing both of my legs and clutching onto my bag, praying no one would notice how much I had to go. I could just imagine getting off the train and bolting to the station’s restroom but I was still half an hour away from my stop, I had no clue how I was going to make it.

Soon enough, the inevitable happened, and I began to leak. It was just a small drip, but I could feel my panties just about moisten enough it gets to be uncomfortable. I tried to squeeze back anything else that would try to shake out, but the force was way too strong to hold back. I tucked my leg behind the other and prayed that that it stayed together.

The train lurched forward and I slammed against the wall again, this time I felt a spurt leak out. Releasing the tension felt amazing, but I couldn’t keep holding it like this. I loosened my legs up, took a deep breath, and released a very small portion of the flow. I immediately felt a relief, but it followed by the realization of the small puddle I created under my seat. My pants were not as noticeable since I’m wearing dark black leggings, so I wouldn't be as embarrassed when I stood up, but I knew for a fact that nothing was going to help the seat recover from my small splash.

As the train continued, the tension built up again and I was in agony once more. Luckily my stop was coming up and I could finally go to a proper restroom. As the train continued, it seemed as though more people were getting on than getting off. By the time my stop came, I had to push through so many people, my bladder was absolutely throbbing when I made it through the doors.

I looked around at how far away the exit was and panicked. There was no way that I could walk all the way to the exit in time, I could already feel my bladder leaking. I saw the terminal that separated the two train tracks by a wall and scurried over there, hand clutching everything I could. Once I got there, I pulled down my pants and squatted down against the wall. Within a moment, a flood gushed out of me. There was no way I could have held back the puddle forming at my feet any more. I glanced around and there was no one around so I let out a loud sigh of relief. Once I had finished, I slid down into the mess I made and relaxed for a moment. I was never taking a water bottle back to school ever again.

