Desperation Dungeon - A Multi-Part Story of Extreme Desperation

Author: Bulge_Lover

*000*2016-12-02 02:08

Megan smiled into her webcam, her left arm held over her naked breasts and her right hand covering her vagina. Countless messages flooded the chatbox on her page.

“put the arm down bby”

“show us you're pussy”

“i dont have tokens pls show boobs”

She fought hard not to sigh. It wouldn't be polite to the one or two people watching her cam who might eventually decide to pay her for her services. She glanced down to the timer on the bottom of the cam window; she had been streaming nonstop for nearly five hours. Not only was there nobody willing to pay up, but she really had to pee. She decided to treat her viewers before she turned off the webcam, and she dropped her left arm and leaned towards her laptop.

“Sorry guys,” she said softly, reaching up to twirl her long red hair. “I've been streaming for five hours, and I think I'm going to call it a night.”

A new message immediately popped up in the chatbox. “awww, why?”

She flicked her eyes down at it, then back to the camera. “Well I'm really tired, plus if I'm being completely honest, I kind of need to pee pretty badly. Goodnight, everyone.”

She reached for the mouse, stopping a centimeter away from the [X] on the top right of the window when she heard an unexpected chime.

User Desp-Dungeon has asked you for a private show with a donation of 1000 Tokens.

Megan's eyes went wide. Bloody hell, this guy just gave me a thousand dollars. After staring at the screen stunned for a moment, she shook herself back to reality. This was ten times more than she'd ever gotten from a single donation. It was a whole month's rent, and all she had to do was show a guy her privates for an hour, maybe masturbate a bit. I love camming. She immediately clicked [ACCEPT] and waited as the webpage loaded.

She noticed that her right hand was absentmindedly pressing hard into her crotch, and she removed it right before the page finished loading. Her bladder felt very full, but she didn't give a damn in the face of $1000. I'll be fine for an hour. If it gets too bad I'll ask him if I can go wee...might be the type to ask if he can watch, but that's fine. If he won't let me go to the toilet, I'll lean my tits into the cam so he can't see my bottom and secretly wee on the floor. I've almost been forced to do that before, never thought I'd be thankful for laminate flooring.

She refocused on the webcam, grinning widely. “Hello!” she said cheerfully, waving enthusiastically into the camera.

Her eyes moved to the chatbox as a message popped up. “I will donate another $1000 if you dial this phone number.” The number immediately followed.

Megan blinked. This was new. “If you'd like to speak personally, you can request a two-way cam,” she said into the camera. “I'm fine with it, I don't care if you've got your cock out.”

“No. Dial the number for another $1000, or end the session. If you don't want me to see your number, you can dial *67 before the number to call as Unknown.”

Megan furrowed her brow. “One moment,” she mumbled. She quickly tabbed into Google, checking if the *67 trick was true. It was. She switched back to the cam page. “Alright, I'm going to call. If this is something fishy, I'm going to end the session immediately, sod your money.”

“Of course,” said the chatbox.

She flipped around on her bed, exposing her rear to the camera as she reached to her nightstand for her mobile. Turning back around, she looked at the number and slowly dialed it before pressing send. Her bladder was throbbing now, but curiosity had the better of her. The phone didn't finish ringing even once before a woman's voice answered with a “Hello, Megan.” As she said it, the 1000 Token donation blipped on Megan's screen.

Megan snorted a short laugh. “Wow, I wasn't expecting a girl,” she said, losing her politeness for a moment.

“Is that a problem?” the voice responded.

“Oh, I apologize, not at all. I mean, I am straight, but I have no problem showing myself to anyone who pays. I'll do anything you like. Listen, I'm so sorry to ask this, but it's easier to ask another girl...I'm absolutely desperate for a wee right now, would you let me go to the toilet first? I won't take the time out of the session.”

“I heard you say you needed to pee in the public cam. That's why I opened the session.”

Megan grinned. “You'd like to watch, is that it? That's no problem. I'm sure it will be a good show for you if you're into that, I really need to go.”

“No,” said the woman. “I want you to hold it in. As long as you possibly can, until it forces its way out of your body against your will.”

Megan stared into the camera, her mind racing. “I've heard of this fetish, but I've never had it in my cam before. But...I don't know, it already hurts. Even if I tried, I wouldn't last very long at all. I wouldn't be giving you your money's worth.”

“You would be surprised at your capacity if you truly bring it to your limit. I will donate $100 for every minute you hold it in. But first, you must drink four cups of water. And bring your laptop with you, no sneaking to the bathroom off-camera.”

Megan's mouth fell open. Even if I only make it half an hour, that's three thousand dollars. My God...

“You're on,” Megan said. “I'll hold on as hard as I can.” She unplugged her laptop and got to her feet, groaning as the weight of her bursting bladder increased.

“You really do sound desperate,” the voice said. “I also notice your English accent, but your cam tag says you're in America. How long have you lived in the States?”

“Only six months,” Megan responded, struggling to walk straight with the pressure in her belly and the laptop in her arms. “Moved here for university. That's why I'm camming, to make money for it. Most young cam girls are doing it for the same reason.”

“Indeed,” the woman said as Megan entered the kitchen of her apartment. “Set the laptop down somewhere facing the sink, and get drinking.”

Megan set down the laptop on the counter and put her mobile on speaker. “Have you got a name?” Megan asked.

“You can call me Kay,” the woman said. “Drink.”

“Yes, yes, I'm on it,” Megan mumbled. She flipped open the cabinet above the sink and pulled out a large mug, then turned the tap on. The sound of the water overwhelmed her, and she bent over, forcing both hands between her legs and moaning loudly. “Oh, bloody hell,” she groaned.

“Don't wet yourself now,” Kay said. “You're already at three hundred dollars.”

“I thought the time began after I drank,” Megan panted. “Not that I'm complaining.”

“I decided to be nice,” Kay responded.

“Well, thank you, Kay. Oh wow, it's really hard to hold it with the water on.” She pulled her right hand out and grabbed the mug, filling it quickly. “I guess I'll get this over with fast.” She chugged the mug of water and filled it again, downing the second just as fast. She focused on holding herself as she drank the next two mugs over another three minutes before shutting off the tap. The laptop dinged, and she saw the $600 donation. “You must be incredibly wealthy,” Megan said. “You've got no idea how much you're helping me.”

“I am, and I do,” Kay said. “This is not the first time I've done this. Now that you're done drinking, would you like to return to your bed, or stay in the kitchen? You can go anywhere you like, as long as I can see you.”

Megan thought for a moment. “I think I'll stay here. I'm afraid I'll wet the bed if I sit back down on it.”

“Makes sense,” Kay said. “Plus, most women seem to find it easier to hold their pee while they're standing. Just make sure I can see your whole body and the floor you're on, I don't want you sinking below the camera and letting any out.”

“Anything you say,” Megan laughed. “So like, do you want me to keep talking, or would you rather I stay quiet while you...”

“Oh, I'm not masturbating,” Kay said quickly. “This is...research, of a sort.”

Megan laughed again. “I've no idea what 'sort' that may be, but whatever you say.”

“You know that I am very wealthy,” Kay began. “It is very old family wealth, and I have never experienced the struggle of paying for college. If you do not mind me asking, what kind of money are they looking for?”

Megan hesitated at answering such a personal question. Then she realized that she was standing in front of a webcam, stark-naked, fighting a bladder that was about to empty itself on her kitchen floor. Couldn't get much more personal than that. “It's about thirty five thousand,” Megan said. “Camming helps, but I don't know what I'm going to do over time...”

“Indeed,” Kay said again. “How do you feel? Please be very detailed.”

Megan was bent forwards, both hands held against herself as waves of pressure thrashed her privates. She knew that the water she just drank could not have reached her bladder yet, but it had gotten so much worse. “I feel like there's a watermelon in me,” she moaned. “The pressure is so intense. I feel it all over my belly and in my pussy, down my legs and even in my chest. I've never had to wee this badly in my life.”

“Good,” Kay whispered mercilessly. “Listen, I want you to stand up straight. Then, turn sideways to the camera and lean back slightly.”

“Nooo, I'll wet myself,” Megan nearly shouted.

“If that happens, so be it. You know that it's inevitable anyway. If you want more money, you won't let that happen though. Now do it.”

Megan knew that arguing was pointless. As long as she kept paying, Megan was completely at Kay's mercy. She struggled to stand up, crying out as the massive pressure increased even further. Her legs locked up as she stood, and she held her arms out to her sides with her fists clenched.

“Now turn sideways and lean back,” Kay's voice came through the phone.

“Myeeehh,” Megan whimpered. She slowly shifted sideways and released a sustained moan as she forced herself to lean back.

“Wow,” Kay said softly. “You have a beautiful bladder.”

Megan had never received a stranger compliment, and she had gotten A LOT of strange compliments in her time on camera. She looked down, surprised at the protruding shape on her belly. She reached and placed her left hand on it, wincing at the insane sensitivity of the spot. It was hard as a rock, and so visible. “I never knew this could happen,” Megan exclaimed. “It's so sensitive, I've never felt anything like this. When I touch it, I feel like a shockwave around my whole body. I can't believe I'm saying this, but it...it actually feels kind of good. I mean, it hurts like hell, but the sensations are astonishing. I actually feel a little turned on.”

“That's amazing news,” Kay said. “By the way, you're at fifteen hundred dollars already. You're doing good. My last subject wet herself after eight minutes, after drinking the four mugs. She was...disappointing. The one before that never got desperate enough to wet herself. She had to pee at first, I'm sure, but when she realized I was paying her to hold it, she said that squatting down would help. 

She dipped below the camera, and when she stood back up, she started putting on a show about it. Dancing around and crossing her legs and the like. The thing is, when you know bladders like I do, you know that's not what it's really like to be at the bursting point. Look at you...you're locked up so tight, all your muscles contracting visibly. I can tell that you're truly desperate. I knew that she had peed on the floor when she squatted and was just trying to get more cash out of me. Unfortunately, she did get a lot of money before I ended the session. Oh well, if I didn't get through the ones like her, I would never find the good subjects like you.”

Megan wasn't sure how she felt about being called a 'subject.' However, between the money flowing into her bank account and the water flowing into her bladder, she couldn't find the ability to care too much. “I have a question,” Megan panted. “There are so many thousands of cam girls out there, how do you find the ones who need to pee?”

“Good question,” Kay said. “The trick is to use websites that list how long a cam has been on for. If a woman has been running nonstop for five or six hours, it's a good bet that her bladder would be pretty full. I open a cam and see if they're exhibiting signs. Squirming, crossed legs, strained face and the like. If so, I start a private chat with a hundred dollars and ask them if they have to pee. If they say yes, I keep it going. If not, I end the chat and let them keep the hundred. You, on the other hand, said you needed to pee the moment I entered your chat. You were just about to leave too, that's why I donated the thousand to get your immediate attention and stop you wasting a full bladder.”

Megan smiled. “I'm glad to help,” she said with a chuckle that vibrated her bladder, causing her to moan again.

“Two thousand,” Kay said. “You're doing an amazing job. I'm going to ask you to face me and spread your legs about two feet.” By this point, Megan knew better than to argue. She slowly turned towards the webcam and opened her legs. The moment her feet settled, a tiny spurt of wee burst out of her and splattered on the floor. Her hands flew towards her crotch, but Kay shouted “WAIT!”

Megan froze, every muscle in her body strained to their limits. “Do not hold yourself,” Kay demanded. “Stand perfectly still, hold it in with your willpower alone now.”

Megan closed her eyes. She had never felt anything like this. Her whole body was so sensitive that she was pretty sure that she could feel the universe. She hadn't felt the universe since she had done shrooms at her eighteenth birthday party. Her belly was so heavy, the pressure against her privates so strong, the throbbing so intense. She stood as a statue, time passing at an unknowable rate, standing in complete silence until Kay broke it with “You are magnificent. You made thirty five hundred dollars so far. Your bladder is so full that you look pregnant. Please, come to the laptop. I want to look into your eyes for a moment.”

Megan opened those bright green eyes and took a step forwards, and then she wet herself completely. It happened so suddenly that she couldn't believe it. As soon as she moved her leg, her bladder erupted with the white-hot intensity of ten thousand supernovas. She reflexively closed her legs, the wee spraying from her thighs in every direction, splattering across the floor and soaking even the kitchen cabinets that she stood beside.

She screamed out loud, first from surprise, and then from pure pleasure. Her knees went weak and she lost her balance, and despite her reaching for the counter, she fell onto her rear. Her legs fell open and her stream shot at least five feet forwards. All over the floor, the cabinets, the table and some chairs. She realized that she would ruin the entire kitchen at this rate, and she placed her hands between her legs. Not in an attempt to hold it in again, there was no chance of that, but to stop it from flowing freely. She couldn't believe how hot her pee was as it cascaded against her hands, and even more surprising was the absolute pressure with which it burst out of her.

In the back of her mind she noted how okay she felt about laying in her own wee. It should have weirded her out, but it just felt good, it felt warm, and the primal relief was so strong that nothing else mattered to her. She fell back and exhaled, keeping one hand against her privates so the stream stayed focused on the floor.

She had no idea how long her wee lasted. It seemed like a century. Right when the stream finally began to die down, she felt something building inside of her. With almost no warning, she had a leg-shaking orgasm on the spot that took what was left of her breath out of her. She went completely limp, her hand falling to her side. Luckily the stream had weakened enough to stay off of the furniture, and after many more seconds it slowed to a stop. She just laid there, caught up in this primordial pleasure, unlike anything she could have imagined.

Minutes passed.

“...Megan?” Kay's voice called softly from the mobile on the counter.

“Yeh?” Megan wheezed weakly from her place in the massive puddle of wee.

“You are currently my favorite person in the world,” Kay said. “That was...well, there is no other word for it than 'legendary,' I think. I know the sensations you are feeling right now are overwhelming, but I need you to stand up and come to the phone.”

Megan did as she was asked. It took her a long time to get to her feet, and she slowly made her way across the kitchen, being careful not to slip in her wee. She quickly dried her hands on a paper towel and took her phone, turning off speaker and putting it to her ear as she looked into the webcam. “Kay...I don't think...I can talk too good right now...”

“I know. Just listen. You pass. Ten years ago, with my wealth, I decided to produce a special variety of adult movie. I am the only person in the world who produces this type of content at this level. I want to hire you. Come to my studio. Five days. Five million dollars.”

“Adult movies...?” was all that Megan could manage to mumble out. The amount of money was simply incomprehensible to her in her current state.

“Yes. You will not be required to have sex with anyone. You will not be required to work with any other actors in any way. Only me. All you need to do is hold your pee to your very limit, as many times as you can.

Megan exhaled deeply. She had no idea who Kay was. She had no idea what she was in for. All she heard was 'money.' She would never have to work. Never have to struggle. Her life would be made, unquestioningly. She tightened her grip on the phone and steeled herself. “What would you have me do?”

TO BE CONTINUED.

*011*2016-12-03 04:16

Part Two-

The reality of what was happening hit Megan all at once as she stepped out of the plane. I can't believe I'm really doing this. She was standing in Jackson Hole Airport in Wyoming with one bag, ten thousand dollars in her bank, and a very full bladder. She jogged out of the gate and into the main of the airport, spotting the restrooms in the distance. As soon as she stepped into the loo, her phone rang. She reached into her light blue blouse and pulled the mobile out of her breasts, seeing the name “Kay” written across the screen.

“Hello?” Megan answered quickly, crossing her legs.

“My sources say you've landed,” Kay said.

“Sources? Don't you mean the airport's website?”

“It counts,” Kay responded, humor in her voice. “Where are you now?”

“I'm in the loo at the airport, I'm going to-”

“You didn't pee, did you?” Kay interrupted quickly.

Megan frowned. “No, but I really need to. No way I was gonna do it on the plane, and it was a long flight.”

“You are not permitted to pee,” Kay said sternly. “Exit the restroom and find my driver, he should be right outside the main gate.”

“Listen, Kay,” Megan whimpered. “I'm desperate here, I don't think the driver would be happy if I wet myself in his car. The car company would fine me as well, and even though I obviously have the money, it would be humiliating. Please let me wee.”

Megan winced as Kay began to chuckle. “She is not A driver, Megan. She is MY driver. More women have wet themselves in her car than in a Vegas nightclub. Since I started doing this, seventy percent of my subjects couldn't make it to my studio dry. Don't let that statistic increase. I believe in you.”

Kay hung up the phone.

Megan sighed and squeezed herself under her pink A-line skirt. She gave her bladder a gentle prod. She felt the pulse, but it wasn't as bad as it could be. She turned around and left the loo - and any chance at relief – behind. It took her two minutes to reach the main gate, and she spotted the driver instantly. A petite and beautiful woman with short blonde hair, wearing the most generic 'chauffeur' suit possible, stood near the door with a large green sign reading “MEGAN.”

“Greetings, Madame,” the driver said. “My name is Dee, and I will be your driver today.”

Megan tried hard to force a genuine smile through her desperation. “Nice to meet you, Dee. Lead the...” Megan trailed off into a thought. Wait. Dee? I've got them sussed, it's code. Kay's not her real name, or Dee, they're letters. Who the hell are these people? Megan blinked out of it. “Lead the way,” she finished. Too late to turn back now.

Dee nodded and turned, leading Megan out of the airport. They walked down the road for about three minutes, when Megan spotted the most ornate limousine she had ever seen. At least twenty feet long, blacker than black, with bright gold accents decorating the sides in a flowing floral pattern.

“Get stuffed,” Megan whispered to herself.

“Sorry?” Dee called over her shoulder.

“Nothing, I've just never seen a car like this,” Megan went on in amazement. “This thing must be worth millions.”

“Tens of millions,” Dee answered. The gold along the sides? That's not paint.”

“Is Kay in there?” Megan asked.

“Oh no,” Dee said quickly. “The Professor never leaves her studio when she's in the state. The whole point of setting up in Wyoming is the seclusion of it.”

Dee opened the rearmost door of the limo and waved Megan inside. Megan stepped off the curb and into the limo, her bladder throbbing when she lifted her leg. Megan gasped and reflexively folded her legs, falling into the massive seat.

Dee smiled at her. “Really need to go, eh? Good luck to you. I made it about twenty minutes before I just started spurting uncontrollably, and about another five before I straight-up burst. Hardly any girls make it the whole way the first time...I guess no lady wants to pee on a plane.”

“Wait, you-” Megan started.

“Yep,” Dee said cheerfully. “Three years ago. I was just like you, recruited off a cam site. After what I experienced in the Professor's studio, I decided to stay on. A few girls did. The whole place is run by ex-subjects.”

“Alright, what's with the 'subjects' and 'Professor' stuff?” Megan asked. “What's the deal with this whole thing?”

Dee shrugged. “The Professor will explain everything. Please, make yourself comfortable. Well...as much as you can, with that thing,” she finished, gesturing to Megan's belly. She walked away, towards the front of the limo.

Megan found it funny, how long it took for Dee to reach the front seat. She looked around the massive vehicle. There was a bar in the center, an actual full-size bed a little past that, and a plasma screen with a bunch of Blu-rays, mostly pornographic. Megan blinked at this. “What's with all the porn?” she asked Dee with a laugh.

“It's to help the girls. It's a lot easier to hold in pee when you're turned on. Every girl who made it all the way to the studio took advantage of that.”

“Isn't that weird for you?” Megan asked.

“Oh, Madame, I got over any kind of weirdness a very long time ago. Even before I met the Professor, I was a cam girl, remember? I've seen plenty of people going at it.” The engine started and they began to move. The limo had fantastic suspension, but even the slightest motion made Megan quiver. She stood up in a hunch and made her way to the center of the vehicle, sitting on the comfortable couch in front of the television. Looking over the Blu-rays, she noticed that they were all softcore, passionate, gentle types. The sort of porn that women tended to like. Shifting through the stack, something caught her eye. It was a simple case, and on the cover stood Dee herself in what appeared to be a perfectly ordinary bedroom.

If not for the hair, she would have been unrecognizable, due to the ornate, dark green masquerade mask she wore. She was dressed in a light green T-shirt with a heart on her left breast and snug, light blue boy short panties. She was standing slightly to the side, looking into the camera with a very strained expression visible even under the mask. She was lifting the shirt above her belly which was bulging out incredibly far. Looking closer, a small wet patch could be seen staining the crotch of her panties.

“This is one of Kay's videos, isn't it?” Megan asked.

“Indeed,” Dee said. “She wanted it in here, so the new girls could get some idea of what was coming. Feel free to watch it if you like, but I would recommend against it. Watching other women desperate to pee makes it next to impossible to hold on.”

“Eh, fuck it,” Megan whispered. She opened the case, finding nothing. “Hey Dee, it's empty,” she called.

“Already in the player, probably,” Dee responded.

Megan hit the power button, and the video started up immediately. It was a very well-lit living room, and a very generic one at that. Hardwood floors, a simple couch, two armchairs on either side of it. A marble coffee table sat between the couch and a massive flatscreen. A few books lay on the table, as well as an empty dinner plate. The scene was filmed from a stationary camera, looking straight towards the couch. Large windows lined the wall behind said couch, displaying - against all logic - a tropical rainforest.

Megan was about to question this when the sound of a door opening and closing distracted her. Moments later, she entered the camera's view. Dee, still in the green masquerade mask but now wearing a glistening, emerald-colored one-piece swimsuit. She was soaked everywhere except her hair, and she stumbled towards the couch with two fists shoved against her womanhood with such force that the veins in her arms were visible from here on the high definition screen.

“FFFFUUUUUCK!” Dee screamed suddenly, causing the actual Dee in the front of the limo to yelp and jump before letting out a quick laugh.

“PLEASE, NO!” Dee yelled again, clearly to herself. “Not yet, not yet, I have to be so close, please, just a little bit longer, please, for fuck's sake, come on...” Her entire body shivered, and she stumbled past the couch. Right before she left the camera's vision, Megan caught a quick look at the huge bulging bladder under Dee's arms. As soon as she left the frame, the camera angle switched. Another stationary camera, angled upwards into a hallway as Dee hobbled back into view, releasing a constant, muffled scream.

Despite herself, Megan found her left hand drifting between her legs. She pressed her middle finger against her clit through her panties and began to gently rub. The sensation instantly made her quiver, and she felt herself growing wet. Dee started through the hallway, taking such tiny steps in her effort to hold the ocean of wee inside of her. As she reached the camera, it began to swivel, following her journey through the hall. The shape of her butt was pronounced under the swimsuit as she bent forwards, pulled tightly against her skin. Through another door, and the camera switched again. She was in a kitchen now, again very ordinary. She slowly made her way to the fridge, cursing repeatedly, and violently pulled the appliance open. Reaching in, she extracted a regular bottle of water.

“I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'RE MAKING ME DRINK THIS!” she shrieked to seemingly nothing. Groaning in agony as she forced her other hand out of her crotch, she gripped the lid and turned it hard. She took a small sip, cursed loudly, took another sip, and repeated this pattern for over a minute as Megan pleasured herself while staring at Dee's incredible bladder. Why is this turning me on so much? Megan thought, trying not to feel too ashamed of herself. This is amazing, look at her...I hope she doesn't know I'm wanking back here. Wait, is it still called wanking if it's a girl doing it? Why haven't I thought about that before? Why the hell am I thinking about it now? WHAT'S EVEN HAPPENING? Megan crashed back into reality as her bladder contracted strongly, causing her to slide forwards, fully exposing her red cotton panties.

She bit her lip and returned to the movie, watching as Dee stood like a statue with her fists clenched hard at her sides. The same stance that Megan had moments before she wet herself during her first talk with Kay. This thought caused her to grow even more aroused, and she pinched her labia through her panties with her right hand as she kept on her clit with her left. Dee's mouth was pursed so tightly, her legs so stiff and her belly so full. She looked absolutely vivacious.

Megan's eyes opened wide as a voice suddenly came over the television. Kay's voice. “You've done a magnificent job so far, Subject. How do you feel?”

“Oh, you startled me,” Dee complained desperately. “I feel like my whole body is on fire. My nerves are so on-edge, my pussy feels like there's a hurricane building inside of it. It hurts so badly, but it feels so good. It feels amazing. I know that I'm about to cum just from the pressure.”

Megan knew she was about to cum too. She felt the pleasure building inside of her, but she was all too aware of the strong warnings coming from her bladder. She felt very full, she knew she didn't have much time left. Then, she compared herself to the woman in the video. She was at an extreme of desperation that Megan couldn't comprehend. She knew that she could hold out, knew that she could rival Dee if she fought with all her strength. She focused on the television and stayed as such for a very long time, just watching the beautiful woman hold herself. Megan could swear that Dee's bulge grew slightly over time from the new water. Megan's face flushed as Dee reached in and pulled the crotch of the swimsuit aside, revealing her reddened and swollen privates. She inserted one finger into herself, rubbing slowly and opening her mouth wide. “Ohhhh,” Dee sighed. “It's incredible, oh my God, oh fuck.

“Put the swimsuit back in place,” Kay said. “You are not to expose yourself unless asked.”

“Yes, Professor,” Dee answered meekly, retracting her finger and letting the material slide back over her tortured gash. She managed two small steps forwards and pressed her crotch into the corner of the kitchen table. The camera angle switched once more, this time filming from above. It zoomed into her lower body, and the shape of her vulva could be clearly seen through the thin swimsuit as she pressed on the wood. She began to rotate her hips, breathing heavily. She shivered again. And once more. She began to rock, thrusting her hips slowly and releasing a moan with each motion. After a few minutes of this, she slammed her eyes shut and gasped, vibrating across her whole body. A spurt of clear-whitish liquid burst through the crotch of the swimsuit and across the corner of the table. She lost her balance and stumbled backwards.

Megan was standing on the edge of a huge orgasm, and she just hoped that she could keep quiet enough to avoid detection from the real Dee. She bit down hard on her bottom lip but kept her eyes wide open, looking on in wonder as Dee finally began losing her battle. The first spurt was small, a trickle of pale yellow that began to drip from her as she stood stiffly. The second was longer and strong, pushing out the fabric of the suit for a second. And then it was over, an absolute waterfall exploding out of her. Megan's bladder didn't like what she was seeing. She pressed both hands hard against herself just as she went over the edge, cumming hard into her own hands. She had only squirted twice in her life before, both orgasms given to her by ex boyfriends, but now her hands were soaked and she knew she hadn't lost control of her bladder.

She stared on as Dee screamed in relief as she emptied herself on the kitchen floor. She leaned against the table, causing the camera to shift again, now looking straight at her rear as her wee cascaded down her legs and pooled on the floor. Her whole body shook once more and she began moaning in pleasure again, and although there was no squirt visible in her waterfall, Megan knew that she got off a second time just then. The sound of the hissing was driving Megan insane, and she gasped softly as she felt a quick spurt shoot out of her bladder, soaking her panties even more than her squirt.

She twisted her legs nearly into a knot, never taking her eyes off the screen. It took Dee well over a minute to finish. As she stood there, leaning exhausted on the table, the strangest thing Megan had ever seen began to happen. The huge puddle of wee began sinking through the tile floor, slowly being absorbed into apparent nothingness before vanishing completely. And then Kay spoke again. "Fourteen hundred and sixty eight milliliters," she said. Dee groaned in frustration, slamming her fist on the tabletop. Megan blinked hard and slammed the power button on the Blu-ray player, exhaling as the screen went black and focusing on her damp panties.

“Dee,” she whimpered. “Does it count if I leak a little bit?” She knew that it was pointless asking about what she just saw. She'd rather focus on her own issues for now.

“Did it stay contained to your panties?”

“Yes, luckily they're cotton. I thought about wearing this amazing lace pair I have, but they've got no absorbency...”

“As much as I'd have liked to see those, you're fine. Nobody's ever made the trip without leaking. As long as it doesn't hit the floorboard of the limo, she doesn't count it as a loss.”

“Are you a lesbian?” Megan asked, perhaps too boldly.

“I...well, the thing is, we've had some lesbians, but most of the girls come here completely straight. I know I did. But after the Professor gets through with us...there's something about her, something that many of us fall in love with, something none of us ever want to leave. She is an enigma of a woman, I can't possibly explain this phenomenon.”

“Yeah, no way it could be her insane, infinite wealth,” Megan droned sarcastically.

“Look, I know that seems obvious, but that isn't it. It's her, Megan. I can call you Megan, right? 'Madame' seems pointless after you've just flicked your bean watching me piss myself.”

“Jesus, you saw that?” Megan cried out, mortified.

“Heard it,” Dee laughed. “You did a great job holding the moans, but I could hear the shlicking from here.”

“I'm...I'm sorry,” Megan whimpered.

“Don't be, I'm glad you found my performance so attractive. Kinda turning me on right now, if I'm being honest. Anyway, how's your bladder doing? Any more leaks?”

“No, somehow,” Megan answered. “Hey, I hate to sound like a kid on a road trip, but are we there yet?” she asked, half jokingly.

“Ehm,” Dee started. “Actually, yes. I don't think you have any idea how long you've been watching that video. It's been over an hour.”

“Are you serious? I can't believe I haven't wet myself yet,” Megan said, amazed at herself.

“Yep. You're very impressive. I can understand what Kay saw in you so quickly. Well, we're pretty much here – About one more minute up the road.”

Megan patted her skirt down and sat up straight, gasping as her bladder protested strongly. She looked out the window for the first time since she turned on the video, seeing that they were driving down a road in a thick forest. Tall mountains were visible far off through the trees. Dee was right about seclusion – They had to be miles away from any other human life. A short time later, the limo came to a stop. Megan couldn't see anything from the window, and she didn't want to rotate to look out the one behind her with her bladder like it was. Dee opened the door and stood up, and Megan waited as she circled around the long vehicle.

The door opened, and Dee reached out a hand. She helped Megan stand, holding her shoulder tightly to help her balance as she paused to hold herself. She led Megan around the limo, and Megan's eyes fell on what appeared to be a massive black cube, as big as a mansion. “Welcome to The Studio, pee subject,” Dee whispered in her ear.

Megan struggled not to laugh at the phrase 'pee subject,' knowing that she would lose control if she did. “Oh wow, I'm really on the edge here. Please, lets hurry.”

“Of course,” Dee said. She led Megan towards the huge cube. It loomed ever taller as they approached, and soon they were standing right next to it. Dee reached out for a spot that was lighter in color than the rest, and a door slid open quickly to the right.

“This looks like some kind of Secret Service base or some shit,” Megan whispered.

“Mmhmm,” Dee answered simply. “Come, now.” She gently pushed Megan towards the door. They stepped through, and it closed behind them. For a moment, they stood in pitch blackness. And then the room illuminated itself, and Megan's jaw dropped to the floor. The room was perfectly round, the entire ceiling one massive black light. The walls were draped in deep purple curtains that surrounded her completely, flowing in a wind that she could not feel. The floor glowed solid orange in the black light, and perfect spirals of purple and red swirled all around her.

“What...what is this?” Megan exhaled. “In the video...it was just an ordinary house.”

“This is just the entrance hall,” Dee said softly. “Kay...she likes to make an opening impact. Prepare yourself.” Dee stepped away, and when Megan turned around to look at her, she was gone, a nearby curtain flapping from her departure through it. Suddenly, a sound pulled Megan's attention straight ahead.

A door opened, sliding into the ground, and a woman who could only be called a literal goddess of beauty glided through. With an hourglass body, dressed in a tight flame-colored sheath dress. Red and orange feathers decorated her cleavage and neckline, and above that, impossibly smooth pale white skin, red lips, her face covered in a red and orange masquerade mask. Feathered in the same colors, with countless small gems embedded down the middle in circles and swirls. Right above the center of her eyes rested a massive sapphire, and said eyes shined a stunning bright violet.

Megan was simply dumbfounded, unable to speak as this woman approached her with impossible grace. She stopped a foot in front of Megan, looking down into her eyes; the woman had to be nearly six feet tall. Without a word, she reached out both of her slender, pale arms and took Megan in a tight embrace. Kay slid her arms down to the middle of Megan's back and held her strongly, and Megan felt her bladder compress against Kay's body. She said nothing, exhaling sharply directly into Kay's breasts. The woman hugged her tighter, and Megan began shaking as her muscles strained to their limits.

“Kay...I'm going to...I can't...”

She just squeezed harder. Megan struggled pointlessly for about five more seconds before her bladder was forced open and she began wetting herself while pressed up against Kay. It flowed all down her legs under her skirt, soaking into her shoes and pooling under her feet. Kay released her tight grip but still held Megan, smiling down at her as she soaked the front of her own skirt, as well as Kay's dress. “Welcome, Megan,” Kay whispered.

TO BE CONTINUED

*020*2016-12-06 03:38

Part Three-

“Drink,” Kay said, sipping on her own cup of exquisite jasmine tea, being careful not to dip the feathers of her mask in it.

Megan lifted her teacup and took a short sip; the tea was still too hot for much else. “This is the best tea I've ever had,” Megan whispered. “Seriously, it's unbelievable.”

“It is, isn't it?” Kay agreed. The two of them were sitting alone in what resembled a conference room. A long mahogany table with only two chairs rested in the middle of a square room that spanned about twenty feet diagonally. There were two doors, one on either side of the room. One led into the magnificent entrance hall, the other, presumably into the main of the building. “Are you ready to hear what your job is over the next five days?”

Megan made a funny motion with her head, something between a nod and a shrug. “I'm assuming it's to wet myself as many times as possible.”

Kay scoffed and shook her head. “The exact opposite, actually. Allow me to explain. You are to simply live in the home you are placed in. Once every half an hour, you will be notified to drink. When that happens, you are to drink a single five hundred milliliter bottle of water. Besides this, you have only one other objective: Do not urinate under any circumstance.”

“That's impossible,” Megan said with a small laugh.

“Quite. The point is that every single drop of liquid that leaves your body must be released completely, totally, and unequivocally against your will. You are to behave like peeing is a crime of the highest caliber. Be assured, this struggle will not go unrewarded. You see, this entire construct is equipped with very complex flooring of my own design. Micro-cracks hidden between hardwood floorboards and the gaps between tiles enable any liquid that hits the floor to be absorbed through a vacuum system and measured with precision, the accuracy sub-milliliter-”

“You're losing me,” Megan said, her eyebrows furrowed.

“To explain simply, I can tell exactly how much you pee. When you do inevitably lose control, you will be rewarded depending on the quantity that you pee. You will be given one hundred dollars for every milliliter you release, and to ensure that you fight to the very last second no matter how badly it hurts, there is a milestone system. If you pee five hundred milliliters, you will be given one hundred thousand dollars. If you pee one liter, three hundred thousand. One and a half, five hundred thousand. If you prove to be a true legend and reach two liters, which only two women I've ever met have achieved, you will be rewarded one million dollars.” Kay leaned back in her chair, crossing her beautiful legs. “After you lose control, you will be given a two hour respite. At night, you will not be required to drink for the six hours between midnight and six in the morning, so you may sleep. And that's about it.”

Megan just stared. She kept the rules in her head, but focused on the money. “All of that, on top of the five million you promised me before I agreed to come here?”

“Of course,” Kay confirmed. “I know this sounds absolutely insane to you, but the simple fact is that I have more money than even I can truly comprehend. I believe that this gift should be used to live the way that I want to, without compromise in any area of my life.”

“You could change the world,” Megan said softly. “If you put your money in the right places, you could do so much-”

“Make no mistake, Megan,” Kay interrupted. “I am not what you would call a 'good person.' I am greedy, I am the most selfish human being you will ever meet. All I care about in the world is my own happiness. Part of that happiness is getting beautiful women to hold their pee to their very limits in front of me. However, you must see the loophole here. Beyond acquiring this building and my vehicle, I do not throw away my money. I simply pass it on – in very large quantities, I might add – to perfectly healthy women with their own desires and free will. If you are smart, you could live on one million dollars for the rest of your life. I estimate that you will walk out of here with a much greater sum than the baseline five million. Just like every woman who has ever left this place, you are free to donate it to the charity or cause of your choice.”

Megan blinked and looked down into her tea before taking a longer sip. “I'll admit, you have me there.”

“Glad to hear it,” Kay said with a smirk. “Now, there is one more thing. Each time you wet yourself, you will be instructed to return to the bedroom, shower, and change into a new set of clothing that will be provided. You are not to expose your naked body outside of the showering room unless I tell you to. Myself and many of my clients are only interested in seeing clothed women in this situation. We're about done...but before I let you run loose in here, I will give you the opportunity to ask me three questions which I will answer in absolute truth. Choose carefully. If you want a very specific answer, ask a very specific question, for if I don't like the question very much, I will try my best to answer it as vaguely as possible.”

Megan closed her eyes and thought. She had to pick three out of dozens, and it was not easy. Finally, she settled on one. “What's with the 'professor' and 'subject' stuff?”

Kay grinned. “You'd be surprised how few women ask me that at the start. They just focus on the money and never bother with details like that. Anyway, I consider myself an absolute authority on the subject of pee. I've had this fetish since I was a very small girl, and over the years I've studied biology, urology, not to mention my own personal studies on real women. I've documented and recorded average bladder capacities depending on height, weight, physical strength, even race and sexuality.

The differences are very slight, and it differs more between individuals than anything else...but there are differences. These details are for my own knowledge, however. This is why you are my subjects. As for being the Professor, I feel like it is my duty to teach you all how to hold to your limits. To bestow my knowledge down to increase your capacity beyond what you would believe possible. Having a huge bladder is a great help in every day life, as well as for my own enjoyment and that of my clients. Next question.”

Megan shut her eyes again. So many potential questions to sort through, so little time. “I leak,” she said suddenly. “When I'm super desperate to go, I leak a lot before I lose control completely. Is this counted towards the final tally?”

Kay tilted her head. “Yes and no. The system works in bouts of three minutes. For example, if you leak out fifty milliliters, it starts a countdown of three minutes. If you leak any more, when that three minutes ends, it adds that up and that's your payout for that three minutes, and the clock resets. This encourages you to fight as hard as you can to not leak, as it makes reaching the milestones far more difficult. The idea is to hold it in until you burst completely for the biggest rewards. Note that very small leaks that stay contained to your panties and whatever other clothes you may be wearing will not be counted at all. Next question.”

Megan already knew what she was going to ask. She had it figured out from the beginning, but wanted to save it for last. “What is your name?”

Kay's smirk dropped off her face quickly. “You figured it out, eh?” she muttered. “I suppose it's not a very complicated code. I'll make you the exact same offer I made the other three women who asked that same question. If you want to keep that question, just say so and I will answer it truthfully. However, be aware that I am a very famous woman. If you are not absolute in your secrecy upon leaving here, my entire lifestyle and that of the women who work for me may be put in jeopardy. I will also be very disappointed with you,” she finished, as though she were Megan's mildly frustrated mother. “My offer is that I will give you the opportunity to ask your final question once more, with this new knowledge. Think carefully.”

It was decided before Megan could bother with thinking about it. She had already grown somewhat attached to Kay, and she would never do anything to hurt this magnificent woman. Other potential questions flooded her mind, and one stuck out to her. A mischievous way to mess with Kay without actually doing her any harm. Megan smirked. “What is the detailed story about the most desperate to wee you've ever been in your entire life?”

Kay's gorgeous eyes went wide, her mouth opening into a shining smile. “Oh, my beautiful girl, you are the very first subject to ever ask me that,” she exclaimed in amazement.

“Well, I would be lying if I said that I hadn't caught this little kink from you,” Megan said happily. “You've seen me at my most desperate moment yet, I'd like to hear about yours.”

“Very well. You are the first person I'll ever tell this story to, and possibly the last. I hope you enjoy it. Be aware that I will be changing people's names, to protect my privacy.”

“Of course,” Megan nodded.

“Well, as I said earlier, I've had this fetish since I was a young girl. I remember being as young as eight, feeling the most wonderful sensations whenever my friends peed in front of me, and far more so when they had to hold it in for a time. I didn't start getting sexual pleasure from my own full bladder until I was older, half because of puberty I suppose, and half due to the fact that I never really got desperate enough. As soon as I discovered how wonderful I could make myself feel simply by drinking and not peeing, I took huge advantage of it. It all started when I was thirteen, living in a mansion owned by my parents. They were both away for business, and I was staying with my nanny. Heather, I'll call her."

"When you hear the word 'nanny,' I'm sure you imagine a large, heavyset thug of a woman. Not Heather. That wonderful girl is a huge part of the reason that I'm the glorious flaming lesbian I am now. At thirteen, I obviously didn't need a nanny, but my parents kept her around because we had become good friends. We lived in a hot climate, and when we were alone in the house, she would always walk around in her blouse and panties despite having a suit she was supposed to wear. I never said anything to my parents, because despite me not knowing why yet, I absolutely loved seeing her like that."

"Beyond that, the help was supposed to only use the restroom on the third floor of the mansion, in the very back. To avoid this walk, she would always hold her pee. I spent countless hours of my childhood watching this beautiful woman in her underwear stumbling around the mansion, her legs squeezing together and her belly bulging out, but she never once complained about it. One day, I simply got curious and decided to try it for myself. As I said, it was a hot climate, and I drank a lot. On that day, I just...didn't pee. The point where I'd always go in the past went shooting by. As minutes and hours passed, the feelings went from dull to strong, pulsing sensations that made me feel things I had never felt before."

"Eventually, Heather noticed me squirming and holding myself under my dress. She was clearly desperate too, but she asked me what was wrong. I don't remember the exact wording, but I said something like 'you always have to pee, because you don't want to go so far to the bathroom. I wanted to see how it feels to need to pee that bad.' She laughed and smiled at me. 'It's okay, you can go pee. It's my own choice to hold it in,' she said.

I was feeling my bladder really strongly right then, I thought about going, but still I just...didn't pee. 'I want to see if I can wait as long as you can,' I told her. She kept smiling and shook her head. 'I'm always desperate, so I have a lot of experience and a huge bladder. You're no match for me. There's no reason for you to be so uncomfortable, just go pee.' To this day I don't know what came over me, but I defiantly looked her in the eyes and said 'No.' She burst out laughing then, pressing her hands tight against her panties to keep herself dry. 'It's on, little lady,' she said."

"I remember that line of hers perfectly...four words that defined my entire life from that point on. And so somehow it turned into a holding contest. She got us tea and water, and we both drank so much even though we were both already bursting. So much time passed, and my body was going through this sort of metamorphosis as my young bladder was taken to its limits. Heather had just gone stiff, lumped out on the couch, knowing that the slightest motion would cause her to explode. I didn't know well enough yet to lock up like that, I kept trying to cross my legs and hold myself, but at that point everything just made it worse. I remember exactly how it felt when the first little leak squeezed its way out of my body."

“I threw myself off the couch to avoid soaking the furniture, there'd be no way to explain that to my parents. Right before I wet myself completely, Heather somehow made it over to me from her place on the couch. She hugged me and whispered into my ear; 'Hold it. Do not pee now. I know you're feeling incredible pressure, but if you've taken it this far, you can go beyond this. If you're going to do this, I want you to bring it to the edge of the world.' Heather was a very hyperbolic woman, but she inspired me. 

After that moment, we both held onto the oceans inside of us, just sitting on the floor in a gentle embrace, somehow lasting for precisely one more hour. At that point, I had no chance of making it another ten seconds. I felt it begin spurting out of me when Heather's grip on me tightened, and the loudest hiss I've ever heard echoed around the mansion. She had lost the contest, this experienced holder, this grown woman, had completely wet herself at her very limit before I did. More than that, it was the very first time I'd ever been truly desperate. I was a prodigy, I was born for this, I felt."

"A few seconds in, Heather whispered 'I lost,' into my ear. She sounded so completely defeated. It felt wonderful. My tormented body took that concession as permission, and I wet my dress all over her legs. We both sat and emptied our bladders right next to each other and laid in it for a long time. Some other things happened between us that night, but that's not part of this story.”

Megan had to fight to close her mouth. Her senses were effectively gone, and her panties were soaked – And not with pee. “Bloody hell,” she whispered.

“Indeed,” Kay said. She really seemed to like that word.

“How...how old was Heather?” Megan stuttered.

“She was seventeen at the time,” Kay answered.

“Isn't that...isn't all that kind of wrong of her?”

“Nonsense,” Kay shrugged her off. “Most people don't know this, but according to Christian mythology, Mary was thirteen when she gave birth to Christ. I think a bit of peeing and...squeezing, is alright after that, no? Besides, I was not taken advantage of or abused in any way. It was the most wonderful thing that's ever happened to me, the most fun I've ever had, and you see how I turned out. I wouldn't trade the life I have now for anything in the universe.”

“I understand,” Megan whispered. “So...what now, Kay?”

“Now,” Kay started, “You will begin to refer to me as Professor. Along with this, your name is Emma now, and-”

“Emma isn't a letter,” Megan interrupted.

“Do not interrupt me, Subject,” Kay ordered. “And it's supposed to be the letter 'M', but that does not make a proper name like Kay and Dee do, so we modify it slightly to work. Most of the girls were named like that. As I was saying, in addition to that, you will wear this at all times when in this building.” Kay turned her chair sideways, lifting her dress to reveal a sapphire-blue masquerade mask that was tied to her thigh. 

She pulled the bow and waved the mask at Emma from her place across the table. “The footage on the Blu-rays is fixed obviously, but clients who watch live online or buy the digital application can access any camera angle, in any room, at any time. You will have precisely no privacy. If the mask comes off accidentally, your face will be blurred and an alarm will turn on to notify you, if you were sleeping for example. Unfortunately, this will also deduct five hundred thousand dollars from your total payment, as this hiccup drastically reduces the final quality of the whole product. Do your best to avoid this. So, do you understand everything?”

“I do,” Emma said. Kay smiled and stood, and Emma followed suit. Kay opened the door of the conference room with her left hand and motioned towards it, and Emma slowly approached. Before she walked through the door, Kay held out her arms and grasped Emma by her shoulders, looking into her eyes.

“You just relieved yourself when you got here, what, an hour ago?” Kay whispered to her. “And all you've had is one cup of tea, so your bladder is probably pretty empty. Use the time you have now to explore the house, you won't have much time to relax from this point on.” Kay leaned down quickly and boldly kissed Emma on her lips. Emma's eyes went wide, but she did not struggle. Kay broke the kiss after what felt like half a minute, gently placing the masquerade mask on Emma's face and tying the knot tightly. She then gingerly pushed Emma through the door, pulling it shut behind her.

TO BE CONTINUED

*025*2016-12-10 20:05

Part Four - Be aware that this part contains no desperation (but is still kind of hot). It sets up the environment and is also shorter than the others, so just get through it and wait for the good part, starting in the next chapter.

****

Emma stumbled into her new habitat, reaching up to straighten her mask. She looked around, frowning slightly as she took in her environment. She was not in the generic house of Dee's video, instead she stood inside a stone chamber that resembled the interior of a Medieval castle. Artificial torches rested in sconces in the corners of the room, and a banded wooden door sat open, leading into a hallway. “I thought I was supposed to be in a house...” Emma whispered to herself.

“You will be,” Kay's voice came in over a hidden loudspeaker. “One of my first clients paid me a great sum of money to fulfill a 'medieval slave girl' fantasy of his. There's many specialized rooms in this building. It should be obvious from the outside, but this construct is far larger than an ordinary house. You'll primarily be in the home setting, but once my live clients take a liking to you, there may be requests for some other environments.”

“How the hell did you even hear me?” Emma complained, having been badly startled by Kay's sudden speech.

“The audio-video equipment in this building is unmatched,” Kay answered. “Go through the other door there to get into the home setting. Just so you know, you're not being recorded yet. The stream doesn't start until you drink your first bottle of water. I'll speak with you normally until then, but once it starts, I will be silent other than when I give instruction or encourage you to hold.”

“Understood,” Emma said. She strode through the door and down the dim hallway, soon reaching an unusual beige door that felt as though it were made of ceramic. Stepping through, she came out into what appeared to be a massive shower. She closed the door, and it shut so snugly into the ceramic wall that it became almost completely invisible. Four shower heads looked over her, one on each wall, and the shower had to be at least six feet wide in both directions. “This is amazing,” Emma called out with a huge grin. “I've always dreamed of a shower like this.” Looking around, she spotted two remarkably tiny cameras overlooking the shower from opposite corners, and two more looking up at her from the corners of the floor. She wasn't surprised.

“It is wonderful, isn't it?” Kay agreed. “I actually shower in it sometimes, when nobody's in the house. When I think about how many naked, desperate women have showered in there, it turns me on something awful.”

“Too much information,” Emma joked. “Wait though, I thought I was supposed to shower right after I pee, why would they be desperate?”

“Some clients like to really torture the girls' bladders,” Kay answered with happiness obvious in her voice. They request that I make my subjects shower while they're bursting pretty often. There are some other common requests...but I won't spoil anything. The whole point of these videos is to fulfill custom fantasies for wealthy customers, fantasies that will never be met by any common producer.

Not properly, anyway. There are many producers who make desperation and wetting videos, but even the higher quality ones...you can tell that the girls are barely ever at their true limit. Many of them are simply pretending from the beginning. So many videos where the girl's acting like she's about to die, then pees for about six seconds. It enrages me. I could name maybe five videos off the top of my head, free and paid combined, where it's clear that the woman truly could not hold it in for one more second if her life depended on it. It's extraordinarily rare. And that's where I come in," she finished with a loud inhale, trying to catch her breath after that rant.

“You really do know your stuff,” Emma said.

“Indeed. Oh look, it's nearly time for your water. You wasted time talking instead of exploring.”

“Oy, clear off,” Emma snapped. “You talked a fat lot more than I did. Belt up if you want me to focus on what I'm doing.”

“I...I expect you to be far more polite...to me,” Kay warned, though it was quite obvious that she was desperately trying to choke back laughter. “When the cameras are rolling.”

Emma began giggling right along with her. “Fine, I'm going. Wait, where's the kitchen?”

“Exit the shower and through the bedroom,” Kay breathed heavily, slowly regaining her composure. “You'll come out on the second floor. Down the stairs into the living room, then through the door across from the television.”

Emma stayed quiet as she walked across the huge shower and pushed open the clear glass door. Looks like there's not even the illusion of privacy. She stepped out into the rest of the bathroom, which included an ordinary bathtub, a sink...and no toilet. Of course. She continued out into the bedroom, where it was just as ordinary as she would have imagined. There was a Queen-sized bed with a dresser beside it, a nightstand, two windows with the shades down, and a lamp.

She reached for the lamp to turn it on, but was interrupted by Kay. “Please do not touch any lamps or other lights in the building,” she said. “Illumination is handled from the outside. Don't open the window shades either. Oh, and...” Kay paused, and the sound of shuffling paper came in over the loudspeaker. “Open the top drawer of the dresser there and put on the outfit in there. Usually changing occurs on-camera, but the front of your skirt is still damp, and the clients might not like you being already wet, they'll think they missed something. Shove your old clothes under the bed, they'll be stealthily gathered, washed, and returned to you at the end of this.”

Emma nodded into the open air, unsure of where the cameras were hidden in the bedroom. She reached to her neckline and unbuttoned her blouse, opening it slowly and sensually and puffing out her breasts which were covered in a lacy red bra.

“It's almost like you're trying to give me a show,” Kay said softly.

“Maybe I am,” Emma whispered. “Like what you see?” She rocked her chest back and forth so her breasts bounced cutely.

Kay was silent for a long moment. “I thought you were straight?” she finally asked.

“Dee warned me that wouldn't last very long after I met you,” Emma explained. “I can't believe it myself, but after seeing you, after hearing that story about Heather, I find myself wanting you as badly as you want me.”

Kay exhaled slowly. “You are an inconceivably beautiful, stunning woman,” Kay breathed. “Please, though, I honestly need to finish preparations before we can begin recording. Allow me to focus. If you would like some...private time...after this is all over, I will gladly oblige. I am astonishingly attracted to you.”

“Seems like I have something to look forward to then,” Emma said. She reached out and pulled the drawer open. A single stack of clothing sat in the center of the otherwise empty drawer. She pulled it out and laid it on the bed. She smiled as she saw hot pink pajama pants with little flowers right above the crotch and on the butt, along with a matching cotton sports bra. “Adorable outfit,” she exclaimed. “It's the kind of thing I'd wear on the treadmill at home. Super comfortable and stops my tits from slapping around.” She picked up the pants and shook them out, stepping back as a pair of pink satin low-rise panties fell from the folds. “They even pick out my knickers, eh?”

“Every aspect of your outfits are custom-picked by my clients, yes,” Kay said. “You have three minutes until you must drink, so I'd hurry up if I were you.”

“You just don't want me standing here with my chest out for that long,” Emma teased. Still, she quickly removed her bra and pulled down her still-damp skirt and panties, kicking them under the bed, along with her blouse. “What about shoes?” Emma asked.

“If they're not in the drawer, you don't wear them,” Kay answered absentmindedly.

“Alrighty then,” Emma agreed, pulling off her sneakers and socks and shoving them under the bed as well. She bent over and picked up the smooth, tiny pair of panties. She pulled them into place and patted the crotch, greatly enjoying the feel of the material. “I've never worn satin knickers before, they feel amazing. Kind of tight though, I bet they'll squeeze into my bladder really good once I fill up.”

“Oh my God, Emma,” Kay moaned loudly.

“Sorry, sorry. Bloody hell, you're a horndog.” The pajama pants came on next, sitting snugly on her hips. Being careful not to knock her mask off, she pulled on the sports bra, which was the perfect size for her C-cup breasts. She pushed them snugly into the fabric and took off through the door and down the stairs. She came into the living room, glancing at the massive television and spotting the door that led to the kitchen. Looking the other way, her eyes went wide as she saw the large windows on the opposite wall. She was looking out over a vast, snowcapped mountain range, flurries blowing past the glass and clouds swirling above. The problem with this was that she was in a forest. In August.

“How the...what is...fuckin'-”

“The windows are custom-built 4K displays,” Kay said, immediately understanding the cause of Emma's stammering. “I don't even know how they work myself, I just told the video company I hired that I'd pay them any amount of money if they made it look real enough, and made it display properly on camera without any artifacting. Some kind of internal 3D display, projected onto the glass or something. Clients decide the environments while recording, but when the cameras are off, it rotates through a few different ones. See...” The windows quickly blinked off and on again, this time displaying the bottom of an ocean. Fish swam past, looking into the glass. A whale shark could be seen floating around in the distance, and bubbles drifted out of small holes in the sand. It looked absolutely real. “Oh, and you were supposed to drink over a minute ago. Move it.”

“Shit, I'm on it,” Emma gasped, running out of the living room and into a short hallway, and finally into the kitchen. She pulled the fridge open, exhaling in delight at what she saw. The large appliance was stacked to the brim with foods she could only ever imagine. Cheeses from all around the world, meats from every animal it was legal to eat, countless vegetables, many of which she didn't even recognize. She had no time to sort it out now though, as the top shelf was completely dedicated to half-liter bottles of water, at least one hundred of them. She grasped one, tore it open, and chugged it down, gasping for air and licking her lips.

“About time,” Kay mumbled. “Alright, Emma. I hope you are ready. Remember, from this point on you must refer to me only as 'Professor' and treat me with the utmost respect. Do not attempt to begin a conversation with me, only speak to me when I speak to you.”

“Of course, Professor,” Emma confirmed with a nod. “I'll play my part perfectly.”

“Glad to hear it,” Kay said. “Cameras turning on in three...two...one...”

TO BE CONTINUED

