Tess the holder

Author: Brown&yellow

*000*2017-04-26 12:53

Holding? What holding?

Prologue;

Warning, contains zero build up in the start, and speeds through the build ups in the next chapters. I am a very impatient writer when horny. Sorry. Not sorry.

23 year old Tess woke up. She moaned gently and shifted under the warm blankets that cocooned her.

She sat up slowly, her covers slipping off. She stretched her arms over her head, her back giving a few clicks. A ray of golden morning light slipped through the curtains of her high-rise appartment and highlighted her smooth, bare skin. She liked to appreciate the freedom of wearing nothing under the blankets.

Her stomach gave a little grumble. Tess glanced down at her rounded tummy and tutted. She smoothed a hand over her bulging abdomen and the grumble died down.

Suddenly her bladder convolsed and a squirt of pee jetted past her pussy and hit the sheats, Tess jumped up quickly, her bladder contracted again, and again, pumping squirt after squirt down her legs, she jammed her hands against her pee hole and promptly soaked them in warm piss. Her squirts got out of hand and quickly became a torrent, her swollen bladder so full of pee that she got no relief from the squirts.

She sprinted to the bathroom door, threw it open, all the while leaving a big trail of piss on her bedroom floor, then slapped her large, curvaceous butt on the toilet seat. Tess spread her thighs wide leaned back and let out a loud luxurious moaning sigh as her piss jetted against the toilet bowl. Her piss wet hands caressed her bladder bulge which was deflating slowly.

Tess considered yesterday, throughout the day at work she had drunk continuously from her large coffee mug which she liked to use for both tea and coffee alternatively. Her bladder ended up being quite huge by the end of the day, years of self training had left her with an enormous bladder. Her tight pencil skirt kept it from displaying its full size.

By eight o.clock she left work and caught the train home by which time she was rather desperate but she was more desperately tired, so she simply undressed and instantly crashed out on her big bed.

Tess continued to piss hard for two minuits before it turned into a gentle stream and then it dribbled to a stop. She had pissed so hard that she got alot of splash back from the toilet. Tess squeezed out a thick shot of piss and then another until she was completely empty.

She leaned forward and let out a large fart, it was loud and echoed in the bathroom. Satisfied her still damp hand went to her sopping pussy and neaded and rubbed at it in till she orgasmed, her body shuddering violently, translucent juices joined the mess and coated her hand, some dripping into the toilet water and piss below.

Now satisfied, Tess stood and made her way to the shower.

She shampooed her long wavy dark brown hair. Hot steaming water ran down her honey tanned skin and deflected off all her curves. Soap foam slid down her foam, some collecting in her enormous bust.

She would often catch people in the streets staring at her breasts, so large were they. She was above average weight and size, huge breasts, smallest at the waist, a large jiggly butt and thick thighs. Some might call her fat, but most would call it sexy.

Clean and dried off she went to her draws and pulled out a short, thin, summer dress and pulled it on. It was white with a blue flower pattern. It clung to her curves attractively, the hem stopping half thigh and draping loosely round her upper thighs and lovely buttocks. Feeling horny she decided not to ware a bra or knickers (she is a nudist, remember). The top part of the dress was held up by a string tied behind her neck. The material barely covered her ample breasts which jiggled and bounced freely within their confines, nipples threatening to slip free every time she made a sudden move.

She pulled her hair up into a loose bun, slipped on some strapy heels, slapped on some make-up, sunglasses, grabbed her purse and then trotted out the door.

Chapter 2

Tess was a 23 year old curvaceous brunette.

It's the weekend and Tess decides to spend the day holding at the beach. She has on a thin, short and revealing summer dress and strapy heels. She caries in her a hand bag a one litre water bottle and some cash.

Tess reaches into her handbag and pulls out a one litre water bottle and starts chugging. Once half empty she refilled the bottle and continued her way to the beach.

On her walk she took secret pleasure at seeing various men come in their pants as she walked past and even more pleasure at spotting a number of women trying not to stare, red faced and looking unstable on their feet. She she swung her hips smiled prettily and made sure her bust bounced alluringly in their direction.

It was morning and she was feeling rather hungry. She stopped by a cafe, ordered a large coffee and an Eggs Benedict knowing from previous experience their large coffee cups were bowl sized and they piled their plates of eggs Benedicts high with food.

She sat at a small table at the window, enjoying the feeling of her bare pussy touching the chilly wooden seat of her chair. By the time the food had come she had finished her coffee and so ordered another one.

Feeling full, well watered and energised she left the cafe and walked down the road to the beach. It was a little breezy and Tess had to hold on to the front of her dress to stop it from lifting up, the back of the dress would occasionally flutter up however, flashing anyone behind her huge gorgeous ass.

The beach was crowded with people and beach umbrellas, Tess chose a spot close to the drinking fountain and a hotdog vendor. She reached into her hand bag and pulled out a towel to lie on, a floppy wide brimed sun hat, sunscreen and a softcover novel. After putting some sunscreen on and her sun hat, she tucked her skirt into her buttocks so it won't flip up, lay on her towel and commenced reading her book, all the while sipping her water bottle.

At mid day Tess sat up. It was four hours since she first arrived and during that four hours she had refilled her water bottle three times and got herself five hotdogs from the hotdog stand. Having drunk about four and a half litres her bladder had swelled considerably, her lower abdomen bulging out somewhat, but Tess ignored it. The urge to piss was a small annoyance and new her bladder could hold much more. In addition to the bladder bulge, her stomach was further bulged by all the food she had eaten earlier. It grumbled and churned creating quite the food baby.

Feeling uncomfortable and over heated, Tess looked out at the sea, wishing she had her bikini with her so she can go swimming. She considered going in her dress but knew the dress turned translucent when wet, then she really would be showing all!

Sweating a little and feeling dehydrated, she gulped at her water bottle again, her bladder gave a little protest at the additional water being pumped into it and Tess gently caressed it to sooth the dull ache. The bladder settled down. She continued eating hotdogs.

After another two hours, she was quite desperate. Farts had been escaping her tightly clenched ass hole consistently for an hour now.

Something churned and bubbled and shifted in her packed colon and there was a growing pain. Tess Gasped and clenched harder, her hands going to her but cheeks. A huge fart was threatening to escape! The gas kept on building up rapidly, she looked pregnant she was so swollen. The pain grew the more swollen her colon got.

She staggered as she quickly got up. For a moment she bent over groaning and wriggling on the spot. Her eyes locked on the public toilets down the beach and started to speed walk towards them, her ass hole threatening to open with every step she took.

The last few steps he ran into the restrooms, threw open one of the stalls, went in and collapsed on the small toilet.

With the door shut, she groaned, leaned forward and relaxed her sphincter. immediately her sphincter was blown violently open by the huge 12 second long fart. It was loud ,violent and echoed in the stall. Her dress fluttered from the force of it, her stomach deflating a little bit and she started to sweat. It cut off for a moment her sphincter clenching. Tess felt the relief from this release gave a little moan. She had to hold herself in the front to stop her piss from escaping. The pain built up again and she let out another long fart, it was 9 seconds long and was gentler than the other one. A fine brown mist sprayed out from between her huge cheeks with this fart, speckling the wall behind her in brown flecks. It sounded airy and slightly bubbly, then stopped.

Tess didn't have time to have time to enjoy the relief however when her stomach suddenly churned violently and a huge hard turd pressed against her quickly clenched ass hole. The mess in her bulging bowels bubbled and shifted further downwards, putting further pressure on her ass.

Tess squirmed and bounced on the toilet seat

" Not yet!"

She stood up suddenly hoping to hold on further, but then her stomach cramped, forcing Tess to bend over, her ass wriggling in the air as the tip of a huge turd forced it's way out. It was rounded and smooth and her ass hole had to stretch wider and wider as the log inched its way out.

Tess was trembling, sweat coated her body and dripped off her now exposed boobs.

Her stomach cramped again and the log grew faster, Tess couldn't get a proper breath it was so huge.

She pushed and grunted loudly, it broke and fell in the toilet splashing the back of Tess's legs. Tess crouched over the toilet and continued to push and grunt as thick soft turds were rapidly ejected into the toilet. The toilet was rather small and the huge smelly turds started to pile up. Tess stopped for a moment to catch her breath. Her stomach no longer bulged as it had done before.

There was still a bit left so she pushed again and liquid shit squirted out for 7 seconds. It coated the shit-pile and a few strings of it splashed on the toilet seat.

Exhausted, Tess leaned up against the door, her sweaty pillowy breasts squashed against her chest, sweat dripping from her soaked body.

She wriggled slightly as she clutched her pussy, getting her bladder back in control.

Tired but somewhat recovered, she wiped between her cheeks and her ass hole with a scrunch of toilet paper and placed it on top of the pile of shit. The peak of which poked a couple of inches above the toilet seat. Flies started to Buzz around it.

Tess adjusted her sweat damp dress to cover her nipples again, washed her hands and walked out. She wobbled slightly on unsteady legs and never minded the smell of shit that still clung to her.

Chapter three

Tess, the 23 year old, curvaceous brunette was full of piss and more was continuing to be added to her tank of a bladder.

Having shat her brains out three hours ago, Tess's bladder had more room to expand. And expand it did as Tess continued to guzzle bottle after bottle of water. Now extremely hydrated, her kidneys pumped all of it into her cavernous bladder. She looked ready to give birth.

In the past three hours she had joined a group of young beach goers and enjoyd herself chatting and flirting with them. One time she got into a wrestling match with another girl of similar build. Tess's dress becoming completely disarray, nipples slipping free and her dress bunched up to expose all, huge wobbling ass and her now sandy privates. There were Moist shorts and bikini bottoms galore.

The wrestling definitely increased the intensity of her needing to piss, the other girl would knock and squeeze her large, bulging bladder. After which both were thoroughly tired and sweaty and Tess had won, she had to squeeze and rub her pussy, exposing hersef in front of the group to get herself under control again. More moist and sticky bottoms.

It was heading into the afternoon and the group started to disperse and Tess began on the journey home.

Trouble was, her bladder had stretched so much, it was making it difficult for her to walk normally.

Throughout the day She had drunk about ten or eleven litres of liquids, non of which has escaped past her urethra.

Her dress was stretched tightly across the bulge raising the hem of the dress so she had to occasionally tug it down again to try and cover her naked pussy.

Tess walked stiffly along the footpath, hands clenched to her sides, her bladder aching and pulsing for her to piss with every step.

Suddenly her bladder was hit with urgency, squeezing and throbbing, Tess convolsed and jammed a hand in her pussy, the urgency increased, her lips red and swollen, her clit twitching with need, her fingers pressed hard and a squirt splashed out, wetting her hand, increasing her urgency. She squirmed, butt bouncing in the air as she doubled over. Another longer squirt escaped past her fingers onto her legs, then another! Panicking Tess clenched hard her sphincter letting one more squirt go before firmly closing again. She continued to hold herself as the urgency died down. Her bladder sloshed threatening, she could feel it stretch more as piss continued to be pumped in. Tess moaned loudly.

She could see her building by now and squirted again as she whimpered in relief.

She hobbled over to the building her wet hand buried in her crotch. Her other hand clutching her purse.

Inside the building she stepped inside the lift. The doors closed. Tess pressed the number for her floor and the lift started to rise slowly. Suddenly it gave a shudder and then halted. Tess was trapped!

A burning sensation started in her bladder, she squeaked and a jet of piss shot past her fingers hitting the dirty lift floor. Her bladder pulsed and more squirts jetted out, Tess jerking with every squirt, she fell to her knees as the squirts became longer, 2,3,5, second long, one wouldn't stop! It jetted out of her with force. She made a desperate decision.

Moaning and whimpering she dropped her hand bag and squatted over it, piss started pouring into it. As she pissed, she caressed her bulge, stroking softly. Her piss grew stronger in intensity and width, producing a loud hiss. Her piss splashed and filled the bag. Eventually It over flowed.

Trying to reposition herself, she slipped on the soaking wet floor, landing on her bag, piss splashed everywhere. Piss splashing up in her face, open mouth and exposed breasts. landing on her bladder, her cunt briefly turned into a fire hose. She got up onto all fours trembling and squeezed her bladder muscles harder the thick jet of piss pumped out violently against the metal side of the lift. It pumped and pumped and pumped, it just kept on coming, Tess orgasmed twice, she collapsed on the soaked floor and rubbed her body against it rolling and thrusting. Still peeing, she soaked herself in the two inch lake she had created, her hair and her dress coated in piss.

The piss slowed to a normal pressure for a minute then died off. Five minutes of peeing had produced a pool of piss in the lift which Tess now lay in. She gave one final weak moan and orgasmed again.

The lift shuddered to life again and started rising. Stopping at her floor, the lift dinged and the doors slid open. A small tidal wave washed out onto the hallway carpet, creating a huge smelly puddle.

Tess was now almost too exhausted to stand. Her was dress translucent and yellow with piss. She heaved herself up, staggering and dripped down the hall to her door. Opening it and stepped inside.

She immediately had a shower, washing her hair and body, her dress still on. After, she slipped out of it, dried herself off and and fell into her bed were she fell instantly asleep. Never mind the pee stain from earlier or the wet pissy floor from this morning.

She was so exhausted and content that she completely forgot that she had left her squashed piss purse in the lift.

End note;

Please forgive me for my poor writing skills, this is my first complete fic ever and the first one posted online. I have admired many of the fics on this site for a while now and felt influenced to write a story of my own. Thank you for your patience.

*003*2017-04-27 00:26

{{Just now, Bellatrix1 said:

That was very good

}}

Thank you!

*004*2017-04-27 00:27

{{Just now, Mrmesser94 said:

Great story

}}

Thanks!

*006*2017-05-05 14:01

{{6 hours ago, Nikeryda said:

I enjoyed the unrealistic bladder size.

}}

Yes. I love exaggerated bladders. It's a kink of mine.

