Lexi's afternoon commute

Author: breedablewette

*000*2025-09-24 11:49

Hi everyone! This is my first shot at an omo fic, I hope people like it!

___

Lexi lived for matcha frappes. Who doesn’t? She didn’t think anything as she hopped on her usual train home with her favourite drink in hand. It was only a thirty minute journey to the next station, and her next train came frequently enough that she could spare a few minutes to visit the bathroom on days the matcha frappe went right through her.

She took a selfie with the cup. Her dark brown hair contrasted with her pink top, and the lighting on the metro was surprisingly good today. She wore eyeliner and false lashes today, which made her blue eyes pop.

Absentmindedly, she flicked through her phone as she sipped. By the time she zoned back in, the cup was already empty. Damn. She would have to wait till next week for her next one — they weren’t cheap, but they were her favourite treat. There was a bin on the train and she threw the empty cup in.

A voice came on the speaker. ‘Good afternoon passengers. Unfortunately there has been a delay due to a signal fault. It should only be about ten minutes. We will keep you updated. Thank you for your patience.’

Ugh! Of course. Lexi had so much to do when she got home. First of all, she needed to clean the shower. The thought of running water drew her attention to the slightest twinge in her bladder. It didn’t worry her, though. She would be at the station in thirty minutes, maybe forty at the most. She could hold it that long.

Lexi returned her attention to her phone, scrolling through videos until she came across one of a waterfall. It made her realise she had been squeezing her legs. Blushing, she relaxed her posture, hoping no one else saw. Her seat faced the middle of the train, and people were sitting across from her. They all seemed engrossed in their own phones, talking to each other, or reading books, but she didn’t want to draw any attention. Her need had grown noticeably worse. She checked the time and saw that fifteen minutes had passed since the announcement.

Just then, the voice came back to the speaker. ‘Apologies passengers. We’re going to be stuck here another ten minutes.’

Oh god. Ten minutes! Lexi tried not to squeeze again. She would be all right for another thirty minutes, but she would need to go as soon as she got to the station. The need had never crept up this fast. It must be the delay that was making her need worse.

The ten minutes crawled on, her bladder growing fuller with each one. Then finally the train was in motion. She breathed a sigh of relief, but it wasn’t over yet. As the train moved through the underground railways, her need went from ‘You should go soon’ to ‘Go as soon as possible’. The pressure kept building the whole journey, and she could no longer avoid squeezing her thighs, and she started squirming too. She was wearing light blue jeans, so she really didn’t want to lose any. Not that she would. She was 21 now.

As the train neared her station, the possibility that she might actually lose it became all the more real. She really really had to go. She was trying her best to shift her weight subtly, to try and clench her muscles.

Then it happened — something that had never happened in her adult life. No matter how hard she tried, a spurt of pee came out. She gasped. Some people looked, and she was bright red now. They didn’t seem to have noticed her predicament, or if they had they were politely looking away.

Trying to be careful about it, she inspected the damage to her jeans. There was a tiny wet patch. Okay, you can do it, Lexi. Hold the rest.

Finally, the train pulled into the station. She had to pause as she stood, otherwise it would all leak out of her. She could imagine her puddle running down the train. Mortified at the thought, she hurried onto the platform, trying not to lose any more as she did. A small leak wet her jeans though, and she could feel it seeping to the back of her pants. She managed to stop the leak as she neared the toilets.

You can’t be serious, Lexi thought. A queue! It was only three girls long. But gosh, she couldn’t handle it. She bounced on her feet for a moment before joining it.

‘Excuse me,’ she said to the girl in front. ‘But it’s kind of an emergency. Can I please go in front of you?’

The girl shook her head. ‘I’m sorry, but I really need to go too. My train got delayed by the signal fault.’

Oh no. All the trains seemed to be coming into the station right now.

The line moved. She could do this. She stepped up ahead, behind the girl who was also desperate. Lexi noticed that she was also swaying from side to side. Trying to take her mind off it, Lexi looked at her phone, but she couldn’t concentrate on anything except the burning need in her bladder. She was shaking now, and tears were in her eyes. She still had another train to catch. She couldn’t lose it. She couldn’t. The line moved more, but it was so slow.

As she lifted her eyes from her phone, she saw a small wet patch growing on the back of the girl in front’s light grey shorts. At least Lexi wouldn’t be the only one, she thought. The patch stopped growing as the girl came to the front of the queue.

She could do this she could do this she could —

Her bladder pushed without her trying, and it didn’t seem like it was stopping. She stared down at her pants. They were wet almost to midthigh. Miraculously, the pee stopped, but it was apparent on her pants. ‘Oh my god,’ she whispered.

The girl in front looked back at her. ‘I know. It’s so bad.’

‘I don’t think I’m going to make it,’ said Lexi, tears falling down her face. ‘This is so embarrassing.’

‘You can do it,’ said the girl. She was half bent over, openly grabbing her crotch. Another stream of pee started, running down the girl’s leg. ‘Oh god please hurry please —’ A woman walked out of the bathroom and the girl rushed in, almost knocking the other woman over.

Lexi couldn’t even walk forward without leaking. Her bladder was stretched beyond anything she could remember. She leaked even as she waddled into the bathroom, and saw all the stalls still full.

There were lots of girls washing and drying their hands, and some of them looked at Lexi. Some were surprised, and others sympathetic. Lexi’s face burned. Maybe if one stall opened up right now —

To Lexi’s horror, she completely lost control right then. The pee pushed out of her without her trying. Part of her was ecstatic at finally ending the release. Part of her was already thinking of walking through the station in wet jeans. Everyone was staring at her now. the wet patch spread across her jeans, and the light blue fabric did nothing to disguise it.

Oh my god oh my god this is the most embarrassing day of my life she thought to herself.

The pee splattered on the tiles as she stood there for almost a minute, her jeans darkening. It just wouldn't stop. It hissed out of her, warm and wet. She couldn’t look up in case she met anyone’s eyes as her own filled with tears.

Finally, the stream slowed then stopped, but Lexi’s predicament was far from over. She still needed to walk out of here with the evidence of her failure showing plain for the world to see. And worse, she needed to sit on the next train home, then get back to her apartment without being seen.

This was the worst day of her life, but there was another feeling about it too. She hated to admit it, but the accident turned her on. She would deal with that newfound information later. For now, she needed to face the crowd in her wet jeans.

