At a diner

Author: Bladder_Queen

*000*2022-01-03 18:08

I had driven past this diner ever since I got a job down the road as a forklift driver. It seemed small, and I looked up the menu online so I would already know what I wanted when I went in. Looking through the front windows as I parked, the restaurant appeared to be quite empty. There was one girl standing behind the counter that she was wiping down. She looked up at me when she heard the front door creak open.

“Are you guys closing?” I asked her from the doorway.

“In an hour, you’re fine!” a beautiful smile stretched across her face. She was short, yet buxom.

I flashed her a smile of my own and walked over to sit at the counter. She set a glass of ice water and silverware wrapped in a paper napkin out for me, reaching for an order pad adorned in sharpie with what I assumed must be her name, “Fiona.”

‘Do you need a menu?” she asked. The way she said this came out a bit more strained than her initial greeting, almost rushed.

“No thanks, I actually know what I want. Can I have two eggs scrambled, sausage patties, hash browns, and wheat toast please?” As I said this, she quickly wrote it down, but wobbled a bit as she did so.

“Okay, coming right up!” She turned away to put my order in. As she walked I could see her squeezing her thighs together, her steps small and quick. Not to say she could not part them; the way the lower half of her legs frayed out as she walked exposed how tightly she was holding her body.

“Are you okay?” I asked, pointing to her leg bouncing as she hung my order up on the kitchen’s ring, crossing her legs back and forth as she turned back to me.

“Yeah, it’s just… well never mind,” she said, turning away towards the kitchen. I left it at that, thinking she was going to take care of whatever was wrong, but she came back with butter and jelly for my toast looking just as unrelieved as when she had left.

“Are you sure?” I asked , noticing now a subtle sense of urgency in her eyes.

“Actually… to be honest, my boss doesn’t let me use the bathroom while I’m working. I have to hold it in all day, even when we aren’t busy.” she looked down at herself, embarrassed by how she contorts her body.

“That’s really not fair to you… you can go right now,” I glanced around the restaurant in search of her boss, “I promise I won’t tell.”

“The cooks would tell on me… or my boss could walk in at any second… I just….” she said, struggling to get a full sentence out.

“That can be really dangerous, you should really go-” I began to say, until she let out an angry moan and gripped her side of the counter. She pushed herself forward and leaned hard against the wall behind her. She began to blush red, and look down at herself. As I followed her eyes, I noticed the spotting over the crotch of her pants. I looked away as quickly as possible.

“You can go… you should really just go…” I said quietly, as to not embarrass her in front of her coworkers. She reached down and cupped her bladder.

“No… ugh. It’s too late, I won’t make it,” she whispered back. Then she turned around and hobbled forward. I could hear small drips of pee leaking onto the floor. She pulled down a cup from the stack next to the soda machine, then turned to me.

“Please don’t tell anyone about this…” she pleaded. I gave her a nod with a concerned expression on my face because I really did not know what she was going to do.

I heard her unzip her pants and she tugged them down just above her knees. She put the cup between her legs, and that’s when I heard the heaviest and fastest stream of pee, rushing into the cup. For a moment, she had a look of relief on her face, but then it faded. She stopped her stream and put the full glass of pee onto the counter next to me. She leaned back again, grabbed another cup, and continued her process until that cup was full again. She repeated the process, over and over again until she was finally finished. I had never experienced a boner as hard as the one she gave me as she filled each cup. It was difficult to contain myself as my cock pressed up against the tight jeans I wore to work. She had filled four of the soda cups up with pee, just with her own bladder, not counting the puddle at her feet.

“I am so sorry… I will comp your meal and any meals you have going forward, that was so embarrassing…” She zipped her pants up and quickly grabbed all four of the cups to go dump out.

“No… uh… don’t worry, okay?” I turned towards and watched her dump all of the cups into the sink. When she turned back around to me, I could tell my secret was out. Her eyes went straight to the outline of my hard cock.

“Oh. I didn’t realize that impacted you that way?” she blushed and smiled a little “Was that from taking my pants off in front of you or the… the…”

“It was from that, yeah… I don’t know why, I really have never reacted that way before to something like that. But you just… you had so much. I don’t mean to be inappropriate.” I confessed, unable to deny my blatant arousal from her bladder bursting display.

“Can I tell you a secret?” she whispers, leaning in close to me. “Sometimes I like to hold my pee even when I’m not working. I’ll drink and drink until my bladder is so full it bulges!” My already aching cock throbbed, begging for release as I drowned in a pool of my own lust.

I stammered for something to say as she continued: “When I finally can’t stand it anymore I go into a big container and measure how much I was able to hold. My record is one and a half liters right now, but I’m holding more and more with each attempt!” I couldn’t believe what I was hearing; if she was being truthful she was only half a liter away from having a bladder capable of holding half a gallon.

“You like holding? Really?” I ask her, feeling for a moment that she’s only messing with me.

“Yep! Not as much as you seem to enjoy it though.” She motioned down with her eyes, giggling and biting her lip. “Maybe you’d enjoy watching me do this type of thing again sometime? My last boyfriend and I didn’t see eye to eye on many things, this included.” Before I could say “yes” she had written her phone number down on a piece of scrap paper and was pressing it into my palm.

“You have to buy the drinks though.” She winked at me as she walked through the double-swing doors leading to the kitchen.

