Tales from a Country Where Women Don't Pee

Author: BartleyZumboza

*000*2022-05-17 20:01

Howdy everyone! Some of my favorite stories on this site are the ones set in some kind of dystopian hellhole where there are laws prohibiting or restricting female urination - it's an exciting fantasy to think about, albeit a horrific human rights violation if applied in real life. This got me thinking, though, what about a society where there aren't necessarily these dystopian laws restricting restroom access, but holding is just kind of a peculiar custom that's been part of a culture for as long as anyone can remember? What if the people there don't really feel the need to pass any laws on the subject because that's just the way they've always done things? I wrote this little summary of a bizarre country with bizarre customs that others may find repulsive, but hey, that's just the way they like to live!

- Bart Z.

I come from a small island nation in the Indian Ocean called the Kingdom of Jalabhumi. We are quite remote and removed from the rest of the world, but we have gradually begun to open up to the world in recent years. Most people don’t even know our country exists, but the people who do know about us are always highly impressed by our unique culture and stunning natural landscapes.

The people of Jalabhumi are a mix of the many different groups who settled on our island over the years, ancient navigators who came from Southern India, the eastern coast of Africa, Sumatra, and Java. The Jalabhumese language is Dravidian in origin, somewhat related to Malayalam, but with some Bantu and Austronesian elements. Our religion is polytheistic and unlike any other in the world. Our cuisine is largely based on fish, nuts, and fruits, with our island’s fertile soil producing the juiciest and sweetest fruits you can possibly imagine.

Our society is highly matriarchal and our monarchy is matrilineal, with women largely dominating society and politics from the very earliest days of our country’s foundation. In fact, men were not even granted the right to vote until 1997, as our formerly reclusive nation gradually began to be exposed to the outside world. Women are traditionally viewed as the indispensable overseers of the country, mothers, matriarchs, and carriers of children. Men are viewed as the more dispensable, dedicated warriors willing to die to protect the nation and its women, collect food, and provide the seed for the next generation.

As you can tell, our culture is extremely unique. However, quite possibly the most unique cultural trait about our country is something that often astonishes visitors more than anything else about us. Many who come here hate this practice, or think it’s a savage way of thinking by an “uncivilized” nation, but I have come to this website because I think I may have found the one group of people in the world who will appreciate this ancient custom so dear to us.

You see, in our culture, it is viewed as socially unacceptable for women to urinate, at least in the manner and frequency that they do in most other parts of the world. Girls are trained to hold large amounts of liquid in their bladders from adolescence onwards. By the age of 20, a woman is expected to be able to go at least, at the very, VERY least, 48 hours of drinking a large volume of liquid without allowing one drop to escape her bladder. Women’s restrooms are practically nonexistent in this country and the majority of women adamantly oppose any effort to build any new ones to accommodate the growing tourist industry.

Women here largely view unlimited access to urination as a barbaric and disgusting foreign custom, entirely alien to, and incompatible with Jalabhumese values. Foreigners who come here are often viewed as disrespectful for demanding more restrooms and for urinating openly in the sea and in the forests. While we are grateful for the increased volume of visitors who have come here in recent years to contribute to our economy, we only wish they could respect the local customs a little more and not try to impose their alien way of life on our country.

This custom is not something we would normally even think about on a day to day basis. Jalabhumese women view a perpetually full bladder as a mundane part of daily living; part and parcel of the experience of womanhood. Free urination is considered to be a habit of men, an example of men’s perceived lack of self-control, whether sexually or otherwise. A woman’s ability to control her bladder shows dignity, discipline, and self-restraint.

The only time we really think about our custom is when foreign women (or more rarely, the occasional undisciplined Jalabhumese woman) either urinates uncontrollably or complains about needing to urinate. To give an example in more familiar terms, it’s like how you might not think about how rude and uncivilized it is to belch or fart in polite company until you see someone doing it. Or perhaps if you see someone cough in someone’s face instead of covering their mouth. With our country’s newfound popularity amongst travelers, we have been forced to look inward and truly think about how different our customs are from other places.

The custom of women holding their urine in rather than releasing it is an ancient one, and is even baked into Jalabhumi’s traditional religion and our national origin myth. On this island, we worship many gods and goddesses, but the highest among them is the great Goddess Anakketta. In the past, other gods were worshipped to a higher degree than they are today, but devotion to Anakketta has served us so well over the years that She is widely considered to be the symbol of the nation.

According to the ancient texts, Anakketta was once a simple island girl born in a time dominated by men. In this time, everyone let their waters loose freely without any thought. Anakketta was considered a very strange girl because she would drink and drink and drink, her bladder would expand, and she would hold it all in. The men of the island were repulsed by her habits and made fun of her, but the women were impressed and many of them joined her. The men, frightened by their wives participating in such a strange activity, banished Anakketta to the hills and forbade their wives from keeping their bladders full.

But one day, after a storm, an enormous tidal wave appeared, threatening to drown everyone on the island. The men who banished Anakketta realized they had no one else to turn to. They rushed to the hills and called upon her to save them. And so, she opened her mouth wide, swallowed the giant wave, and held back the flood. No matter how full her bladder got, she did not leak one drop.

It was at this moment when the simple girl Anakketta became a goddess. As the men of the island bowed to Her and apologized for their mistake, She forgave them, but She also asked the islanders to abide by Her rules: She will continue to hold back the flood and protect the island, but she cannot do it alone. All women must help her by holding back their own floods. They must drink and drink and drink, let their bladders expand, and hold it all in, just as Anakketta had done for them.

But the men objected. They told the Goddess that they couldn’t possibly hold in their waters the way women do. But Anakketta simply smiled, and answered that She does not need the help of men. Since the men have demonstrated that they do not have the spiritual strength that women do, they cannot be trusted to maintain discipline with such a task. So, the men of the island would be free to release their waters as much as they want, but as a consequence, they will lose their dominant position in society and the women would rule. The islanders all agreed to these terms, and thus, the nation of Jalabhumi was born. To this day, the Goddess Anakketta is believed to be a dam protecting Jalabhumi, and the women of the island are the maintenance workers, working hard to make sure She stays intact.

Religious devotion to Anakketta is pervasive in all aspects of society. Obviously, a human woman cannot hold her urine forever like a powerful Goddess can. But when a Jalabhumese woman does eventually succumb to the inevitable need to empty her bladder, there is a ritual that must be done first. Jalabhumese women, typically in groups, will approach an altar dedicated to Anakketta and recite a prayer thanking Her for continuing to hold back the flood. Once finished, each woman will urinate into a container while praying to Anakketta to take on the liquid that they were unable to hold. The urine is then taken by a priestess to be poured into the ocean, which is believed to represent the infinite bladder capacity of the Goddess.

Men such as myself, on the other hand, typically just pee into the ocean whenever we want. We do pray to Anakketta and thank her constantly for not giving us this burden. We are grateful for our wives and girlfriends and mothers and sisters for sacrificing comfort, and we devote ourselves to protecting them and making them happy. And of course, I won’t lie and say that most Jalabhumese men aren’t intensely attracted to a woman who can hold a lot of liquid for a long time. It is a major turn on for myself and many of my male friends to see a bulging bladder on a woman. While some of us are impressed by the beauty of foreign women, sorry ladies, but most Jalabhumese men won’t even approach women unless we can see how full your bladder is. We view women as the backbone of our society. They protect us spiritually, while we defend them physically.

One such woman for whom the people of Jalabhumi have the utmost devotion, is our Queen, Archita Ottakam XIV. She is a member of the Ottakam dynasty, perhaps one of the oldest reigning dynasties in the world. Much like how the Emperors of Japan were traditionally believed to be the descendants of Amaterasu, we believe that the Queen of Jalabhumi is the direct descendant of Anakketta. Only women are allowed to reign as monarch, just as Anakketta commanded. It is often said that the royals of Jalabhumi have the most powerful bladders in the entire world. Queen Archita herself is said to only empty her bladder once every year - and while we often like to believe that for fun, we all know it’s just an exaggeration.

However, her capacity is extremely impressive, even for Jalabhumese standards. She is often spotted in public sporting a humongous bladder bulge, making her look eight months pregnant. While seeing bladder bulges are extremely common in our country, hers is amongst the largest. Royal women are trained from an early age to expand their bladder capacities as much as possible. It takes an extreme amount of discipline and prayer to Anakketta. The women of this country adore and admire our Queen and seek to model themselves and their lives after her.

We believe that our faith in the Goddess Anakketta and Her ability to hold back the flood has helped us remain an independent kingdom, uninterrupted by any foreign invaders for millennia. Throughout the colonial period, many a European empire tried to claim our island and failed spectacularly. First came the Portuguese, and then the Dutch, and then the French, and then the British. And one by one, we fought them off. As India, Africa, and Indochina fell prey to European forces, we held back the flood and remained a self-governing nation. In 1941, as other nations fell to the Japanese, we held back the flood. In 1961, when India invaded Goa, they also tried to invade us, but we held back the flood. Today, as China and the United States squabble for influence all over Asia, we hold back the flood.

And it doesn’t even just end at protecting our nation from foreign invaders, but also from the danger of rising tides. Neighboring islands such as the Maldives, the British Indian Ocean Territory, and the Indian state of Lakshadweep are all in danger of sinking into the sea as climate change causes the sea level to rise. Yet despite our close proximity to these nations, our island is protected by its geography - it is high enough to avoid flooding and its hilly landscape gives us ample protection whenever a storm comes. We believe that Anakketta protects us by holding back the flood, and our continued maintenance of our tradition honors Her sacrifice to us. We owe all our respects to Anakketta, and thus, we continue to practice the tradition that we believe honors Her and the protection She bestows.

This is why we hold this custom so closely to our hearts. It is as important to the Jalabhumese religion as it is for Muslims to avoid eating pork - such a custom may seem strange to outsiders, but if you come from an Islamic background, you’d be just as shocked to see someone who professes to be a Muslim eating bacon as I would be to see a Jalabhumese woman shamelessly emptying her bladder.

As I have said, you all here on omorashi.org are probably one of the only groups of people who appreciate and respect our unique custom for what it is. I hope to one day see some of you in my country, and to participate in our ancient customs! Please let me know if there are any questions you have about my country. I would be happy to answer!

Thank you.

*010*2022-05-19 17:05

I’m glad so many of you are interested in my country! I’ve received so many great questions I don’t know where to start, but I’ll do my best to answer them. But first, I’d like to clarify some things.

One thing I didn’t mention is some of the terminology we use in our country. I initially decided against inundating foreigners with all sorts of unfamiliar terms, but my wife convinced me that it is important for outsiders to know these terms, so that when you all come here, you know what these things mean. The religious and cultural practice of a Jalabhumese woman maintaining a full bladder is called Niranyu, a word that roughly means “fullness”. It has a double meaning of both physical and spiritual fullness.

Niranyu, as you know, is the practice by which our women honor the Goddess Anakketta, who with her infinitely expanding bladder and tightly sealed openings, holds back the flood and protects Jalabhumi. The ritual by which women release the liquid they can no longer bear the burden of holding is called Anakketta Chearccha. “Chearccha” is a word which roughly means “leak”, and the ritual, if done with respect and reverence, is believed to pass the burden onto the Goddess Anakketta. A woman who does not respect Anakketta’s commands and urinates whenever she wants is pejoratively referred to as a jaladhara. Think of this word as you might think of the words “slut” or “whore”. These are very important and common words to know if you ever come here!

And now onto answering some of the questions you have all asked:

The question of whether foreign women should be punished for urinating has actually been a hotly debated topic in this country for the past few years. Traditionally, there has been no need for any type of legal regulation on women’s peeing habits, as Niranyu has always been a voluntary, albeit socially enforced practice. There have been Jalabhumese women all throughout history who have disobeyed the Goddess Anakketta’s commands, but there has never been a precedent of legal punishment against these individuals. It has always been more of a matter of social ostracization. A jaladhara would be regarded much in the same way as a conservative Christian community would regard the town harlot - a rogue individual who rejects societal norms. But no criminal punishment has ever befallen these individuals. Since the overwhelming majority of Jalabhumese women practice Niranyu, the occasional jaladhara was not considered to be a widespread problem.

Now, however, with the influx of foreign travelers who have wildly different values from those we have here in Jalabhumi, this debate has reached the highest levels of government. In 2018, Prime Minister Harinakshi Karuna introduced a piece of legislation that would have resulted in prison sentences and forced urinary retention for any woman deemed to be a jaladhara, including foreign travelers. Thankfully, the bill was rejected by Parliament before it could be passed into law. I thoroughly oppose any effort to turn Jalabhumi into some sort of urinary prison camp for women whose bladders aren’t strong enough to handle our unique way of life. The last thing I want is for my country to be regarded as a Singapore-style police state that harshly punishes clueless foreigners for things that aren’t even crimes where they come from.

Far-right politicians like PM Karuna are nothing but demagogues - snake oil peddlers who run their campaigns on fear. Her supporters are afraid that the growing influence of the outside world is changing Jalabhumi in ways from which we cannot recover. This is a ridiculous assertion, as we have a long history of preserving our culture and holding back the flood. As far as I’m concerned, legislation like that is incompatible with Jalabhumese values. It is insulting to our Goddess Anakketta and contrary to the voluntary spirit of Niranyu. Not once in the history of our country have we needed laws to regulate women’s bladders and we certainly don’t need them now. After all, if the British Royal Navy was no match for us, what can a bunch of obnoxious tourists accomplish? Is your faith in Anakketta not strong enough, PM Karuna?

Granted, even liberal-minded individuals such as myself often get uncomfortable seeing so many foreigners take advantage of our hospitality while completely disregarding our culture. I understand that it’s not easy for women who aren’t from here to hold as much as a native can, but we only wish they would take the time to at least make the attempt to practice Niranyu and Anakketta Chearccha. Anakketta is a loving and forgiving Goddess, and She understands the limitations of the human body, as long as one makes at least some effort. The question of what would happen to foreign women who want to follow Anakketta’s commands has a very, very simple answer: We will welcome them with open arms! This is precisely why I have come here. On this website is quite perhaps the largest concentration of foreigners who would not only tolerate our culture, but embrace and even adopt it!

In fact, my own wife is not originally from here, but from Kerala, India. (A side note: Of all languages, our language is most similar to Malayalam, the language spoken in Kerala. The Jalabhumese can understand Malayalam speakers far more easily than the reverse due to all the Bantu and Indonesian elements in Jalabhumese, but we can still communicate fairly well.) Back home in Kerala, she was known for having a very large bladder (by non-Jalabhumese standards) and would sometimes go full days without urinating. Coming to Jalabhumi was actually something one of her friends dared her to do, as she believed even my wife’s impressive bladder wouldn’t last 24 hours in this country. While her friend was right that she would have an extremely difficult time adjusting, my future wife was determined to prove her friend wrong. She had the strongest bladder in her hometown and she was positive that she was strong enough to get by in Jalabhumi.

At that time, I worked at one of the most visited hotels in Jalabhumi, and as a result, I interacted with lots of foreigners every day. This is why I am a little more understanding of the needs of foreigners than some others in my country. When I first met my wife, she was a guest at my hotel, and I was working up at the front desk. I always ask guests at my hotel what drew them to come to Jalabhumi. Usually the answer is something along the lines of “for the beaches” or “for the food” or “for the nature”. But when I asked this girl, she gave me an answer I’ve never heard before:

“I have the strongest bladder in my village and I have come to prove that I can handle the Jalabhumese way of life.”

This is when I knew that I had to get to know this woman. I am typically quite shy around women, but somehow, talking to her seemed so natural for me. Since my work day would be ending in a few hours, I offered to be the one to show her the ropes. She seemed eager to learn from a real Jalabhumese person and gladly accepted.

Later that evening, I arrived at her room, where I could tell she had dolled herself up a little bit. I took her out to dinner at my favorite restaurant. Our cuisine is very heavily liquid-based; lots of soups and juices. Certain fruits here in this country have strong diuretic properties. This girl wanted the full Jalabhumese experience, and she did say she wanted to test her bladder, so I ordered the foods that I thought would test her bladder the most. She told me all about her story, how she has always had a big bladder and how her friends had dared her to come here. In turn, I taught her all about the story of the Goddess Anakketta, how women practice Niranyu to honor her, and how to perform the ritual of Anakketta Chearccha. She was very happy to learn. And as we ate and drank, I managed to glance at her legs, tightly crossed and fidgeting under the table.

After dinner, I took her out into the hills for a nature walk. While foreign women often urinate in the forests, this is not something Jalabhumese women would ever dream of. It is disrespectful to Anakketta. I could tell she was struggling a little. She was walking very slowly and kept asking me to slow down so she could “catch her breath”. She was sweating, holding between her legs, and the warm smiles and lively conversation we were having earlier was gone. She was definitely getting extremely desperate.

Before I continue, let’s address one of your questions: What happens if a woman is nowhere near an altar to Anakketta and the need cannot be stopped? Thankfully, that does not happen often. Jalabhumese women typically adhere to a personal schedule, performing Anakketta Chearccha on specific days, at specific times. This schedule is worked out with friends and sisters, or whomever else typically performs the ritual with them. Niranyu is taught to girls at an early age, so by adolescence, they know what’s expected of them. By the time girls reach an age where Niranyu essentially a religious obligation, most have already developed the discipline to hold for long periods of time.

Girls have learned Niranyu from their mothers, grandmothers, aunts, older sisters, cousins, all of society. During adolescence is when girls begin to develop a schedule to adhere to, with the goal of maintaining this schedule for life. Women typically know when to avoid lengthy travel because it would interfere with their Anakketta Chearccha. Women also typically carry a small statuette of Anakketta and a small container in case an unexpected need does arise. We here in Jalabhumi understand that nobody is perfect, and sometimes, unscheduled leaks do happen. We believe that no dam is entirely leak-proof, except Goddess Anakketta, and She is a most forgiving goddess.

So yes, to a Jalabhumese woman, this is not something that would normally happen unless she is being extremely reckless. But to a foreigner like my wife, who has not grown up with the concept of Niranyu, and whose bladder is not trained like a Jalabhumese woman’s is, and who does not have a set schedule to perform Anakketta Chearccha, and who is not carrying a statuette of the Goddess and a container, traveling far out in the woods with a bursting bladder is a serious problem.

At a certain point, she was absolutely bursting to pee. The diuretic foods and juices she had thoroughly enjoyed at dinner had worked their way into her bladder and were itching to come out. She could barely move. She doubled over, legs tightly crossed, sweating and panting, tears rolling down her face. She confessed that her bladder had never been this full and she needed to get to an altar NOW. As an open-minded individual, I offered to stand guard as she peed in the forest, and nobody would ever know.

“No!” She exclaimed. “I am not a jaladhara!”

This admittedly turned me on immensely. This foreigner already cared about our customs and wanted to be one of us. She may not have had the bladder capacity yet, but she was determined to make it so. She couldn’t move and the town was a long walk away, so I picked her up and ran as fast as I could back to town. The entire way, she was praying “Please, Anakketta, give me the strength to hold back the flood.”

There are altars to Anakketta all over Jalabhumi, so finding one shouldn’t be an issue, but the one we arrived at had a small wait. There were three groups of women in front of us. My future wife, a disheveled, sobbing, desperate mess behind a group of very relaxed women casually chatting about the weather with their bulging bladders visibly protruding several inches. A Jalabhumese woman’s bladder is almost always full, but one can see the telltale signs of a woman in dire need of an Anakketta Chearccha: Slightly bouncy, legs crossed, foot tapping impatiently, shifting around, mildly swaying hips. In most other countries, these signs would indicate a mild, but pressing need to urinate. In Jalabhumi, this indicates extreme, overwhelming desperation.

As the women in front of us chatted away, I let my future wife down on the ground. She was bent over and crying. It took less than a minute before she turned to me, and said “I’m so sorry,” as the dam broke and she flooded all over the street. Two of the women in front of us turned around and gasped as she failed to stop the flood. Some people around us cast judgmental stares, until she started praying.

“I’m so sorry, Anakketta, please forgive me,” she said over and over again. The judgments of the people turned to pity as they realized the girl was a foreigner, trying as hard as she could to respect our customs. The women in front of us helped her get cleaned up and invited her to watch as they performed the ritual. We all exchanged names and contact information, and my future wife became very close friends with these two women. They became her mentors in the ways of Jalabhumese society, and she has learned so much from them over the years.

That all happened seven years ago, and my wife never returned to India. We married about a year later, and we have lived a very happy life. My wife’s bladder now rivals even some girls who have lived here their entire lives. She has truly assimilated into Jalabhumese culture, learned the language, and even gained full citizenship two years ago. So yes, foreign women who love our customs and want to partake can even become Jalabhumese if they put in enough time and dedication!

One of the women my wife and I became friends with that day is now pregnant with her first child, which gives us a great opportunity to discuss another great question. Obviously, women need to pee more frequently when they’re pregnant. Here in Jalabhumi, we recognize that fact, and so pregnant women typically practice a reduced form of Niranyu with more frequent Anakketta Chearccha. When a woman is pregnant, a common practice is for her friends or sisters to reduce their visits to the altar and increase their liquid intake to maintain balance - this is informally called “double Niranyu”. This sometimes results in funny situations where a pregnant woman’s sister will have such a big bladder bulge that she will appear to be further along in pregnancy! It can be difficult, especially when a woman is used to a specific Annakketta Chearccha schedule, but increasing one’s bladder capacity is considered a very noble task.

Currently, since my wife’s friend is pregnant, my wife is practicing double Niranyu in solidarity with her. It is sometimes very difficult for her, having not been born here, but I always encourage her and thank her for doing such a great job. Her friend, of course, will return the favor when my wife and I decide to have a child! For now, I am happy to admire my wife’s immense bladder and thank Anakketta for continuing to bless us with such a great life.

With a country as unique as my dear homeland of Jalabhumi, there is always plenty to discuss and plenty more stories to tell, so let me know if you’re curious about anything else!

