How could I regret the only life I’ve ever known?

Author: Bismiris

*000*2024-09-10 01:36

(This fic is a collaboration between myself and @EasyPezePhoebe)

May 3rd, 1860

Today was my first outing to the big city. Father finally saved up enough money to buy another horse for the farm, and seeing as I was nearing my 18th birthday he decided I was old enough to accompany him to Richmond. I had never before seen the chattel trade in person, nor had I ever been more horrified to witness such barbarity.

Bella placed her pen in the drawer next to her open diary and sniffed out the candle. She carefully slid into her bed, eyes adjusting to the darkness that now filled her small room. If it could even be called that. The Reeds were a small family of hardworking laborers. Her older brother Connor was an apprentice carpenter and he made her a fine little desk to write at for her birthday.

The single floor cabin was situated on 5 acres of land. Enough to grow crops for food and some to trade. The Reeds were not impoverished. Samuel and Lara Reed were entering their 40s, and their youngest child Arthur was turning 10. Samuel encouraged Connor to practice a trade, hoping he wouldn't have to spend his whole life toiling in the soil. Isabella was an educated young woman, something Samuel insisted upon despite the time.

However, she’d always felt like she was destined for more, for something greater than her parents, or her brothers would ever achieve, despite the fact that everything, the fact that women weren’t allowed to do much besides sit inside and work at the house, take care of the children.

She didn’t like that lifestyle, she didn’t want her future to be that — she wanted to help people, to fix the horrors she’d seen during the day..but, alas, what could she do? She was nothing much more than a farmer’s daughter.

It was with a heavy heart that she decided to try and sleep — the darkness of the room aided her in that attempt, and she drifted into some semblance of sleep — albeit a restless one.

Her dreams seemed conjoined and difficult to comprehend, they couldn’t stick to one story, constant fluctuation between a million different ideas, trying to make every single one into the main one. She felt stuck, however, like she was spinning, making herself dizzy, even. She didn’t like it, and these nightmares weren’t a first, they always happened, but one thing stayed consistent this time. The fact that she was trapped, a pawn, under someone’s thumb.

Bella’s body felt hot. Her consciousness drifted away from her body, watching her sleeping form. Smoke began to obscure her vision and dread washed over her. Bella’s view shifted to the exterior of her family’s home. The walls were engulfed in flames, armed men on horses shouted and corralled their livestock away from the farm. She could hear screaming, unable to do anything but watch. Bella woke up panicked and sweating profusely. She tore her sheets off, letting the air cool her body. Her legs were clammy, and her back was soaked. No doubt from sweat she thought. Unfortunately for Bella, she felt her bladder contract once more, releasing the remaining urine into her bed.

This wasn’t a constant thing, but it had happened quite a few times in the past week or two — the same kind of dream, her family dying, being unable to do anything about it...and everytime — she woke up with wet sheets. Her face flushed red as she thought about what her parents would say this time — she was a young woman now, she shouldn’t be pissing in her sleep as if she were a little girl and yet, that was exactly what had been happening. Moving slightly in the sodden bedding, she slipped off the bed and tried to survey the damage and how likely it’d be to get it all at least somewhat cleaned without her parents finding out — she knew the right move would’ve been to tell them — but she couldn’t stand the comments anymore.

Bella was all too aware of the difficult and time consuming labor when doing laundry. She decided to spritz herself with perfume, and sprinkle ash lye in between her sheets to aid in drying them. The young woman was upset with herself. These night terrors always resulted in wet sheets. Bella didn’t want to sleep in wet itchy sheets, and her gown was still wet, so she carefully snuck out her window to go for a walk. She enjoyed the freedom of the countryside, as well as the privacy that came with living in a rural area.

###

The carriage rolled up to the large doors of the Manor. The air rippled with energy, all the fineries of the wealthiest families was on display tonight. A butler opened the carriage door, helping a gorgeous dark skinned woman step out.

Marianne Crowe was draped in a fancy purple gown, complemented by golden hair pieces that adorned her wig. The manor was owned by the Armstrong family. Their wealth was acquired through cash crops on plantations. Despite slavery being abolished by the Crown, the law often turned a blind eye to the wrongdoings of powerful families.

Approaching the door, she handed her invitation to another servant and confidently strided towards the ballroom. Her cover was carefully crafted. Not many independent women would be invited to a high profile party without a husband, much less a black woman. This was no issue for Madame Croix. Posing as an upperclass French woman from African nobility, Marianne was here to mingle with potential investors. Her real mission was to steal a deed to a West Indies plantation.

Flanked by a gaggle of well dressed handmaidens, Madame Croix picked up a glass of wine and waded through the crowd. She'd bide her time until the guests were plenty drunk, then she'd slip away to complete her mission.

Hours of drinking and mingling and dancing had gone by. It was time for her to slip away.

“Okay Marianne, where would a rich man hide his valuables?” The thief spoke to herself. She dashes up the stairs and peeked into various rooms. On her fifth try, she finds a locked door. Picking the lock, the door reveals a lavish office.

She rifles through drawers, plucking an assortment of valuables for herself. They'd hardly be missed. Sliding her hand along the bottom of the desk, Marianne flips a latch. A small recess appears with an audible click.

“What do we have here?” Marianne asks no one in particular. A Marriage certificate, a deed for the land the manor resided, trade missives, ship manifests… A deed for West Indies Tobacco!

Marianne rolled the paper into a tube and slid it into her pocket. Just then, she heard boisterous laughter outside the door. Bundling up her gown, she stuffs herself into a nearby wardrobe.

Peeking out, Marianne sees Mr. Armstrong and a woman she didn't recognize. Things were getting steamy, and she hoped it wouldn't be long, the wine was catching up to her. Grimacing, Marianne clenched her eyes shut and stuffed a hand between her legs. This was a difficult situation.

Drip… drip… drip…

Her pelvic muscles were well trained, but the alcohol and cramped space were taking their toll. Her bloomers were damp, the light material wasn't very absorbent.

The promiscuous pair seemed to have their needs met. They stumbled out the door, Mr. Armstrong locked it behind them.

Marianne sighed, and a sharp vocalization slipped out. She covered her mouth with her free hand and crept out of the wardrobe, immediately crossing her legs and bending at the waist.

The dam was breaking, her muscles were tired and the flow of hot urine picked up again. She had no choice. Marianne quickly bundled up her gown around her waist and squatted. Piss cascaded between her legs pooling in her bloomers before pattering onto the floor.

*002*2024-09-10 11:22

{{3 hours ago, david_578 said:

I imagine that more will be written and will explain the relationship between these two stories. If so, I'm interested to see what comes next.

}}

Don't hold your breath. It's slowly getting panned out, but there is an overarching story that will connect.

