Incoming!!!-persona 5 futaba story

Author: Bob222

*000*2024-10-17 19:34

Akira and Futaba were taking a relaxing ride on Akira’s motorcycle. He got his licence a couple months ago and he got Futaba to agree to going on a ride around the town, so long as he took her on another trip to Akihabara. The actual ride was going smoothly, Akira was a fast learner so Futaba felt safe to drive with him, and thankfully the law which was preventing 2 people from riding the same motorcycle was changed recently.

Futaba: “this is nice” she said while holding tightly onto Akira’s chest.

Akira: “told ya you’d like it if you just tried” he said, focusing on driving. They were out of the highway and onto a regular street now so they could afford to take it easy.

Futaba: “hey i’ve held your chest before”.

Akira: “oh, that’s what you meant” he said to her in a teasingly sweet tone, “Anything else that you liked?”.

Futaba: “Well I do have to admit, these vibrations really get me going” she said while smirking at him.

Akira: “Sigh, of course that’s where your focus is, sometimes Iwonder if you only think using your vagina” he said, turning to smirk back at her as they stopped for a red light.

Futaba: “hey! I thought we agreed we’d call our privates by euphemisms”.

Akira: “haha, oh my apologies let me rephrase, do you only think with your cave of wonders” the day before they had watched Aladdin and thoroughly enjoyed it.

Futaba: “I think you already know the answer to that.” They both laughed as the light changed green.

The two kept driving for another 5 minutes, taking in the scenery before turning back to drive home. However, this was also when Futaba felt something that she needed to deal with soon.

Futaba: “sigh, damnit” she muttered to herself.

Akira: “something wrong?”

Futaba: “I gotta piss”.

Akira: “oh…how badly?”

Futaba: “badly, the coke from earlier must have gone straight through me”

Akira: “think you can wait another 30 minutes? That’s when we should get close to leblanc”

Futaba: “oh god…yeah I Think so-KYAAA” she interrupted herself as they hit a speed bump, the added pressure from the bump caused her bladder to start trying to release its contents.

Futaba: “oh god nonononono” she said out loud while grimacing, “I, I Can't hold it I just, oh god it’s coming” Futaba tried her hardest to hold it all in, wetting herself in public would be something she could never recover from. Suddenly, Akira drove away from the path they were taking. After driving for another 30 seconds they made it to a convenience store.

Futaba: “oh thank god, i’m safe” she thought to herself, and better yet, there wasn’t anyone inside. Futaba tried to stand up and walk in only to have her hands instinctively grab hold of her crotch, her legs wobbled as she failed to try moving, the pressure was too much. “This is it, I'm gonna wet myself in public, like a pathetic child” she thought to herself as tears welled up in her eyes. Until suddenly she felt someone grab her.

Akira noticed his girlfriend's discomfort and inability to walk and wasn’t going to let her bladder give up now. He picked her up, head leaning against his chest with her legs being lifted by his arm, and he ran into the store.

Akira almost knocked down the door with how quickly he opened it, upsetting the shop owner, he ran towards the bathrooms as Futaba’s grasp on her crotch became tighter, they were at the home stretch for making it to the toilet, but also at the home stretch for her bladder capacity. Which was also when they noticed something horrific, something which put fear into Futaba’s heart.

“Women’s bathroom. Out of order” the sign read. Futaba was going to cry, her one chance was gone, she was going to jump off Akira to avoid getting him soaked as well but before she could do anything he rushed her into the Men’s bathroom.

Akira kicked open the door not caring if anyone was there, which thankfully there wasn’t. Looking around the room they noticed that the urinal was out of order and that there was only one sink and one stall. Akira opened up the stall and carried Futaba inside, he was about to put her down when she reached over and lifted the lid, and what was in there could only be described as a horror show, overflowing used water where people didn’t bother flushing or unclogging the toilet, and apparently some guys didn’t have the best aim as the seat was wet.

Akira and Futaba; “eww” they said together as Akira carried her out of the stall. And it was there that her bladder couldn’t take it anymore.

Futaba: “ahh! Oh crap it’s dribbling out” Futaba braced herself for the oncoming storm, only to feel her body shift. Akira had moved his hand to her back while leaning her backwards a bit, which caused her legs to be lifted higher in the air. Futaba panicked at this in the worry that someone would walk in, her fear was heightened when Akira reached down and pulled her shorts and panties down her legs. Her bare ass was now exposed to anyone who looked. However, what he said next almost cured all issues she had.

Akira: “go, just go right here” he said while moving her towards the sink in the bathroom.

Futaba would usually question whether this was a good idea, this was a public bathroom after all. However, the next sound to come from her wasn’t a verbal response, instead, it was the sound of water hitting the sink, without realising it, her body had already begun pissing. An aggressive stream of liquid had begun shooting out of her, with a lot of built up force from her pushing to get it all out just in case someone came in and saw her. Akira made sure to hold her in a way where her urine would only end up hitting the sink.

After 30 seconds her stream finally calmed down to just a small tinkle, with Akira moving her closer to ensure it all got in the sink. After the storm had calmed down Akira put her down and grabbed some toilet paper for her to wipe herself with, as well as the sink as they didn’t get everything in.

Futaba: “well…that was close”. She said while blushing, this wasn’t a new scenario for them but it was embarrassing nonetheless.

Akira: “yeah, you should really make sure to go before we leave next time” he said to her while she pulled her panties and shorts back up.

Futaba: “ya know you should thank your lucky stars that you keep getting to see me go to the toilet, this isn’t something most girls would let you see” she said while grasping at his hand for comfort, this situation was still stressful for her.

Akira: “oh don’t act like you aren’t getting turned on by this stuff as well” Futaba thought to herself for a moment, for all the stress of the situation that she experienced, now that it was over and she thought about it, she did feel a warmth down inside of her.

Futaba: “Well then, I guess we’ll have to do something about that when we get back to leblanc” she said while smirking at him.

Akira just smirked back while stroking her hair, the two of them walked out of the bathroom while apologising to the store owner for kicking the door open. The two left the store and got back on the motorcycle, riding back home after finally finishing with all the problems of the day.

Akira: “you better not need to poop while we ride back”

Futaba: “no promises” she said back, laughing to herself while Akira just smiled

*001*2024-10-21 09:19

For the record, this fic was inspired from the bathroom emergency scene in the movie "are we there yet"

