The New Ride

Author: BurstingStory

*000*2019-04-27 20:33

It was an extremely hot morning, and the sun was shining brightly down. The heat didn't seem to be bothering anybody as the line to enter into the local amusement park was snaking around the entrance. The park wasn't due to open for another half hour, but that didn't stop most of the town from showing up. The park opened up one of their newest rides, a roller coaster that was one of the fastest in the country, and one of the tallest as well. The announcement came out several months prior, and now it was finally time.

A young woman stood near the back of the line, anxiously waiting for the park to open. Her name was Olivia, and she was absolutely dying to ride the new roller coaster. Being a local college student, she lived close enough to visit the park often, and wanted to be one of the first people to experience the new attraction. She arrived slightly late however, and now had to deal with the exhausting heat, like everyone else. She was dressed for the occasion, wearing a tight workout shirt that showed off her upper body, and athletic shorts, as she waited in line.

Soon, the line began to start, and a sign came into Olivia's field of view. "No outside food or drink is allowed." She read to herself and sighed. She forgot the rule, and brought a bottle of water to keep herself hydrated in the heat. Not wanting to throw it away, she quickly downed the bottle, and tossed it in a garbage bin, as she checked her pass in, and was inside the park.

A rush of people made their way to the back of the park, and Olivia followed close behind. Being quite athletic, she was able to pass a few people, but by the time she arrived, the line was already overflowing the queue. She sighed and quickly boarded the line, which was not enclosed, and the beating sun, made Olivia sweat profusely. The park was well prepared, and vendors walked around, selling bottles of water. "I'll take one..." Olivia requested and quickly purchased it, as she began to take small sips from it, wanting to make it last as long as possible. She was quite relieved to find a vendor, not wanting to pass out, but not wanting to leave the line as well.

The queue continued to snake around, and eventually a sign came up. "45 minutes from this point." Olivia read and groaned slightly. The long wait would continue, and she had to stick it through. She had finished her water bottle, and was searching for another vendor. She didn't care how much money it cost, she wanted to stay on line. She observed several people leaving the line, due to the immense heat that was beating down on them. Suddenly, an employee came walking around with a cooler, and Olivia raised her hand. She purchased two bottles, and held the cold bottles in her hand, as she popped one open, and began to quickly down it.

Olivia gave no thought to the high liquid intake she was putting through her body. By now, she had downed one liter of water, and was quickly finishing up another half liter. She had just finished her third bottle when her bladder first started to show signs of needing to relieve itself. "Maybe I should've gone to the bathroom before...but then I would be further back..." She reassured herself, as she opened the fourth bottle, and started to drink. Olivia began climbing a set of stairs, leading up to the station. She was almost there!

Arriving at the platform, Olivia was extremely eager to finally get on the ride. She finished up the water bottle, and chucked them in the garbage bin, as she picked the line she wanted. Being an adrenaline junkie, she picked the very back, which had the most intense experience. The coaster's cars continued their loop, as the line in front of Olivia grew shorter, and shorter. Soon, it was her turn to enter, and she climbed into the car, and placed the lap restraint on. It pressed directly against her bladder, and a belt was tucked in between her legs. By now, she was becoming quite desperate, having downed two liters of water.

"As soon as I get off this ride...I have to find a bathroom..." Olivia muttered to herself, as she felt the pressure of the restraint, press against her achingly full bladder. The safety announcement finished, and the operator turned the key. The ride slowly ascended up the lift hill, but stopped at the very top.

"Attention...we are having some technical difficulties. Please remain still, as we attempt to solve the problem. Thank you for your patience." An announcement over the loudspeaker blared, as the train sat completely still. Olivia groaned slightly, as she could feel her control over her bladder begin to waver. It was well over four hours since she last used the bathroom, and she had drank a lot of water. Her legs began to quiver slightly, as she whimpered softly, hoping that the train would move, and she could get through the ride. The person sitting next to her was a young girl, roughly 17 or 18. She noticed Olivia squirming about, and looked over.

"Excuse me...are you alright?" She asked, and raised an eyebrow. "Me...oh...I'm alright." Olivia responded, a bit surprised to hear someone talking to her. She was trying to do anything to keep her mind off of her strong urge to relive herself. "You don't look alright..." The other girl said, and continued to eye her up suspiciously. Knowing someone was watching her, Olivia tried her best to not show her desperation, even throw it was growing by the minute. Eventually, the loudspeaker blared again. "Riders...we have fixed the issue, and your ride will begin shortly."

The train slowly moved, as it crested the lift hill and soon neared the drop. The riders began to scream, as the car descended down the hill, increasing speed along the way. Olivia screamed, but not in enjoyment. She could feel the speed and bumps have a heavy toll on her bladder, and as the car bounced along the track, she could feel herself leaking out slightly. Although it was covered by the restraint, small stains began to appear on her shorts, and she knew that it was just the start. The loop began to come up, and Olivia braced for the worst. As the train was inverted, Olivia yelped loudly, as she could feel herself lose even more control.

The train snaked through a few turns, and a few more loops, and the minute or so, felt like hours to Olivia. At every little twist, Olivia could feel her control slipping, and after what seemed like an eternity, the ride came to a finish, and arrived back at the station. The restraints lifted up, and Olivia quickly climbed out. However, getting out of the train proved slightly difficult, being low to the ground. She had to lift her leg up to climb, and Olivia yelped out, as her control finally vanished.

Her achingly full bladder began to empty out, warm pee trickling down her legs, and hitting the station floor. People getting off the ride turned to her, and looked in awe, as this young woman began to wet herself. Some people looked in horror, while others tried not to laugh. But they were all staring directly at her for a solid minute, as Olivia's bladder finally emptied itself out. A puddle appeared on the station floor, and the young woman looked down in fear at the mess that she made. She couldn't believe that she had just wet herself! Quickly ducking down, she immediately ran for the exit, not wanting anyone to remember the incident on the new ride.

