Kakashi's bad memory (diferent ending)

Author: bunny

*000*2016-08-16 08:57

In the village of Konoha there are many ninja squads and one of them is team seven. The teamleader is Kakashi sensei, his students are Sakura, Sasuke and Naruto. Tomorrow team seven began their training, it was a two day training camp nearby Konoha and they sleep outside in a tent. There is one toilet to use mainly for Sakura because the boys pee outside.

The evening before, while kakshi was preparing their training schedule the students were gathering their stuff. When Kakashi was done preparing he gathered his stuff to use, plus some books to read because he always read them. He was done packing and went to sleep but after a minute he was still awake and couldn't sleep so he opened a book and began reading. Halfway through the book he fell asleep.

It was morning, the students were waiting for Kakashi sensei because he was late. After 5 minutes Naruto told Sasuke and Sakura that he was going to get Kakashi, Naruto was inside Kakashi's house and walked towards the bedroom where he saw him sleeping. Naruto yelled: "Kakashi wake up". Kakashi got up and asked: " Why are you here?". Naruto told him that he overslept and they were already waiting for him.

Kakashi got up and went to the meeting place with Naruto, only he forgot to use the bathroom and little did he know that it wil become a problem later. When they arrived they immediatly went to the training camp. They arrived, set up the tent and unpacked their things. Kakashi said to everyone:"Get ready and meet in half an hour".

During the 30 minutes Sakura said:"i am going to the toilet do not follow me." The boys responded with yes. Naruto asked:" Kakashi where do the boys pee?" Kakashi responded with between the trees and bushes over there. Sasuke and Naruto went there and started peeing. Kakshi felt a twinge in his bladder and knew that he forgot to use the toilet in the morning, he thought i go after training.

During the training Kakashi's need was growing worse by every minute he was so desperate to pee that his concentration was gone. Sakura noticed it and asked:"Kakashi you okay?" Kakashi said:"i am fine" and training went further. Training was over and it was time to eat and after dinner they went to sleep.

4 am in the morning, Kakashi woke up with an uncomfortable bladder. He wanted to go outside to pee but did't want to wake anyone so he tried to sleep a bit more. So to be sure he didn't wet his pants he slept with his hands between his legs to take the pressure away. It was 9 am now and they had to pack their stuff because they had to be back in Konoha by 11 am.

"If you need to pee you must go now because we don't stop during the one hour walk back to konoha"said Kakashi. Everyone went to pee except Kakashi and they started their walk back home. After 45 minutes Kakashi was almost at his limit and was walking with thights together and tiny steps. They were five minutes from Konoha when Kakashi felt a little bit of pee escape so he stopped a second to regain control.

They were back in Konoha and everyone headed back home. Kakashi was alone so headed home with his hands in his pockets holding his dick. He saw his home and the thought of a toilet doubled his need. He had leaked again and he knew his bladder could burst any moment. He opened the door and threw his stuff on the ground. He was running to the toilet with a fast pace. The quick change in pace released a minute of pee and his underwear was soaked. He came inside the bathroom and when he saw the toilet his floodgates opened and he started peeing in his pants. He rushed to the toilet, pulled off his pants and started peeing the rest in the toilet. When he was done he washed his clothes and went to sleep.

