A camper vacation

Author: Bear789

*000*2020-12-10 11:48

So, this is my first attempt to write a girl-on-girl story. I hope it comes out as realistic enough, and that you like it. Looking forward to hear your comments!

_____

"This isn't what I pictured in my mind when you said 'motorhome adventure in the alpine lakes district'", I pant. "I imagined a lot more more lake shores and sun loungers and caravaning and way less steep dirt trails."

"Oh, stop moaning and enjoy it, Laura. Look around. It's beautiful."

True. It is beautiful. The trail levels out and we reach a wide plateau. The woods open and it's all grassland, with a single tree in the middle. It's not the top of the mountain, far from it, but it might as well be. The view over the valley and the lake below is unimpeded and really stunning.

But it’s also true that, although not exactly in the same way I’m hinting at it in the discussion, I had a completely different scenario in mind when Claudia, my closest friend and girl crush, invited me for a 'girls-only summer adventure for two', to use her own words. To be fair, in all the time I’ve known her, she’s never given any hint of being lesbian or at least bi, and I never mustered the courage to test those grounds in fear of ruining our friendship, but a girl can hope.

She leaves her backpack under the tree and walks towards the edge of the plateau, looking at the horizon. I leave my backpack next to hers and drag myself to the same edge where she’s standing, panting heavily. Claudia runs a hand through her short black hair. She closes her eyes while taking a breath of the fresh and fragrant mountain air, and says, “Take a deep breath you too, Lou. Savour this. It’ll make you less grumpy.”

“Taking a seat and savouring sandwiches will make me less grumpy, not fog-shrouded rocks, Clod”, I reply. Also something else that I’m waiting for eagerly would improve my mood considerably, even though I’d never dare speaking of it. I eyeball Claudia with all the nonchalance I can muster until I see those certain signs I learned to recognize.

“Fair enough, wait a sec”, she says, and unbuttons her shorts. She squats right next to me and starts peeing, staring in the distance, occasionally glancing down to check whether she’s making a mess of her hiking boots or not. She puts an elbow on her knee, and rests her chin on her palm.

My heart races. I try my best to hide it. I cannot even muster the courage to confess that I am attracted by girls, how could I ever admit that I’m turned on by girls peeing? It was a major surprise (in a positive way) discovering that Claudia is so open about doing it in nature. She’s always been a blunt tomboy type, so I guess it’s in character. This nonchalance of hers really drives me crazy.

I hear a soft thumping noise on the grass. I try my best to remain stoic, to refrain myself from giving constant glances at the golden stream that arches away from somewhere under her cute dark bush. She brings me abruptly back to reality: “Yes, I really have to do it. Or better, I honestly cannot see why not. We’ve already been through this, Lou. Several times.”

“I… What...?”

“I see you’re trying – and failing miserably, I might add – to mask your constant peeking down here; I’m not blind and you’re not as subtle as you think. There’s no one around, I see no reason to bother going all the way back to the woods for just a quick piss, and miss this panorama on top of it.”

Thank God she misunderstood what I was doing. My brain quickly switches gear, trying to latch on her rant. “Well, the… it’s unfeminine.. and I am around!” Part of my brain scolds me: ‘bad Laura! Do not downplay it! Take some chances!’ My brain clearly doesn’t know what it’s talking about.

“Oooh, what a scandal”, Claudia says, stone-faced. “I behave as if we’re close friends and both women, how inconsiderate of me. Do you see anything you don’t have or do yourself, down here?” I doubt she’d like the true answer to that question and I lack the wit to tackle her sarcasm, so I keep my mouth shut.

The stream ends. Claudia bounces up and down a little a couple of times, and wipes with a paper tissue she then keeps in her hand for later disposal in our trash bag (always an environment conscious girl, my Claudia). “Suit yourself. Go back to the woods if you wish, we can’t have the occasional sparrow see you go potty, can we?”

I do actually have to pee too, so I let the topic drop and walk to the nearest cluster of trees, thinking that there’s nothing I’d love more than to be able to squat right next to her. It would be the closest thing to actually fulfilling certain fantasies I keep in a very secret corner of my brain, but I can’t. She’d notice that something is off. That I’d be nervous. That my blushing would not just be due to embarrassment. Heck, she’d notice that I am incredibly wet! Try to justify the current state of my downstairs without giving away the whole thing, if you can.

I Find a patch of trees with a pine in the middle. I squat next to the pine and lean my back against it. I close my eyes. The stream starts and thumps against the pine’s roots. I instinctively slip my hand down, teasing the sides of my pussy as I pee. I feel warm mist near my fingers. I can almost perceive the strength of the stream through my labia. I press my fingers against them.

“Clod...” I whisper.

I realize what I’m doing and, with a considerable dose of self control, deny myself further fun or pleasure. The only concession I make to myself is to rub my middle finger between my pussy lips after the stream has ended, then bring it to my mouth and slowly suck it. I close my eyes. Moan as the salty drop falls on my tongue. So much for my ‘proper, feminine girl’ fake rants. But that’s exactly what turns me on of this whole thing. I should not like it. It’s the wrong thing to do. It’s so dirty. So naughty. Therefore so hot. I can’t help myself. I love it…

I realize I’m slipping back into The Zone and I cannot let it happen now and here, so I shake myself out of it, drag my pants back up on my pussy, which is still still rather wet with both pee and arousal (I wonder what Claudia would think if she’d knew that the inside of my pants is often decorated on purpose by a tiny wet patch!), and make my way back to my friend.

Claudia is rustling in the backpacks, and absent-mindedly gives me a box of sanitized tissues. I clean my hands. She seems in a thoughtful mood. Did I offend her?

“Hey, Clod, is it all right? Did I say a word too much earlier?”

She shakes out of her pensive state. “What? Oh, no! Don’t worry. Just… reflecting on stuff. The alpine landscape encourages it, I guess… Nothing to worry about. Nothing bad. All clear”

Enigmatic answer. I let it drop to avoid stirring up the hornet’s nest. We unpack our sandwiches and enjoy our picnic.

…

I’m lying in my bed. Claudia is straddled above my crotch, gently rocking her hips back and forward. She’s wearing only cute grey panties. It’s the first time I’ve seen her naked. Well, mostly naked. Her body is exactly how I imagined it. Uniformly bronzed. Beautiful. Perfect. Round boobs with perky pink nipples stare at me, hypnotizing me with their gentle movement.

“Clod...” I whisper.

No answer. She doesn’t talk. She stops rocking her hips and close her eyes.

I feel warmth and wetness on my crotch. It spreads.

“Your pee… feels so good...” I moan.

I decide to contribute to the magic of the moment. I start leaking. Warmth and wetness increase.

“Clod...” I repeat.

Now the pee feels… more tangible. More real. I feel my pyjama getting soaked. It pools under my buttcheeks and under my thighs. So much wetter and warmer than Claudia’s pee… So much sexier...

Something clicks in my brain.

Shit.

My eyes open wide. The room and Claudia vanish. There’s only darkness, punctuated with silvery highlights of shapes here and there.

Shit!Shit!Shit!

It was a dream. With an unfortunate tail end in the real world, though. I experimentally reach down with a hand. My pyjama pants are soaked. The bedding is damp. Probably damp enough to pass through the sheets and reach the camping mattress underneath. Normally, an accident caused by a naughty dream would turn me on, and lead to further deliberate leaking and fun. I’m panicking too much for that, right now.

SHITSHITSHITSHIT!

I am fully awake. It all comes back to me. We are in the motorhome. The night after the mountain hike. Claudia is in the opposite bed, just a few feet away from me. I listen carefully. Is that rustling? The noise of her turning in her bed? I hear her breathing; is it a bit heavy, a bit off, or am I paranoid? Hopefully she’s sleeping and has not noticed a thing.

What do I do? I can’t pretend nothing has happened and let the night pass: by tomorrow morning the motorhome will reek of stale pee. Nor I can get up and change pyjama and bedding: it’ll cause such a ruckus that Claudia would definitely wake up and catch me red-handed.

SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT!!!

I raise the sheets to evaluate the problem. A whiff of pee reaches my nose. I curl my nostrils. Another thing that would normally turn me on, that now only manages to increase my agitation.

“Lou?”

I’m paralysed. Was the noise I made moving the sheets loud enough to wake Claudia up?

“Are you awake?” Her voice was kinda weird. Startled, maybe?

I hear rustling. Taps of naked feet on the floor. A hand touches me.

“Clod!” I scream. “No, I...”

The tips of the fingers of another hand touch my hip. I instinctively retract. Bad move, it leaves the damp patch exposed.

“Clod, don’t… I… had an accident...” for the first time in quite a long while I feel humiliated for having peed my bed.

I can feel her hand exploring the wet spot on the bedding. Then it reaches for my hips again. I can’t retract any further, my butt is already against the motorhome’s wall.

“Lou, you peed… You were dreaming...”

I might have had a heart attack there. Did I spoke during the dream? Is there a hole around here I can go hide myself in? A very deep one, preferably?

The light turns on, and I definitely have the second hart attack. Claudia is above me, a bit flushed. Wearing only panties and an unbuttoned shirt; her breasts are barely hidden. When she retracts her hand from the light switch, a nipple, slightly darker and somewhat larger and puffier than what I imagined in the dream, dodges the edge of the shirt and peeks out. A constellation of three tiny moles on the inside of her boob stares at me and challenges me to look somewhere else. I wish I could peel my eyes off it.

“This morning… I saw...” she ventures. Great. Throw everything you’ve got at me, universe! Go all in. Do you have one of those meteorites, maybe? I fancy one shooting straight to the middle of my forehead now.

“Claudia, I’m very sorry. I don’t know what caught me, I...” I blurt.

“No, listen. I was upset. I felt you were taking advantage of me. You should’ve said how you felt when you saw me pee.”

My heart sunk. “So, you understood all of...”

“Yes. I saw what you did behind that tree.”

“Sorry...” I am mortified.

“I said listen. I saw your face. How flushed and horny you looked. It made me… think. You made it look very pleasurable… very exciting...”

Time freezes with one of those breaks screeching noise you’d hear in movies. This isn’t where I imagined this conversation would go.

“I...”, she continues. “I’m trying to think how to explain it...” Claudia not knowing how to put something to words? That’s surprising. “Well, there’s no other way. I tried myself when we came home.”

“What?”

“Yeah… in the shower...”

“You d...” I try to interject, but Claudia is a river in flood.

“It turned me on. I was surprised. I… I felt the horniest I’ve been in quite some time. I could not stop thinking about it for the whole evening. I was… thinking… about it right now...”

“Does... that mean what I think it means?”

“I was touching myself. For the, I believe, third time since the shower.”

I could comment how I did notice that she kinda spent a lot of time in both the shower and the privy this evening, but my mouth is too dry to speak, and my brain is racing too fast to form any coherent thought or sentence.

I feel her hand on my hip again. It’s moving upwards.

“My fantasy keeps going there… But It’s not fully satisfied. I can’t deny there’s a Lou-shaped hole in that fantasy...”

Are people supposed to survive three heart attacks in a row?

Claudia’s fingers lightly touch the edge of my pyjama pants. On the second pass, the middle finger slips in the valley where my leg meets my crotch. It is indeed damp in there, but that didn’t scare her exploring fingers. After an initial, short lived, hesitation, they actually dig deeper in the wetness.

I instinctively close my legs. Her hesitation this time is longer. She’s holding her breath.

“Am I pushing it too far? Sorry...” she starts.

I am the biggest idiot in the universe. My crush tells me that she is fantasizing about me and my secret fetish, and I’m giving the wrong message. I am about to ruin everything. A primitive corner of my brain takes over and I found myself shouting a “NO!”

I blush. Put the leash back on the lizard brain, and add “No, please... Don’t go...”

Emboldened by my reaction, her hand returns where it was. Her middle finger finds the outline of my pussy through the pants and starts gently rubbing along it. I moan.

She bends over me. I feel her lips on my neck. They are soft, wet and warm. The second kiss lands right beneath my ear, where the neck meets the jaw. I can only arch my head back to expose more of the neck, and moan again, my eyes closed, savouring the moment.

I hear an unexpected whisper: “can you pee?”

I open my eyes. Her face moved right above mine. “Like… now?”

“Yeah.”

I am still feeling her fingers on my pussy. She’s asking me to pee on her hand. My heart is beating so fast I am convinced it’ll end up busting out of the chest.

I hold my breath for a second. I still had lots of pee left when I woke up, but now I can’t squeeze out a single drop.

She must’ve misinterpreted my hesitation, because she starts, “Sorry, I shouldn’t insist...”, but she stops when finally, pushing with every single muscle of my body, I manage to release a little spurt.

The hissing is short but unmistakable. Equally unmistakable is the warmer patch forming over the already wet crotch of my pants.

She’s surprised. Her hand stops for a second, then it opens and grabs my whole crotch.

Hormones take control and I restart peeing without restrictions. I close my eyes again and moan as my stream escapes the thin fabric of the pyjama and hits Claudia’s palm. Pleasurable warmth spreads between my legs.

She squeezes the fabric splitting the stream into dozens of tiny rivulets that drop on the bed. “Oh my God”, she whispers. Her right hand darts towards her own panties. The left one lets the fabric go and moves upwards, rubbing against the wet pyjama. When it reaches my belly, it quickly digs into my pants.

Claudia’s fingers are touching my pussy. Playing with my labia. That though barges in my brain and shoves aside all the others.

Her wrist movement bends and lower my pants a little, exposing my crotch just as my stream ends. She is staring at it. A final yellow spurt hits her hand and the inside of my pants.

The tip of her fingers dip inside a small pool of warm pee formed between my legs, unable to be absorbed further. I am panting. She is transfixed on her hand, soaking wet.

She drags her hand out of my pants. The tip of her middle finger inadvertently rubs against my clit. That sends an electric shock down my spine. I gasp loudly. She stops for a minute, surprised.

I impulsively move to a somewhat sitting position and reach out to grab her arm and bring her soaked hand to my mouth. I kiss her palm, stick my tongue out and drag it up over the middle finger, licking tiny golden drops off her skin. The other fingers soon follow. My tongue is happy to report a very familiar salty taste. With a final kiss, I finally let her arm go.

Claudia looks at her hand.

“Was that… good…? The taste…? You… like it?”

“Mmmhmm”

Claudia bends towards me. She puts the hand I was licking on the mattress, near my hips, and kisses me on the mouth all of a sudden. It’s a warm, wet and passionate kiss. Her tongue licks my lips. I am surprised at first, but I quickly get engulfed by the pleasure of the moment and return the kiss.

“I wanted a sample too.” She says with a wink.

Claudia climbs on the mattress, straddling over my legs. I put my hands on her hips, gently moving them upwards. The movements parts her shirt, fully exposing her boobs. I hesitantly kiss her between them. She arches her back, offering me her chest. I smile. My heart is racing. I kiss again, on those three moles that have been taunting me for the past ten minutes. I stick out the tip of my tongue and gently lick from there to the top of her boob. My right arm wraps around her back, while the left one restart wandering around, feeling her warm, soft skin.

When my tongue reaches the nipple, I circle around the edge of her areola, feeling the texture of that sensitive area, registering every little bump. I fully open my mouth and press it against the nipple, and suck it all in. I move my hand up to grab the boob, and gently squeeze to make it stick out more. Claudia moans and puts one arm over my shoulder, touching and caressing the back of my head. I suck her nipple one, two, three times. It gets hard. I flick it with my tongue. Her hand grabs onto the little hair at the scruff of my neck.

Claudia leans back, and that’s my chance. I put my hand on her crotch, while I keep kissing her nipple. I feel some dampness. I smile. With my thumb on her Venus mound, I slid my fingers down, exploring to find her labia through the fabric. My manoeuvrers make her pant. She starts rocking her hips in synch with the movement of my hand, panting and moaning.

“Lou…?”

“Mmm?” I mumble, her nipple still inside my mouth.

“I...”

I am inexorable. Ignoring whatever she’s trying to tell me, I keep caressing downstairs and licking upstairs.

“Lou, I need…”

I pause and raise my sight. Her eyes are closed, her face ecstatic. There is however a hint of concern in her expression.

She registers that my stimulations are paused and looks down.

“Lou… Well…” She bites her lower lip. “There is a reason why I was awake...”

“Weren’t you touching yourself?”

“Yeah, but… Well, it was because I woke up with a certain need...”

“Clod?”

“I… needed to pee… and since this afternoon in the shower, it kinda triggers the itch to touch myself...”

“You need to go now?”

“...Yes.”

I start again rubbing my fingers on her pussy, staring her in the eyes. I deliberately indulge longer on the little dome of her clit, easily felt through her thin panties.

She moans. “That makes it harder to keep it in!”

“It’s what I hope.”

“Nnngh.”

My hands are undeterred. “I already flooded this bed. Go. I’ve been wanting this for ages...”

“It’s hard...”

My middle and pointer fingers wander to one side, finding the edge of the leg hole of her panties. They dig in the smooth silky valley where the leg meets the crotch, then they sneak under the panties and drag them on one side. My fingers explore her private areas, feeling her pussy lips, feeling some thick moistness inside them, and finally finding both her pussy hole and her pee hole. I do not break eye contact during all this.

The point of my middle finger starts to tease the edge of her pee hole. I smile cheekily. She squeezes her eyes.

Then, all of a sudden, I feel a fast, high pressure spurt on the tip of my finger. She gasps.

“No, continue” I say, gently.

I feel her pelvic muscles contract. She’s squeezing. Another drop reached my finger. I am dying to bring it to my mouth and taste it, but I have to resist for another moment.

A second drop. Then a third one, at a shorter interval. The fourth and fifth come almost together, then the stream starts. My fingers makes the hissing louder, and warm droplets splash around. The stream hits my lower belly. It’s warm. The drops pitter-patter on my skin. I sigh at the feeling.

The pee flows down, over my already soaked panties, to pool between my legs, joining and mixing with the little pool of my own that is already there.

I move my wet hand on her leg. The stream is in full force. Claudia’s pee warms my crotch and the inside of my thighs. Rivulets occasionally take another path and drops near her knees, but she doesn’t seem to mind. She is breathing heavily. I use the arm wrapped around her back to push her towards me. I kiss her boobs one more. The change of position makes the pee stream move from my belly to my leg, very close to my crotch.

I’ve been going on entirely on instinct until this moment. For some reason the realization hits me like a brick right now. I am kissing Claudia’s tits while she is peeing on my lap. This is more than a dream come true. Grasping the thought, I start sucking at her boobs with renewed passion.

The pee stream sputters for a minute as she gasps, then restarts. It is loosing force, though. This is the right moment to bring my hand back down there. My fingers slip on the side of her pussy, moving up and down and lightly rubbing her labia a couple of times. Then they close. The hissing changes pitch, the stream enclosed for a second in my cupped palm. Then my finger finds her pussy hole and slips in. Pee flows around my wrist for the tail end of theshow as I start to move my finger inside her. I explore the inside of her vagina, soak in the feeling of the texture of her inside, the moisture that coats it. I hear contractions around my finger as she moans. I explore the front side of her vagina with the tip of my finger, making a kind of restricted “come here” movement, while pushing against the backside of her pussy hole at the same time.

Claudia screams with pleasure. A small but violent pee spurt splashes out. I feel my finger coated with her juices, and start rubbing faster. Claudia is rocking her hips, following my movements, and pushes my head against her chest.

“Lou! Lou!” she screams, louder as I start moving even faster. My mouth won’t let her nipple go.

Claudia is now moaning loudly. She bends over, leaning against my head, and screams. Another violent spurt hits my palm, as familiar contractions around my fingers tell me she is having a powerful orgasm.

I feel her body relax, resting against mine. I peck a sweet kiss on her shoulder. I pull my finger out of her, but my hand remains in the area, still slowly massaging her pussy. She is panting heavily, resting against my shoulder. I feel her chest raising and lowering, her boobs gently brushing mine at each breath. I land another gentle kiss, this time on her cheek.

Her head bends over my shoulder, her breathing slowing down progressively as we cuddled. I feel a peck at the base of my neck. I smile. Claudia…

A second kiss on the neck. A third one. Something’s picking up. Her kisses trail towards my cheek, then she pushes me down on the mattress and kisses me on the lips. She moves her leg. She’s not straddling me anymore. She lies next to me. She gives me another long, passionate kiss, then she looks straight in my eyes. She smiles. My heart starts racing again. Another quick kiss. “Your turn, now”, she says. Another kiss prevents me from replying anything.

Her hand slips from my shoulder, down, dragging the tip of her fingers all along her body, reaching for my crotch. It slips again inside my soaked panties.

Her fingers move in a circular pattern around my clit. It is still swollen and highly sensitive, all the arousal of what I just did to Claudia still flowing through me. I moan loudly as soon as she lifts her mouth from mine.

Claudia must realize how aroused I am, because she quickly moves her fingers down. I feel her middle and ring finger slip inside me, starting to pump.

Her thumb lands slightly above my clit, pushing on it gently. Her fingers slipping back and forth inside me, faster and faster. It takes merely a few seconds to make me cum. I scream. A quick spurt of pleasure juice coats Claudia’s hands. I am over the moon. I cannot believe this is really happened.

She cuddles me as I regain my breath, then, somehow, sometime, we fall asleep in each other’s arms, on my pee soaked bed.

Indeed, our motorhome adventure turned out to be not what I had in my mind when Claudia proposed it. It’s so much better than anything my fantasy could’ve ever thought of.

