Jessie`s Journey Across Space

Author: Bees

*000*2019-06-29 01:27

Hey everyone. Since I got a new computer, I decided to make a new story on here. This time not interactive, I'm afraid, since the last few interactive stories I made sort of petered out and never got going again, I figured I'd just do a regular story and see where it goes. I hope to get a lot of chapters of this done, so let's-a go.

###

BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP

"Ugh..." Jessie rolled over in bed, turning off her alarm. It had been 2 days since she decided to board the space station, and while she loved it, mostly because she loved space, what she didn't love was how early she had to get up every morning. It was a rigid schedule, and one she had never been used to following.

The blonde girl got out of bed, letting her straight shoulder-length hair fall down as she stepped into some slippers. She had been sleeping only in a shirt and panties, as she was prone to do. Jessie yawned as she walked drowsily to the bathroom. After doing her business she stripped and got in the shower. The water was cold at first, but it quickly warmed up. Another thing she loved about this space station, there was always warm water. Something she didn't always have at her apartment back home.

After showering, Jessie dried off and went out to her wardrobe, picking out her clothes for the day. Luckily they didn't have any strict regimens about what the passengers could or could not wear. They did have specified uniforms, but those were only for missions that called for them, like skin-boilingly hot planets, or planets with a dangerous atmosphere. After a few minutes, Jessie decided to put on a plain white t-shirt and black shorts, as well as some comfortable flats. Walking out of her room, the cold, sterile look of the giant lobby of the station made her frown.

"This place could use some redecorating," she said to herself as she walked up to a large console in the center of the room. This could tell her where the ship was going. She noticed it was headed for Octon VIII, a planet which was known for etiquette and good practices. Great, she'd have to be on her best behaviour. At least it wouldn't be landing there until the next morning. Until then she was free to goof off if she wanted to.

Noticing her stomach growling, Jessie took an elevator down, to the largest cafeteria she had ever seen in her life. It had been 2 days, and she had been there at least 6 times, but she was still in awe of how massive it was. As she looked around at all the different food shops, oddly enough none of which were name brand, she decided on a bagel place - fittingly, one of the only shops open at 7 in the morning.

As Jessie sat down to eat, she bumped into one of the other passengers.

"Sup, Jessica?"

Jessie tensed up hearing her full name, but then smiled over at her friend Marie. The blonde started eating, drinking a lot since the bagel was pretty dry.

"Not a lot, Marie. Just woke up. Pretty tired. Y'know, the usual."

Marie chuckled. "Yeah, I get that." The taller girl had black curly hair, brown eyes and a bit of a pudgy body, which also meant D-cup breasts. Jessie felt a little jealous, since her skinny frame only allowed for B-cups, but she wasn't about to admit it.

"So, um..." Jessie looked around in her mind for something to discuss. "You... looking forward to visiting our first new planet?" They had already been to close planets, ones that everyone knew about, but this would be the first one that no human had ever been to.

"Yeah! Octon sounds cool! I hear they've got some strict practices there, though..." The duo talked for a little while, even long after their respective breakfasts were finished, and they went their separate ways. Jessie decided to explore the ship a little more, something she didn't really have time to do either of the previous days. They'd be landing the next morning, so while they were in flight there wasn't much they strictly had to do.

Jessie got onto the elevator and pressed the button for one floor up. It wasn't quite the residential areas, so she wanted to see what was there. She took her drink with her, which she thought was a good idea.

As the blonde arrived on the next floor, she saw that it was like one giant mall. It had all sorts of shops and stands and kiosks... it even had a huge fountain! Jessie smiled, and realized her bladder was filling up a little. She checked her watch... 8:00!? She figured she and Marie must've been talking for a while longer than she thought they were. Ignoring the feelings, since they weren't even that strong yet, Jessie did a little window shopping. She spent a while walking around and looking in through the shop windows, seeing what there was. Some had some really neat-looking alien devices and gadgets, Jessie wondered what they did.

After about an hour and a half, Jessie noticed her bladder twinge. "Aah..." she looked down at the bottle in her hand. The drink was really good, it was like and orange juice mixed with some other kind of juice, maybe guava or mango or something, but the bottle had sort of an alien look to it... it was probably a stronger diuretic than most Earth drinks. "Dammit..." She looked around for any sort of toilet, but she couldn't see any, at least not any close ones. Walking over to another panel, this one with a map loaded, she checked where she was and looked up to see if there were any bathrooms on the floor. "Oh, shit..." she noticed one on the other side of the floor. "I-it's so far away..." She was only about 6/10, but it was still a little hard to hold.

Jessie pressed her legs together a little as she walked slowly but surely towards the elevator, which wasn't as far as the bathrooms were. "W-why is this damn place so big?" she wondered aloud, as she pressed the elevator button. She figured if she could get to her room and use the bathroom there it'd be the shortest route.

As the elevator arrived, Jessie saw another of her shipmates, Zoe. Her green hair (probably dyed) came down to her neck. Her flat chest made her look a little androgynous sometimes, but she never seemed to mind.

"Where to?" Zoe asked.

"U-up to my room, please." Jessie tried to stand still, standing upright to try and make it seem like she didn't need to pee. Zoe would take full advantage of that. She wasn't mean, but she would sometimes playfully tease the others.

Zoe nodded and pressed the elevator button, before taking a water bottle out of her pocket, taking a big sip. She put the cap on and held it in her hand, which was fidgeting a bit, making the water swirl around. The sound was enough to make Jessie squirm. Zoe looked over at her and smirked a little, intentionally making the water bottle shake a little more.

"Ngh..." Jessie closed her eyes, before finally the elevator dinged and they got up to her floor. "Th-thanks, Zoe!" She ran out and headed towards her room. She was definitely at a 7, maybe an 8/10 now, that drink was really working! 2 hours and she was at an 8/10, she figured the drink must be pretty strong!

As Jessie walked towards her room she had to put a hand on her crotch to try and hold it all in, even having to stop a couple of times on the way so she didn't leak. Finally as she got to her door she opened it with her keycard and ran inside, heading straight to the bathroom.

"J-just in time..." she got her shorts off as she sat down on the toilet, letting the torrent go. "Ahhhh..." She closed her eyes happily, the release felt good.

After she was finished, Jessie heard a knock on her door. She opened it, only to find a package. "Huh..." She grabbed the package and took it inside, opening it up on her bed. It was a small grey disc with a button on it. She pressed the button and a blue-ish hologram came out.

"Greetings. You've probably heard that we are on course for the planet Octon VIII," came the familiar voice of the commander, the one who talks to them from somewhere off the ship. She assumed he was still on Earth somewhere. Fair enough, she supposed, he was a busy man.

"On this trip it is crucial that you are all on your best behaviour. Wear some fancier clothes, and make sure if you take a drink you don't spill a drop. The people of this planet are extremely picky about etiquette and you will be put to death if even a single drop of any liquid spills on their ground. And they will know, since their ground is super fertile, and will start sprouting the minute any liquid touches it." Jessie tried hard to memorize the information, as the hologram disc looked expensive, like something she wasn't allowed to keep.

"We will be landing at about 6 am. You must be up and ready by 8, as that is when we will be meeting with their people. Do not be late. Over and out."

Jessie took the disc back out of her room, looking for a place to put it, before being told by one of the robot maids that she could, in fact, keep it. "Oh! Um... thank you." She smiled and pocketed the small device. "It's amazing the technology they managed to find for this place."

At about noon, Jessie had some lunch and enjoyed an off-brand cola. It wasn't Coke, but it was still nice. She wondered why so many of the things on the ship were off-brand. Probably because it was an experimental thing that was only proposed the last year.

Another couple of hours later and the blonde found herself in a movie theater. "This place is massive..." she muttered to herself as she looked around.

A few hours later, around 5:00, she had some dinner, and a large smoothie. One she blended herself, using various fruits she had stored in the fridge in her room. As well as some ice cream. It was more like a milkshake, but Jessie called it a smoothie. She went out to the big console again and checked the course. They were getting pretty close. Doing some research on the planet, she found out that the planet is completely natural. No man-made structures. "What do they do when they...?" she was interrupted by Marie, who hugged her from behind.

"Jessie!" Marie smiled. "You ready? This planet's gonna be so cool! It's like a gigantic forest, with some plains thrown in!"

"Heh, yeah..." Jessie was a little worried, not as ecstatic about it as Marie seemed to be. "Um, it says here that there are no manmade structures on the entirety of the planet."

"Huh... neat!" Marie smiled more. She was always overly-enthusiastic. It warmed Jessie's heart to see.

"Yeah, I guess it is." Jessie smiled a bit.

"What's wrong?" Marie asked. "You nervous?"

Jessie nodded. "We're going to another planet, what if we break a rule? What if they arrest us?"

"Don't worry," Marie said, "We'll be fine!"

And with that she got up and left. Jessie thought about it a bit more and nodded. She knew they'd be fine.

5 hours later and the planet was within sight from any of the giant reinforced windows that lined the ship's exterior. Jessie looked out at it from her room's single window. "Wow..." She smiled. "So beautiful... no wonder we're going there." Jessie noticed the time. "Uh-oh! I'd better get moving if I want to get to bed in time!" She quickly went in and showered. She did need to use the bathroom again, so the water running over her half-full bladder made her squirm a little, but she could hold it fine.

As Jessie exited the bathroom, after relieving herself one last time, she put on some comfy sleepwear and went right to bed.

The next morning, Jessie woke up and looked at her clock. "Oh man, 7:30. I slept in a bit. That's ni-" she suddenly realized what that meant. "7:30!? We're meeting at 8!" She rushed out of bed, jumping in for a 5-minute shower, not even waiting for the water to really warm up, before putting on some more formal clothes - a blue button-up shirt and black dress pants - and heading out the door, ignoring her bladder completely. It had really filled that night, she was very full, but she figured it was better she not be late!

As Jessie headed to the gigantic bay doors, she saw the other passengers all gathered around.

"There you are!" Marie smiled, hugging her friend tightly, putting unwanted pressure on the girl's bladder. Jessie squirmed and hugged back, before Marie let her go and she crossed her legs.

"Um... w-when will this be over?"

"I dunno. A couple hours, maybe?" Marie shrugged. Jessie's eyes grew wide and she considered leaving to go and use the bathroom, as even when she first woke up she was at a 7/10, but soon the doors opened and the crew was led off the ship and into a nice, lush forest, full of every tree imaginable. Even some that didn't exist on Earth. Jessie tried to keep herself focused on not letting herself leak, as she remembered the warning about these people being ultra clean freaks and not wanting anything spilled. She took shallower breaths than normal, to try and keep herself dry.

The group was led past the forest, to a huge field that had been set up with chairs. Apparently flown in from another planet, as these people don't have anything man-made. Jessie looked around to see if she could see if there had maybe been a bathroom flown in too, but she saw nothing. She sat down and crossed her legs tightly. Unfortunately for the desperate blonde, there was a waterfall right nearby. She bounced in her chair, squeezing her muscles tightly to try and keep it in.

A few 'presenters' came on, even a hologram of their ship's commander. Jessie could barely focus, the sound of the rushing water making her hold herself. She really didn't want to do that, at least not in front of so many people, not in her fancy clothes, but she had no choice. She was at an 8/10, getting worse by the moment.

Conversations dragged on, people spoke to one another. The scenery was brilliant, the trees decorated everything nicely, and the planet's emerald green sky looked beautiful, and coated the trees and grass, enhancing the green and making them stand out more. It was pretty warm, too, a nice and warm 23 Celsius. Jessie couldn't really focus on that, however, as she was just about ready to pop.

The 20-something blonde was constantly squirming in her chair, unable to keep still, as she squeezed her muscles shut, her peehole twitching underneath her dress pants and plain black panties. Her hands were placed firmly between her legs and her legs were crossed so tightly that her hands were actually starting to hurt. People had turned to look at her, but she didn't care. She was at 10/10, and needed a bathroom immediately. The conversation had been going on for a while now, and Jessie felt like her bladder was going to burst. As she looked down to check she noticed it was actually bulging out. Putting a solitary finger on it and pressing in very lightly nearly made her lose it. Jessie crossed her legs tighter, wrapping one around the other with a small whimper. She was sweating, but not from the heat. She looked around, and her eyes focused on the waterfall. The green sky gave it a slightly yellow tint... it almost looked like...

"NGH!!"" She grabbed herself tighter, her feet banging against the ground. She needed to keep herself dry, under threat of the death penalty... or at least, that's what she had been told. She wasn't sure if it was completely true... but even if it wasn't, she'd face humiliation in front of her peers and at least a dozen members of this alien community. Finally the event ended and Jessie got up, the sudden change enough to shake her bladder around, sloshing its contents all around and making her almost lose her balance. She tried to walk back towards the ship, but it was a long walk, and she wasn't sure she could make it...

"Hey, Jessie!" Zoe patted her on the back, making her shudder. "Me and a couple of the other girls are gonna go swimming. Wanna come along?" Swimming would definitely make her lose it!

"Um... n-no thanks, I-I'm alr-right...!"

"Aww, c'mon! You never get to go swimming when we're on the ship! Grab your swimsuit, we wanna party!"

"I-I thought w-we had t-to s-stay fancy..." Jessie said, her legs quivering.

"We did!" Zoe said. "But they said now we can do whatever. II asked if we could swim and they shrugged and said sure. Apparently even a few of the natives are gonna join us."

"W-wow..." Jessie nodded. She figured if she went inside to get changed, she could use that time to go the the bathroom, so she nodded. "O-okay, I'll be out soon!" She smiled and turned around, walking as quickly as she could back to the ship. Finally she got back, the giant doors opening for her as she walked back to her room. She had to stop to hold herself a number of times, almost spilling her contents entirely onto the ship's floor. 11/10, her desperation had skyrocketed and was only going to get worse if she didn't get to the bathroom soon.

Finally, Jessie got to her room and opened the door. "U-uhh..." she noticed a maid's cleaning tools outside of her bathroom door, much to her horror. "N-n-no... no no n-n-no..." she walked over and banged on the door.

"Cleaning!" was the only response she got.

"I-I need i-it n-now!" She yelled, banging on the door.

"It can't be used right now, not for a while."

Jessie tried the door, but it was firmly locked. She figured the others were probably waiting for her, and she wanted out of this stuffy outfit anyway (she never did like dressing up), so she walked up to her wardrobe and got undressed. Looking at her nude figure in the mirror, Jessie saw her bulging bladder. It looked... weirdly impressive, in a way. Like she was going for a world record or something.

Suddenly, a small couple of drops leaked out and Jessie grabbed herself tightly again, her now-exposed pussy quivering as she walked slowly back over to her wardrobe, grabbing her 2-piece swimsuit and quickly slipping it on. It was a nice light blue... which would mean any little stain would show up instantly. She smiled, fighting back tears as she put the top on, keeping her legs firmly and tightly crossed so she could have at least 1 hand free. Her bladder bulge was much more pronounced in this form-fitting attire than it was in the fancy clothes, she wondered if people would notice and point it out.

As she stepped outside her room, something she didn't think she'd be doing without first using the bathroom, Jessie noticed the floor of the ship was nice and warm. Not too hot, but being made of metal it had retained some of the heat from the planet. She wasn't sure she'd still be holding onto her massive load of piss if she stepped her shaky bare feet onto a freezing metal floor, so she was thankful for that. As her room's door closed behind her she grabbed herself through the bikini, walking slowly back to the giant doors. As Jessie stepped back outside, she looked for the girls and noticed they were in the water already... right under a waterfall. She gasped and crossed her legs MUCH tighter than before, her whole body quivering from the pressure. She managed to compose herself and walked over, dipping a toe in the water. It was a little cool, making her almost lose a lot of her load, but she held on tightly, tighter than ever before, and stepped into the water.

The girls noticed her massive bladder bulge as she stepped into the water, and Zoe looked at it curiously.

"What happened?" she asked.

"Huh? W-what do y-y-you mean?" Jessie responded, trying not to let the water constantly pouring out just a few feet from her get to her or make her lose it.

"I mean this!" Zoe poked at her bladder bulge and Jessie gasped, closing her eyes and grabbing herself again, backing up right into the waterfall. That made her gasp even more as the cool water pouring over her made her bladder twitch and spasm.

"I-I-I..." She breathed shallowly, almost holding her breath at this point. 13/10. Explosion imminent.

Zoe put an arm around her, the other girls looking concerned. "You okay?" she asked.

"I-I c-c-can't h-h-hold it..." she crossed her legs under the water. She had never, ever held this much before, not even close. She quickly got out of the water (which dried up on her instantly so as not to spill anything on the planet's surface) and was immediately crippled by the pressure, falling to her knees. "A-a-aaah..."

Marie, who had been talking with some of the others, saw this and approached her. "Gotta pee?" she asked. Jessie simply nodded in response. "Can you hold it just a little longer?" Jessie looked up at her.

"W-w-why?"

"I can lead you to my room and let you use my toilet."

Jessie nodded. "Th-th-thanks M-Marie..." she felt some yellow liquid pressing against the inside of her urethra and she fought it back, squeezing harder.

Finally she got back to her feet, walking as quickly as she could, which was still at a snail's pace, with Marie. Marie, looking concerned for her friend, had an idea. "Hey, c'mon."

"H-huh? W-where a-a-are w-we g-going?" she asked.

"My room's too far, we're going to the cafeteria."

Jessie nodded, just wanting to be able to see as soon as possible. She felt her pee right up against her, she brought it back again but it took a lot of effort. She squeezed her muscles tighter, squirming and pressing her legs right together. She would have crossed them, and crossed them tightly, if she could while walking, but she had to settle for this. She was surprised she could even still walk at the moment. As she was walking, Jessie looked down at her poor, distended, twitching bladder bulge. It looked like it felt: like it was about to pop. Like a water balloon threatened by a million pins.

As they finally got to the elevator, Jessie leaned against the back wall and crossed her legs tighter than before. So tight that she swore she'd cut off the circulation to one of her legs if she kept like that for long enough.

As they got to the cafeteria floor they saw one of their shipmates, Jamie, drinking one of those tropical orange juices from the bagel place. It was sloshing around, and she even had some on her shirt. Jamie was always a bit clumsy. This sight made Jessie lose a little, leaking onto the cafeteria floor. "E-eepp!" She held herself tightly, falling to her knees again.

"What's with her?" Jamie asked.

"Oh, she's gotta-" before Marie could finish her sentence, however, Jamie tripped, her drink flying out of her hand and spilling all over Jessie.

Jessie gasped. The sudden chill of the cold drink. The yellow tint. The wetness. It was all too much, and just like that, the floodgates opened. Her pee poured out of her like a faucet, soaking her bathing suit as she tried but failed to stand up, struggling. Tears filled Jessie's eyes as she looked up at Marie. The yellow stuff still flowing out of her, Jessie looked down to see her bladder bulge shrinking. And it felt amazing. The sudden release of all that built-up pressure was almost orgasmic. She actually almost moaned. Her body shivered from the bliss of release, something it had been denied for about 12 full hours.

As it kept going, Jamie was no longer the only one watching, as a couple other people, mostly cafeteria staff, gathered around as the seconds turned into over a minute. There was a huge puddle Jessie was now sitting in, and Marie and Jamie had moved away from.

As she finally finished, Jessie, now having regained strength in her legs, quickly got up and tried to run, but ended up tripping and falling. She got up again, this time more carefully, and walked to the cafeteria bathroom. She teared up a bit more as she saw herself in the mirror. She had peed herself in front of at least 5 people, her bathing suit was soaked through. She couldn't keep wearing it! ...Right? She could always pass it off like she was swimming... but the smell might give it away. Plus, she'd know, and she'd be disgusted.

She was easily grossed out by that kind of thing... if it was a skirt, then maybe, but this was clung tightly to her body. Plus... Jessie had always been a little bit of a closeted exhibitionist, so... this might be exciting. she saw it, if nothing else, as an opportunity. If anyone asked, she'd have an excuse. As Jessie took off her bikini, she realized she didn't have her keycard with her. She cursed under her breath and, covering her exposed pussy and B-cups with either hand, she walked out of the bathroom.

Being naked in the cafeteria was weird. She'd always thought about doing something like this, but actually doing it made her heart pound. She made her way quickly over to the elevator and pressed the button, hoping nobody could see her bare butt from where she was. Jessie was a fairly modest girl, so carrying her wet bikini in one hand while running around in the nude was certainly strange.

As she got onto the elevator, with someone else on it, she retreated into the corner so they couldn't stare at her butt. "D-don't look at me... please..." The person shrugged as the elevator came to a stop. Jessie got off and ran out, making her way to a laundry hamper that one of the maids left outside a room and quickly dumping her bathing suit inside. "There... n-now to just..." She took the opportunity to search through the clothes, but as expected they were all dirty, since it was a laundry hamper. "Ugh..." She quickly ran, luckily she knew there was an office on her floor. The receptionist could give her a new keycard. Having to go and talk to someone, naked, made it even more thrilling, and she could feel herself getting wet in a different way.

As she walked through, she started to relax, even relaxing her hands, since she seemed to be the only one on the floor. Unfortunately, however, as she turned a particular corner, a bunch of people were coming in, and a few noticed the naked blonde. "EEEP!" She gasped and ran, covering her body again. A couple of them pulled out their phones to take pictures, but she was long gone by that point. Thoroughly embarrassed and humiliated from before, she finally made it to the receptionist's office. "I-I..." She tried to think of a lie, and the best she came up with was "I... l-lost my clothes... could I get a new keycard, please?" The receptionist blushed and nodded, handing her one. Jessie took it, briefly uncovering her breasts to do so. "Th-thanks...!!" She figured it was not the most rational decision to strip, but she really didn't want to stay soaked like that for so long... plus, her exhibitionism and general kinkiness took over her rational mind at the time.

As Jessie ran out, she made her way back to her room and used the keycard to open the door, making her way inside and flopping down on her bed. "I can't believe that happened." She thought about the whole event in her mind, and realized... after that day, nobody on the ship would look at her the same way again. She just hoped her bladder would never, ever get that full again.

Jessie quickly got dressed again, before sitting on her bed, going over the situation in her mind again and again, remembering every little detail... and hoping against hope itself that on the next planet, fate wouldn't be so cruel.

###

So, that's the first chapter! As always, feedback is heavily appreciated.

*002*2019-06-29 06:16

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

What a fantastic first chapter

}}

Thanks a lot.

*004*2019-06-29 07:38

{{1 hour ago, huberp76 said:

Really great! Thank you.

}}

Glad you liked it!

*006*2019-06-29 18:49

{{9 hours ago, Keita123 said:

That was wonderful!

}}

Yay, thanks a lot.

*008*2019-06-29 21:48

{{1 hour ago, bladderboi said:

Great story really enjoyed it!

}}

Yay! I plan to write more.

