Chronicles of omorashi women

Author: brown1410

*000*2024-07-27 02:14

Here is my recurring stories of omorashi women, inspired by users on the site!

Here is story 1: the curvy BBW Emily.

Here is what Emily looks like:

&&

Emily was a lonely office worker with one thing she enjoyed the most. Hold her pee in. She had stunning blonde hair with a curvy BBW body. Since she was usually alone, she would do a lot of holding from time to time, while freely expressing her need to pee and swearing all she wants in her own private office. Today was going to be a fun day for her, as she had an all day hold all set up already. Her bladder was like a camel's, in which she could hold a lot of pee in. Her plan was to drink 4L of water and 4 large cups of coffee today.

She woke up fresh as usual, and took her morning pee before having her routine and headed off to work.

Emily: Today, I'm wearing this outfit:

&&

As usual, she got her 4 iced coffees and gulped the first one down like it was nothing. She arrived at her office, and began to do her tasks for today, which was to send some memos and letters to other employees, and just check on the progress of her project. During this time, she drank 1L of water and another one of her coffees. It was lunchtime as she got some fastfood and a large soda to gulp through. Back at work, she continued what she had to do for the day, and when she was finished, she drank her last 2 waters and coffees. By then, her bladder was full enough that she started to pee-pee dance and swear.

Emily: OMG, I gotta pee so bad!

Emily continued to stay in her office until closing time, dancing in her seat and whispering "fuckfuckfuckfuck" repeatedly. When it was time to pack things up, Emily went to her car, still dancing and cursing. Now she needed to find a private spot outside for a naughty wetting as she started her car. As Emily desperately drove through the night, she kept on cursing like a sailor.

Emily: Shit! Oh fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck me!

She eventually found a abandoned gas station as her bladder muscles were super tired, and she got her phone ready to record her hot wetting and cursing as she cursed even more to the point where she only curses now.

Emily: Fuck, fuck, fuck, fucking fuck, fuck! I fucking gotta pee so fucking bad!

Emily went outside, where she entered the view of her phone, and soon, her bladder muscles gave up, and the dam was finally burst as her massive flood of her hot, crystal clear pee came pooling down into her jeans and onto the concrete. Her pee lasted like it there was no tomorrow, as her flood was still going strong. Eventually, her flood stopped, and she went back into her car to take a photo of her wet jeans and also felt so good about her naughty accident.

Emily: That was so satisfying!

Emily got back into her car with her wet jeans and noticed she felt so good peeing her pants that she would never use a toilet again.

Emily: I feel so sexy wearing wet pants, fuck yeah motherfucker!

Emily went home, and since she had to pee again, she peed her jeans once more before she showered and went to bed for the rest of the night, with another hold planned for tomorrow.

Emily: Tomorrow is going to be even more fun! Hopefully I get to have some fun in my wet pants again!

Next story comes soon!

