Самоисполняющееся пророчество (полное и исправленное)

Автор: brucejedi [x] (-)

*006*2021-04-22 05:03

Chapter 7. Intimate Confessions

A thick silence loomed over breakfast the next morning. Whenever Kyle looked at Courtney, she would avert her gaze, and when she looked back at him, he would avert his. She shifted in her seat. For the first time in weeks, she hadn’t even tried to pee this morning. She’d simply swapped her overnight for a dry diaper, resigned to her need to wear it—as last night had made so painfully clear.

Then they both began talking at once.

“You go first,” said Courtney.

“No, you.”

“I’m really sorry about the dress,” was all she managed to say.

“We’ll dry-clean it, good as new.”

Courtney nodded, then resumed eating her pancakes in silence. Soon she felt herself begin to wet. She considered holding it back, but what was the point? As the spray commenced, she wondered if she would ever succeed at toilet-training.

“Come on, what’s really bothering you?” Kyle asked.

“Nothing.”

“Seriously, don’t worry about the dress.”

“It’s not the dress, okay!” Courtney stomped off to her room.

* * *

An hour later, she still lay with her face buried behind her laptop. I should tell him. Then he could support me as Jenny and Krystal have. But what if he finds it ridiculous, like that waitress did? Doesn’t matter, I’m through with trying, anyhow. I’m hopeless at it. I should go change this wet diaper.

Just then, Kyle burst into the room, grinning broadly. “Hi sweetheart…”

“Hmm?”

“Want to tell me what these are?” He dangled the pink panties between his hands.

Courtney’s eyes grew round, as she remembered leaving them drying on the showerhead like an idiot. “Um, they’re…um…”

“A sex toy, aren’t they?”

“What?”

“—For couples into wetting. That’s why you’re so quiet this morning—trying to act coy…”

Courtney just stared.

“Here I was, worried that I came on too strong with that diaper comment last night, but you were already planning this—oh no, I ruined your surprise, didn’t I? You were going to emerge from your shower wearing them—”

Suddenly Courtney burst out laughing. “Come here, Kyle.” He lay down next to her, and she rested her head on his chest. “They’re not a sex toy.”

“They’re not?”

“I know you’re into me wetting, but I’m not. Quite the opposite, actually…” She took a deep breath. “You know the conversation we had a few months ago, when you wouldn’t give back my diaper?”

“Oh, I’m sorry about that. I didn’t know it would—”

“—No, no, it’s fine. But it got me thinking…especially after my accident the following night. I guess…I’m tired of being stuck in diapers.”

“It must be difficult.”

“Yeah, so…I met with this urologist, and she’s been helping me…toilet-train.”

Kyle stared at her. “But…you’re a girl. Doesn’t that make you incapable—”

“—Actually, no one knows for sure.”

“Who exactly is this urologist?”

“Well, she studied with this woman—look, it’s not important. The point is…I just…” her voice grew soft. “I wanted to try it.”

Kyle stared for another moment, then broke into a smile. “Well, then I think you should!”

She kissed him on the cheek. “I knew you’d understand, sweetheart!” She felt a weight lift from her chest. With Kyle on board, she was ready to charge on ahead. “So here’s the deal: I’m gonna go change into a pull-up.”

“You mean like what a little boy might…”

Courtney nodded.

“I knew something seemed different when I touched you there recently.”

She rolled her eyes. Touching a girlfriend’s diaper, even through clothes, was considered taboo. “Yeah, well these…” she held up the panties, “are the next step beyond pull-ups.”

“Ohhh,” said Kyle.

“But—obviously—I’m not ready for them.” She left to go change. Soon she returned to find Kyle fingering the silken underwear. “Cute, huh?”

“You wore them last night…”

Courtney slowly nodded. “I never meant to—it all happened so fast.” Kyle seemed to understand. “Listen,” she said, “when this timer goes off, I need to step out for a minute. Got it?”

“Got it.”

“And if I need to step out—at another time—don’t think it rude, okay?”

“Okay.” He smiled. “This sounds fun, almost like a dare.”

“Something like that,” said Courtney.

* * *

That afternoon, she agreed to go for a hike in the woods.

“Don’t you just love it out here?” said Kyle.

“It’s wonderful.” Courtney thought of all their Saturdays spent cooped up indoors. For weeks, she had refused to go anywhere far from a toilet, claiming it was still “too cold out” or “too rainy.” It felt nice to catch at least the tail end of spring.

“Shall we take this other loop?” Kyle proposed. “Still plenty of daylight left.”

“How long is it?”

He studied the map. “Just a mile or so.”

“You’re sure, right?”

“Yeah, why?”

“You know why.”

“Ohhh. How much time is left?”

Courtney checked her phone. “Twenty-eight minutes.”

Kyle grabbed her hand. “Well come on, let’s go then!”

They walked through a grove of pine trees, then across a quaint bridge over a stream.

“Excuse me for a minute,” said Kyle.

Courtney watched as he walked a few yards from the trail, unzipped, and watered a tree. Just as he returned, her timer sounded.

“Maybe you better go too,” he said.

“Maybe we better head to the porta-potties at the trailhead, as fast as possible.”

“Well let’s go, then!”

Ten minutes later, the trailhead was nowhere in sight.

“I thought you said it was only a mile,” Courtney muttered.

“A mile—or so. And I was assuming a faster pace.”

“You’re like half a foot taller than me! I’ve taken way more steps than you have.”

Kyle shrugged. After another ten minutes, he turned to Courtney. “Are you sure you’ll make it?”

“No.” Her bladder told her nothing, but she was long overdue.

“I think you should try going in the woods.”

“Um, how?” Courtney had never seen or heard of a woman doing it. Why would they, wearing diapers?

“Drop your jeans and aim for a tree?”

“Very funny. I have nothing to aim with, remember?”

“Hmm, good point… Worth a try, though, maybe.”

“Oh, I’ve tried—facing the toilet, standing. It goes everywhere—off to one side, backwards, down my legs…”

“Interesting,” said Kyle. He thought for a moment. “So then, how do you—”

“I have to sit. See the problem?” She considered just waiting till she wet herself, but then what would Kyle think? She wanted him to believe in her. “I could try squatting, I suppose… Will you keep a lookout, please?”

So Courtney dodged around bushes and weeds until she judged herself sufficiently far from the path. She glanced around nervously before sliding her pull-up and jeans down her thighs. Then she crouched down and spread her legs as far as her clothes would allow, her right hand pressing against the ground for balance. She thought of Kyle effortlessly unzipping in front of a tree. So unfair.

Courtney peered down. Ugh. The band of her jeans seemed in the direct line of fire. With her free hand, she pulled them forwards as far as they would stretch. Then she waited…and waited. She tried picturing the rushing stream beneath the bridge, but instead she kept imagining hikers passing by, seeing her in this compromising position. No respectable lady would ever do this—they would pee discreetly in their diaper.

With that thought, the first drops emerged, building to a spray that nearly splashed her jeans. She listened to the pitter-patter of pee against dirt. Then she heard something else.

“Howdy, mates,” came Kyle’s voice.

“Good afternoon.”

Courtney looked up. The hikers’ forms were only partly obscured—and if she could see them, surely they could see her. She wiggled her bottom, searching for an angle that muffled the hissing sound. Don’t be ridiculous—they can’t hear that! Just stay still. She glanced back down at the puddle spreading beneath her. Quietly as possible, she scooched her feet even farther apart to spare her shoes. Oh, why couldn’t she just be happy wetting her diaper like a normal girl?

Finally the flow receded until all she felt were droplets running down her butt cheeks. She heard the hikers walking away and breathed a sigh of relief. Now, what she wouldn’t give for some toilet paper? She shook her fanny as best she could; her pull-up would have to absorb the rest.

“I don’t think they saw you,” said Kyle, as she emerged from the bushes. “I distracted them pretty well.”

“By saying, ‘Howdy, mates?’”

“Brilliant, right? So how did it…go, back there?”

“Sometimes I wish I were a guy.”

* * *

That evening, Courtney showed off her pull-up to Kyle. “See? Still dry.” Minus a few drops here and there.

“Wow, Courtney!”

“Sorry, I know it’s kind of plain-looking. I’ll be right back, okay?” She soon reemerged in a much frillier diaper.

“Quite frankly, I’m amazed,” said Kyle, resting his hands on her ruffled hips.

“Oh really?”

“Sure. Until today, I didn’t think a girl could even pee in the toilet, let alone crouched in the woods.”

“Amazed, hmm?”

He slid off her shirt to reveal her matching bra. Courtney’s eyes fell closed as his fingers danced along her inner thighs…

Sometime later, Courtney opened her eyes and sat up. “That felt lovely,” she said, still catching her breath. “Can you hand me my diaper?”

Kyle held it up. Then he grinned and placed it on the far side of the bed.

Courtney crossed her arms below her breasts.

“I’m just kidding. You can have it.”

“Actually…let’s leave it off for a bit. I need to work at being less nervous about it. I mean, I just peed like half-an-hour ago.”

“Okay, sweetheart.” Kyle scooched around behind her, his legs on either side. “So you’ve learned to make it to the toilet, then, if it came to it?”

“Um, no…but getting closer.”

“Hmm, care to elaborate?” He slid his hands along her waist.

“Well, before, wettings would just happen whenever, and I had no control over it.”

“And now?”

“Now it’s like…a sudden pressure that builds, and I press back against it.” She paused, deciding whether to indulge him. “Sometimes the pressure subsides…but then it returns seconds later, even stronger. I squeeze with all my strength, but it keeps building and building until the muscles down there go numb. And then I feel my pull-up inflate.”

Kyle stroked her hips. “Maybe you shouldn’t let it get to that point. Try going earlier.”

“Right. That’s what the timer’s for.”

“No, not with the timer. I mean, go before it starts feeling so urgent.”

“But how would I know when? I don’t feel…anything…until—”

“—Until you’re about to wet yourself?”

“Yeah.”

“Then how will you ever move out of diapers?”

* * *

“It’s a valid question to raise,” said Allison. “I was hoping you’d feel something by now.”

“Well—I do, just before I go.”

“That’s urine pressing against your sphincter as your bladder contracts. You need to feel it grow full enough to want to contract, but before it happens.”

“So why don’t I?”

“Jane thought the brain forgets how to interpret the signals—that it’s a matter of learning to hear them again.”

“You sound skeptical.”

“Well, it could be that the signals just aren’t getting sent.”

“At all? Why not?”

“Think about it. A man feels nothing, either, until his bladder fills to a certain level. Yours empties long before that, and you lack the strength to prevent it.”

“But I’ve made so much progress.”

“Your best reading is a 4. Courtney, normal continence is probably upwards of a 9 or 10.”

“Oh.”

“Normal continence—for a man, that is. Even shy of that, you might still be free from diapers—just needing the toilet more often than average.”

Courtney thought for a moment. “By your theory, how much stronger would I need to be to start feeling warning signs in advance?”

“Before you can delay urination long enough for the nerves to fire? That’s the million-dollar question, isn’t it?”

* * *

So Courtney redoubled her efforts. In the meantime, Kyle gradually took on a new role. On their way out the door, he would ask, “Wait, are you forgetting something?” Or more blatantly, “Do you need the toilet before we go?” Sometimes it annoyed her. She was a grown woman, not some toddler. She could remind herself! But in truth, she often did forget. And when her potty timer proved inadequate—at predicting the length of a car ride or a movie, for example—Kyle provided a helpful supplement.

One day he suggested they leave it turned off.

Courtney blinked. “Uh, how would that work, exactly?”

“You can’t rely on it forever. I’ll help, okay?”

Reluctantly, she gave it a try. And almost like clockwork, he reminded her just when to go.

“Again already?” she asked when he admonished her after lunch. “But I just went.”

“That was forty-five minutes ago, before drinking two glasses of water.”

“Oh, I guess you’re right.” It seemed so obvious now that he said it.

That evening when it came time to change into her overnight, Courtney’s pull-up was still dry.

“How’d I do?” Kyle asked.

She smiled at him. “Quite frankly, I’m amazed.”

* * *

After that, they would often leave the timer off when together. Courtney noted his suggestions and slowly grew more attuned to her bladder’s rhythms. His reminders continued to annoy her, but no more so than her own tendency to forget.

“Courtney?”

“Hmm?” Her eyes stayed glued to her screen.

“Courtney?”

“Five more minutes—this episode’s about to end.”

“Courtney? You said that half-an-hour ago, but did you actually—”

“—Fine, I’ll go!” She slammed closed her laptop. Then she whispered, “Whoops.”

Kyles placed his hands on his hips. “How bad?”

“Moderate-sized leak… Oh wait—” A new pressure built, far stronger than what had just slipped through. In that moment, the bathroom seemed so very far away and her bed so very comfortable.

“You’re peeing, aren’t you?” There was no hiding it; these days, he always seemed to know. “Courtney, Courtney, Courtney,” he muttered, shaking his head.

Had her potty been nearby, she might have reached it in time—but the thought of him seeing her use it still mortified her. Of course she’d been wetting in public all her life, but to do so audibly, nakedly in front of him, felt different. So the potty remained hidden away.

Courtney rose from the bed. “I don’t think you realize how difficult this is. Is it unreasonable not to want to obsess over the state of my bladder every single second?”

“It’s perfectly reasonable…” His hand traced the curve of her hip. “What if you’d been in panties, though?”

She removed his hand. “But I’m not. I’m in a pull-up.”

“Maybe that’s the problem.”

Deep down, Courtney knew he was right. If she wanted to succeed at this, she needed to stay dry, not just some of the time, but always—and that was a tall order indeed. Kyle could not be around all the time. Without him or the timer to guide her, Courtney felt in over her head.

That evening she confided in Jenny.

“Hey girl, where’s that pretty face?”

Courtney adjusted her video settings. “That better?”

“Reddish brown locks, piercing green eyes—yes, much! So, how’s the potty-training going?”

“Trying not to call it that. Sounds a bit degrading, doesn’t it?”

“Sorry.”

“Yeah, it’s going okay.”

“Still using the potty ti—I mean, toilet timer?”

“Not anymore. Now mostly Kyle reminds me.”

“Sounds irritating.”

“Yeah, I often want to strangle him, but…remembering on my own is way harder.”

“I bet.”

“There’s how much water I drank recently, and how long it’s been since I last used the toilet, and how long before I’ll get to go again—and I have to feed all that into a giant equation and decide whether I need to go right now or can wait ten minutes till the show ends—hold Krystal up with yet another trip to the bathroom or just get in the car. And if I pause the show or make her wait…half the time I sit there and nothing happens. It’s a huge guessing game with no rules.”

“Like playing Russian roulette with your bladder.”

“Yes…yes! Finally someone who understands.”

“Sounds like how my 3-year-old must feel.”

Was it? “Physically, maybe…but I bet he’s far less terrified of screwing up.”

“I take it you haven’t graduated to panties, then?”

Courtney sighed. “No, still in pull-ups. Not much better than diapers, really. They both imply I’m incontinent.”

“And I wear diapers every day, without thinking anything of it.”

“Ignorance is bliss,” said Courtney.

“Well, do you think you’re ready?”

“For ‘adult underwear?’ Kyle keeps badgering me to try them, but the one time I did…” her voice trailed off.

“You’ll get there! Soon you’ll be perched on the porcelain throne, sliding them down your thighs like a queen.”

“And all my royal subjects will bow to my cooch, begging for wisdom on how I pee on the throne and not down my dress.” They broke into hysterics.

Eventually Jenny’s smiled faded. “Maybe you could share that wisdom with me someday.”

“Better talk to my cooch… Honestly Jenny, I don’t know what to do at this point.”

“I think you do know.”

“See, that’s why I called you! You’re right…I guess I do. I’m just so afraid to take that step.”

* * *

It turned out Kyle knew as well.

“What are you doing?” Courtney asked.

“Providing motivation.” He finished removing her pull-up. Then he slid the white pair of panties up her legs.

“Kyle, I’ll just wet them.”

“Come on, when’s the last time you wet your pull-up on my watch?”

“Um, last Saturday?”

“On the super-long car ride, when you refused to pull off the highway?”

“I’m sorry, gas station toilets are disgusting.”

“More so than sitting in your own pee?”

“Better that than sitting in someone else’s.”

“Look, it’s irrelevant. We’ll be home the whole time, just steps away from the pristine bathroom I just cleaned.”

“Yeah…pristine for how long? These won’t protect the floor or my skirt.” She slid her hand along the paper-thin fabric.

“Believe in yourself, Courtney.” He pulled her skirt up over the panties.

“Fine, but I’m still taking extra precautions…” She trudged to the bathroom to insert one of the pads Allison had sent. Self-adhesive held it snug within her underwear, but it seemed worrisomely thin. A backup measure was needed—one far less discrete, unfortunately. With a deep breath, she retrieved it from the closet.

“Woah, what’s that?” Kyle asked.

Courtney gazed towards her navel. “You know what it is.”

“A potty? Do you…use it often?”

“Um…when nobody’s around.” She placed it on the floor beside her. Apparently Jenny had been spot-on: To call this anything other than potty-training was disingenuous.

All that afternoon, memories of the restaurant haunted Courtney’s mind. Each time she laughed or cleared her throat, and felt her pad grow damp, she imagined the dam bursting open.

“Still your move,” said Kyle, tapping the Scrabble board.

“I’ll be right back,” she said.

“You just went twenty minutes ago. Did none come out?”

“No, some did.”

“Then relax—you’re good for now. You’ve hardly drunk anything all day.”

Regardless, Courtney kept shifting her legs back and forth, unnerved by the lack of padding in between. Kyle spelled long words like “xylophone,” but she could only think of ones like “drip” or “wet.”

“That’s all you got?”

“No, wait—here’s a better one.” She laid out “puddle” on a triple word score. And then—“Kyle, ohmygosh, ohmygosh!” She clenched her thighs together.

“Potty’s right there. You got this.”

Courtney rose on unsteady legs. Despite all her practice in pull-ups, she fumbled at removing her underwear while lifting her skirt. “Ack—cover your eyes, please!” An errant spurt splashed her thigh. She sat down heavily, and her spray shot forth into the plastic bowl. “And your ears too…” She gazed up at him, calm and composed on the couch, while she sat inches off the floor, desperately peeing in a toddler’s toilet.

Kyle commended her accomplishment. “Wow, sweetheart. You did it!”

After catching her breath, Courtney glanced around. “Ugh. Would you mind grabbing me some toilet paper?”

* * *

The hurdle finally crossed, Courtney resumed her nightly practice sessions with the potty—only now in underwear. Though the stakes were higher, the steps were the same—stand up, walk/run, undress, sit and release. Having it close-by made wearing panties less nerve-racking.

“Dinner’s ready!” Kyle called.

Courtney emerged from the bedroom in stylish clothes, her hair done up…and the potty under her arm. She placed it beside her chair, then forced a smile. “Smells delicious!”

Kyle dished out the spaghetti. As they ate, they took turns glancing at her plastic toilet.

“It’s okay, darling. Don’t be embarrassed by it.”

“Oh, I’m not,” she lied. At least diapers were worn under clothes—not sitting out, staring you in the face during dinner.

“So, convinced any friends to try yet?”

“Well, Krystal’s a lost cause. She seems to enjoy wearing diapers, even.”

“And Jenny?”

“Jury’s still out. I think she’s watching how I do, first.”

“Ah, so you’re the guinea pig.”

“Pretty much.”

“Headline: Can women learn to pee in the toilet? All eyes follow Miss Courtney Clark.”

“—Who still brings a potty on dinner dates.” She twirled spaghetti around her fork.

Kyle stared at her intently. Then he stood and lifted the potty off the floor.

“What are you doing?” Courtney asked.

“Stowing this back in the closet.”

“But I’m wearing panties…”

“Yes, I know. There’s your incentive.” She watched him take away her final crutch.

Courtney’s heart beat fast, a disaster reel flashing through her mind—Jenny’s swim party, Truth or Dare all those years ago, wetting the bed before sex, wetting her birthday dress. She gazed at the archway to the hall, with the bathroom just beyond it—not 15 ft. away, but it felt like miles.

Soon Kyle returned. “You okay, sweetie?”

“Um, sure… What’s for dessert?”

“Ice cream.”

“Will you excuse me for a minute, first?”

“Courtney, let’s finish the meal together.” Then he added, “You might surprise yourself.”

She took a deep breath and focused on enjoying the ice cream.

And then it struck. “Ohmygosh, Kyle!” She took a few halting steps before shoving both hands between her legs. “Ooh, it’s coming right now!”

“Nope, you’re going in the toilet, not here.”

“Okay…ack!” A bit escaped, but she pressed back with all her might.

“Left foot, right foot… Come on, Courtney, carrying you would be cheating.”

She stumbled forward, her groin ready to explode. Another squirt escaped as she entered the bathroom, but the dam still held. The changing table beckoned as she passed it, harkening back to a simpler time.

“Ohmygosh, ohmygosh!” She raised her skirt and yanked down her panties just as the stream erupted, splattering the toilet seat—but she plopped down upon it before much damage was done. Then she listened with satisfaction to the audible hiss of pee hitting water.

“You did it,” said Kyle.

“I can’t believe it. See, look! My skirt’s totally dry.”

*007*2021-04-23 21:14

Chapter 8. Raising the Bar, part 1

Courtney and Kyle lay in bed, basking in the morning sun that pierced the windows.

“So, should I?” she asked.

“Do you wanna?” he replied.

“Okay…what color?”

“I say, pink.”

Courtney went to shower and soon reemerged in a robe. “Are you ready?”

Kyle nodded.

“Ta da!” She parted the flaps, revealing pink panties and a floral lace bra to match. “See how slim my hips look?” She spun in front of him, the robe dropping to the floor.

“Hmm, let me inspect.” He brought his hand to her rear and squeezed the softly yielding flesh.

“Hey!” Courtney squealed.

“No diaper there. What’s to worry about?” He grinned.

It still felt novel to have her bottom this exposed, with no padding there save her own—but in this moment, she rather appreciated it. They lay down on the bed facing each other, her hand resting on her curvy hip.

Kyle fingered the hem of her underwear. “You know, I used to think these looked odd—like they weren’t really clothes. But I appreciate them now.”

“Yeah,” Courtney agreed, “sort of an au naturel look.”

“How do they feel to wear?”

“Different. Kind of like—if a diaper were a padded underwire bra, these would be a wireless sheer one.”

“Do they still make you nervous?”

Of course he would ask. “Yeah…they do. I mean, I just peed, but—”

“Really? Funny I heard no flush.”

“Um…in the shower, actually.”

“You pee in the shower?”

“I imagine all women do. Kind of hard to avoid…”

Kyle’s fingers grew more adventurous, gracing her inner thighs and her underwear in between. Her eyelids drooped, her legs parting to grant him better access. She felt him slide the panties down.

With that, Courtney closed her legs and removed his hand. “Kind of defeats the purpose if we take them off, don’t you think?”

Kyle nodded reluctantly.

She smiled, whispering, “Plenty of time for that later…” Then she walked to her dresser, settling on a fitted tee and powder-blue leggings. “So what’s the plan for today?”

“How about a stroll around the block?”

“Kyle…”

“Come on, it would only be a few minutes. Didn’t you just go?”

“Alright, fine.”

As they descended the steps, the cool breeze reminded her again what was lacking. She had spent lots of time with him in panties recently, but not outside their respective apartments. She squeezed Kyle’s hand. “Just around the block, okay? No ‘extra loops’ this time.”

“Okay,” he laughed.

As they walked, he seemed to sense her lingering anxiety and placed an arm around her. She welcomed it graciously.

On the final stretch, he called, “Tag, you’re it!” and sprinted ahead.

Courtney ran after him, tagging him back once he slowed down to let her. “Great, now my pad’s wet.”

“Did you know your breasts bounce when you run?”

“Yes, Kyle. That’s why we wear sports bras—unless of course, we’re tricked into running.”

“It’s cute.”

“Cute and annoying.”

Back inside, Kyle served them freshly squeezed lemonade.

Courtney took a deep sip and asked, “Why do we even bother with the store-bought brand?”

“Easier, I guess.”

She thought for a moment. “Kind of like diapers.”

“Hmm?”

“Easier than what I’m trying, but far less satisfying.”

“Yeah, I suppose so.”

Courtney finished her lemonade. I should probably try using the—

“—Is it ‘later’ yet?” Kyle asked. “Because your curves look…irresistible in that outfit.” He lifted her off her seat.

“Yay, piggyback ride!”

He laid her on the bed.

“Irresistible, hmm? Which curves, exactly?”

“These…” he cupped her hips through the stretchy blue fabric. “And these…” he kneaded her thighs.

“What about these?” she slipped off her shirt, revealing her breasts clad in the floral bra.

“Those cute, annoying ones?”

“Only thing annoying me now are these…tight straps…” she flicked one off her shoulder.

“Oh but without those, you’d be jiggling uncomfortably,” he teased. “Better leave them fastened.”

“Then I’m taking these off…” she unzipped his jeans. “Buuut—first I’m running to the toilet!” She scooched off the bed and ran awkwardly down the hall, one hand pressed between her legs while the other clutched her chest—her bra less effective with the strap dangling. Squirts of pee had already begun wetting her pad.

Courtney nearly made it—but as she burst through the bathroom door, a torrent erupted in her underwear, negating all chance of safely reaching the toilet. As Kyle came running, she stood with her knees bent and her butt thrust back, striving to regain control as streaks of pee darkened her leggings. Finally she turned to face him, her arm still crossing her chest as if the stray bra strap were the extent of her troubles.

“Let’s get you cleaned up,” was all he said.

Soon her wet clothes lay in a heap, while hot water beat down upon her and washed away the pee, if not her shame.

Kyle poked his head in. “Mind if I join you?”

Courtney smiled at his muscled body—a small consolation, she supposed. “You could have reminded me to go, earlier,” she mumbled.

“And that’s my responsibility?”

“Well, no.”

He hugged her tight, causing her naked chest to press into his. She wished she could stay there forever in his arms, under the steamy spray. She could even pee all she wanted, and no one would know or care, not even him.

“I’m sorry,” Kyle said at last. “I should have reminded you after all that lemonade.”

“I should have reminded myself.”

“Well…maybe it’s time to raise the bar higher—keep you more on your toes.”

“Higher than the prospect of soaking my leggings?”

He nodded.

What could he have in mind?

* * *

A few weeks later, Courtney stood at her dresser, picking out clothes.

“How about these?” Kyle held up a racy black diaper.

“Oh, I should at least wear a pull-up. I’ll be fine in one.”

“You’ll be drinking, though. Don’t you want a night to relax?”

“Relaxing doesn’t have to mean wetting myself. Why don’t you try going clubbing in a diaper—see how it feels?”

“Should I wear a bra too?”

Courtney smirked. “Only if it matches.”

Kyle moved in close. “Wear it for me, so I can picture how it looks under your dress.” He slid his hand up the back of her thigh.

Honestly, a night not worrying about her bladder felt long overdue. Since the leggings incident, she had scrambled to the toilet half-a-dozen times, but also failed just as often. All three panties needed washing on multiple occasions. Meanwhile, Kyle kept coaxing her forward—quick runs to the store, fast food joints, brunch places, all with her in underwear. She was in the big leagues now, craving a timeout.

And yet, she felt silly wearing a ruffly diaper to a bar, of all places. Well, she could treat it the same as a pull-up, she supposed, despite it being more cumbersome to slide off and on. She slipped it between her legs and did up the tapes. Then she touched Kyle’s cheek. “I expect ample reward when we get home.”

After packing her purse with the same style of diaper, Courtney placed it by the door and went to finish her hair and makeup. She peed in the toilet, and they were off.

“Kyle!” she said upon opening the car door. “This is a fancy outing—you couldn’t at least clean this out?” With her foot, she pushed his collection of fast-food wrappers and cups a safe distance from where her party dress would drape.

“Uh…sorry,” he replied.

On the ride downtown, she thought of their recent trip to the grocery store…

~ ~

As soon as they entered, Courtney had insisted they scout the location of the restrooms.

Kyle leaned over and whispered, “Feeling anxious?”

“At home is one thing—this is totally different.”

“No, only different in your mind.”

“Okay, Yoda. What if this ends like on my birthday?”

“I promise you, it won’t.”

They strolled through the produce aisle, gathering fixings for a salad.

“Are those jeans too tight?” Kyle asked.

“Do they look too tight?”

“No, but you keep readjusting them.”

Had she been? “They feel weird without padding, like their gripping my tush.”

“Ah,” said Kyle.

“I dug these out of my closet. My newer ones are too loose over just panties.”

“Ah,” he said again.

They continued shopping.

Eventually Kyle whispered, “If you think you should go, then go.”

“Hmm?”

“You keep glancing toward the restrooms.”

Had she been doing that too? “How long has it been?” she asked.

“Half-an-hour, maybe.”

“Since we left home, or since we’ve been here?”

“Just go already!”

Courtney reemerged from the bathroom even more distressed. “Kyle, I couldn’t go.”

“At all?”

She shook her head. “I’m getting nervous.”

“You went before we left, correct?”

“Mm hmm.”

“You should be fine for a while longer.”

They finished filling the cart and headed towards the checkout lanes. Then Courtney’s heart sank.

“You would think they’d open more lanes,” Kyle observed.

They chose what seemed the shortest, but the lady working it moved at a snail’s pace. With every passing minute, Courtney’s anxiety ticked up another notch. Was this what he meant by raising the bar? That’s high enough, thank you.

“Kyle,” she finally said, “I better try again.”

She weaved through the paper aisle, past a large display of women’s diapers. Her favorite brand was on sale—a multicolor pack of gorgeous, flowery pastels—but she resisted the urge to grab one for immediate use. Upon entering the changing room, her heart sank again—the single stall was occupied. She gazed at the three changing tables that nearly filled the room. The world simply wasn’t designed for women who would rather pee in the toilet. Why would it be?

Unwilling to wait, Courtney wandered back up front, but Kyle was nowhere to be seen. She started to panic—she last peed more than an hour ago. “Kyle? Kyle!”

“Over here, honey!” He waved from near the door, the groceries bagged and paid for.

She ran to him. “There was a woman in the stall, taking a really long time.”

“There’s only one stall? In ours, there’s always at least a couple urinals.”

“Yeah, we don’t have those.”

“So you didn’t go?”

She shook her head while fingering the front of her jeans.

“Do you need to?”

“Probably? I can’t tell.”

As they drove home, Courtney’s heart thumped in her chest. “I’m gonna wet your nice leather seat—I just know I will. Can you pull over so I can grab the emergency towel to sit on?” She had stashed one in the trunk.

“You’re not gonna wet. In five minutes, you’ll pee in the toilet at home.”

And that is exactly what she did.

“I’m so proud of you, sweetheart!” Kyle kissed her on the cheek.

~ ~

After excursions like that one, wearing a diaper tonight felt as calming as a warm blanket. But I still mustn’t wet it, Courtney reminded herself. I should treat it like a pull-up.

Soon they arrived at the club, one of many in the district. The plan was to hit several before the night was done.

“This place is nuts,” said Kyle.

“You’ve never been here? Each floor has a different theme.”

“Which is your favorite?” he asked.

“Well, the third floor has ’80s music.”

“Let’s go, then!”

“Not yet, silly. Gotta be at least a wee bit drunk for that.”

So they hit the bar on the techno floor. In her low-cut dress, Courtney quickly drew the server’s attention.

“That was fast,” Kyle observed.

“Being female has at least some advantages.”

As the place was still filling up, they managed to snag a small table.

“I don’t blame the bartender,” he said, “you look hot tonight.”

Courtney smiled.

“Does it feel nice to let your guard down, after our other outings?”

She sipped her Gin n’ Tonic. “To be honest, I’m surprised by the night off.”

“Well, you’ve earned it.” He raised his beer mug, and they clinked glasses.

Soon they ditched their empty drinks and ventured onto the dance floor. As they twisted and grooved, Courtney’s mind replayed their recent brunch together…

~ ~

“So, does it feel empowering?” Kyle had asked once they were seated.

“To be wearing real underwear? Hardly. You’ve seen what often happens at home.”

“Well, I have confidence in you.”

“Thanks, sweetie.”

He perused the menu while Courtney fidgeted with her napkin. “You’re not even gonna look at it?” he asked.

“You order.” She left for the bathroom. There she checked the toilet paper supply, the latch on the stall, the cleanliness of the seat—all satisfactory. She even practiced pulling her skirt up high enough to clear the basin as she sat. She didn’t bother trying to pee, though—still way too early.

Kyle grinned when she returned. “How’s the toilet look? Any traps or explosives to watch out for?”

“Aside from the tiger guarding it? Nope, all clear.”

They chatted some more, but Courtney remained distracted. Several times, she reached for her water glass and set it down without drinking any. “I thought you said the service was fast.”

“Fast—ish.”

Finally she said, “I should use the ladies’ room”—but then their food arrived. She glanced around. In a classy place like this, few women would change mid-meal.

Kyle sensed her hesitation. “How much longer can you last?”

“I haven’t a clue. My bladder tells me nothing till the last possible moment.”

“Still?”

“Yes, still.”

“Better go then, to be safe.”

Courtney scooted her chair out.

“Unless…you thought you could make it through the meal.”

She froze. The whole meal? “Kyle, I can’t.”

“Try it.”

The gauntlet had been thrown. She gathered her courage and scooted her chair back in.

They ate mostly in silence, with Courtney too preoccupied to put together a sentence. She checked the time. Ninety minutes had passed, longer than she had ever worn panties without peeing. She reached for her water again, her mouth dry from her eggs benedict, but Kyle covered it with his hand.

“Careful with that,” he said.

She stared at her plate. Still plenty of food left to fill her appetite—her anxiety compounding her hunger.

“How are you feeling, honey?” Kyle asked.

“Like any second I’ll wet my skirt.”

“Did I ever tell you, you’re cute when you’re nervous?”

“I wish I’d worn a pull-up,” Courtney muttered.

“No you don’t. Think how proud you’ll be when you succeed.”

She resumed eating, until at last her plate was empty…and her skirt still dry.

“Congratulations,” said Kyle.

Courtney didn’t answer. Instead, her hand flew to her chest, and she gasped. One one-thousand, two one-thousand… With rapids breaths, she rose from the table and powerwalked down the aisle, striving in vain to appear nonchalant. Eight one-thousand, nine one-thousand, ten one-thousand… At the door to the bathroom, a spurt escaped, but she managed to contain it. Twenty one-thousand. She sauntered to the stall and lifted the latch. Twenty-five one-thousand, twenty-six one-thousand… She hiked up her skirt like she’d practiced, and slipped off her panties. Thirty one-thousand. Her butt touched porcelain. Hissss.

Courtney emerged from the ladies’ room beaming.

“See? I told you you could do it,” Kyle said, as he calmly strode into the men’s room.

~ ~

The brunch outing capped a string of excursions with Courtney wearing panties and returning home dry. It almost made her wonder why tonight he wanted her in diapers. Who knows—Kyle could be weird sometimes.

“Come on,” she urged. “let’s try the hip-hop floor.”

As they ascended the stairs, a nagging voice sounded in her head. Normally he would remind her to try the toilet at this time. She cringed, though, when she saw the line twisting out the door. In the diaper she had on, she felt confident waiting till the logjam cleared. She turned to her boyfriend. “I’m having such a nice time, Kyle. A night off was a great idea.”

His credit card in hand, she secured them another round of drinks. By then the place had grown too crowded to find a table, so they stood and watched the dancers.

“Let’s play Wet or Dry,” Kyle proposed.

“You’re asking a girl to play that? I thought it was only for bachelor’s parties and sausage fests.”

“We can’t have all the fun.”

“Okay, you go first.”

“Alright, let’s see…the blond in the white skirt: dry.”

“Really? Why?”

“The lines across her butt are smooth and subtle. If she were wet, they’d be bulging and misshapen.”

“Shut up, you can’t tell from that! Every diaper style’s different.” At least, she hoped you couldn’t.

“Your turn.”

Courtney looked around. “The brunette over there, dancing with her friends—she’s quite wet.”

“How do you know?”

“She keeps checking her movements, afraid to let loose—afraid of leaking.”

“Wait, I see what you mean.”

The girl said something to her friends, then strolled towards the restrooms.

“See? Told you.”

Kyle nodded. “Okay, that redhead with the sizable chest: wet.”

“Reason?”

“Intuition. Look—you can see it in her eyes.”

“No you can’t! You just like picturing curvy redheads soaking wet.”

“Your turn again.”

Courtney scanned the dancefloor. “See that twerking girl with the skimpy top? Her partner has planted his hand on her ass.”

Kyle grinned. “The great thing about clubbing—nowhere else could he get away with that.”

“Well, she’s dry. Otherwise, she’d have slapped his hand away.”

“Wow, you’re good. I’m taking notes.”

Courtney set down her empty glass. “Come on, let’s dance!”

The swirling lights flashed around them. Sweaty bodies twisted and turned. As Courtney moved her hips to the beat, she felt Kyle’s hand drift around behind. He pulled her close until her soft chest began to glide against his abs. She gazed into his hungry eyes, as the booze worked through her brain. And in that moment, all her struggles were forgotten.

Just then a ping between her legs implored her to abandon this reverie and run right quick to the nearest toilet. She turned her head and saw that the line had grown even longer. Then she turned back to Kyle…and wet herself in his arms. She exhaled deeply, then again, unit her diaper felt warm and full beneath her dress. All the while, her eyes remained locked on his, signaling her almost orgasmic release.

When this new reality dawned on her, she gripped his hand and removed it from her rear. Though Kyle said nothing, she was sure he knew why. They danced a few more songs, but the spell was broken. She could now think only of the dampness cooling rapidly between her legs, and the shame that it brought. She was supposed to treat this diaper as a pull-up and keep it dry.

“Will you excuse me, Kyle?” She trudged off to stand in line.

* * *

Some ten minutes later, Courtney finally entered the lady’s room. Before her, more than a dozen changing tables lined the wall, with low dividers in front and in between. In each, a woman lay fumbling through her purse, or wiping her bottom, or fastening tapes, their diapers designed more for fashion than function, demanding frequent replacement. All these women who had wet themselves sometime ago, just as she had—only, they figured they could do no better, whereas Courtney knew she could. She wanted no part of any of it.

Was it the alcohol? The music? The dancing? Or the fact that she wore a frilly diaper whose primary purpose was to get wet? She wished she’d insisted on a pull-up.

“If you’re not gonna claim that one that just emptied, I will,” said the lady behind her.

Courtney walked over, hiked up her dress, and lay down. Then she fished around inside her purse…but the stack of spares was gone, replaced by a black pair of panties.

*008*2021-04-24 01:32

Chapter 9. Raising the Bar, part 2

So that’s why Kyle wanted her in a diaper. If she had kept her pull-up dry all night, Courtney never would have needed to change into this. The bastard must have known all the dispensers would be empty in a jam-packed club. No matter, she would just ask a stranger for a spare. She began to mouth the request, but then paused.

A moment ago, this whole diaper scene disgusted her, and now she was stooping further below that—to be the girl incapable even of managing her own supply? She shoved her feet through the panty’s leg-holes in defiance.

Yet as she slid them up, her confidence evaporated with each passing inch, until she paused mid-thigh. She fingered the silky fabric stretched between her legs, that her pee would surely soak right through. She’d felt it happen many times, though never since her birthday out in public. That streak could end tonight with countless people watching—for this was no small grocery store or brunch place with bathrooms close at hand, but a crowded club, and she’d been drinking. She gazed at her naked crotch, impulsive and unpredictable.

She shut her eyes. You can do this, Courtney, she tried to convince herself. She slid the panties up until they rested snug against her. Then she reached for a padded liner, finding them sitting atop toilet paper that Kyle had oddly placed inside her purse. Did he think the stalls might be out? How very considerate of him. She slipped the pad into place and smoothed out her dress.

At the door, Courtney turned and stared a final time at the room full of incontinent women. Then she gripped the latch with trembling hands…and pushed it open. As she made her way back to Kyle, everyone carried on as if she were still the confident, carefree girl in a diaper—but to her, that girl was gone.

“I thought I was getting the night off,” she grumbled at her boyfriend.

“You said it yourself—you’d rather not wet yourself while clubbing. Now you have motivation not to.”

“Or motivation to slap you.” She readied her hand and he winced. “A pull-up would have been fine, thank you.”

He lowered her hand. “Unless you got lazy and peed in it, like you did in your diaper just now.”

She had no response to that.

“You don’t need a pull-up. It’s time for big-girl underwear at a bar.”

They wandered up to the ’80s floor, but Courtney didn’t feel like dancing.

“Would you like another drink?” Kyle asked.

“You know I can’t—not wearing this.”

“I think I’d like one. Could you help me out with that?”

“Sorry, my cleavage is off-duty at the moment.” She turned away and pressed her legs together. How could he do this to her?

Kyle touched the small of her back and peered over her shoulder. “Hey, sweetheart.”

Courtney grabbed his hand and spun back around. “Couldn’t you have warned me, at least? Or argued against buying that second drink? Or maybe, maybe…asked me, first?” Then her voice grew softer. “You don’t know what it’s like, Kyle…to have no clue when I might drench my clothes.”

“You have more control than that.”

“Not much more.” Her fingers graced the front of her skirt. “Maybe we should just go home.”

“You’re right,” he admitted, “I don’t know what it’s like. But I believe in you, honey, and I’ll help however I can.”

“How, by bringing me a towel…or a mop?” She half-smiled.

Kyle smiled back in full. Then, out of the blue, he said, “You are the most beautiful thing,” just as “Dancing Queen” began playing. He held out his hand, and she took it. They danced the whole song with Courtney wrapped in his arms, still trembling.

“Kyle, how will this work?” she asked when the song ended. “Have you seen the lines for the changing rooms? I’ll spend the whole night standing in them.”

“Most girls won’t be using the toilets. Can’t you cut straight to there?”

“You would think, but no. When it’s so crowded, they flip the toilet lids down to use as extra changing tables. There’s no separate line.”

Kyle raised an eyebrow. “You could use the men’s.”

“What?”

“I’m serious. I’ll make sure the coast is clear. If someone enters when you’re in the stall, they’ll never know it’s a girl. Guys mostly just use the urinals, anyway.”

“Forget it. I’ll go ask another gal for a spare.”

“Some random gal at the bar, whom you’ve never met?”

He had her there. It was bad enough asking in a changing room, let alone out in public. She doubted she could bring herself to do it. “Fine,” she muttered, “I’ll use the men’s room like some tramp.”

* * *

They danced some more, yet Courtney found herself holding back—almost like that woman from the game of Wet or Dry. If the urge came on, what could she do? Run past all the women lined up? Charge into the men’s? “Sorry, gentlemen, but I’m about to spray all over the floor unless you let me into one of your stalls.” Maybe soon the lines would dwindle…but how much longer could she last? She searched her bladder for a sign—any sign—but there was none. All she felt was her pad grown damp.

“Kyle,” she mumbled, “I think the men’s room is free.”

They walked there, and he peeked inside. “All clear,” he said.

Courtney glanced around. Praying no one was looking, she leaned against the heavy wooden door just long enough to slip inside. Kyle followed her in. Her eyes then scanned the strange surroundings. No changing tables at all, just—so that’s what a urinal looked like.

Kyle noticed her staring. “Want to try one? It’s fast and convenient.”

“Very funny,” said Courtney. She crossed the room to the stalls.

Choosing the cleanest one, she carefully locked herself inside. Here things looked more familiar—no box for disposing of tampons, or lid to sit on while fastening a diaper—but otherwise, a toilet was a toilet. She removed her panties and sat. Before long, her customary high-pitched hiss emanated from the bowl. When it finished, she reached for some toilet paper.

Then she heard a new sound—Kyle, using the urinal just outside. She listened to his tinkle, nothing like hers.

“Fast and convenient,” he said again. “Hey, that sound you make, is it because your stream comes out more like a spray?”

“I guess so? Kyle, can we discuss this someplace other than the men’s public restroom?”

“Sure, hon, I’ll go scout the doorway.”

Soon Courtney reentered the club, still wearing no protection aside from the thin pad. Her mouth felt dry from the alcohol, but she refused to drink any water. Better dehydrated than face the alternative.

“S’up, Courtney?” Jenny texted.

“Clubbing…” She replied.

“Fun!”

“…in panties.”

“Ooh.”

“Was tricked into it…long story.”

“You okay?”

“Kind of freaking out. I don’t recommend this.”

“Still dry, at least?”

“Y”

“Remind your cooch: On the throne, not down your dress.”

Courtney laughed out loud…and felt a sizable squirt dampen her pad. Fantastic.

“Who are you texting?” Kyle asked.

She closed her phone. “Just Jenny.”

Courtney gazed at the frolicking women on the dancefloor, their diapers forming creases in their tight clothes, advertising to anyone and everyone that they wore them. The back of her own dress must look far sleeker. Normally she appreciated how her subtle panty-lines showcased the natural curves of her rear—but now it made her self-conscious, like she wasn’t fully dressed.

“Watcha thinking?” Kyle asked.

“That my pad’s already wet, and could soon get a whole lot wetter.”

“Sweetheart, you just peed. I heard it with my own ears. Could you at least…try to have fun?”

She looked at him. “How do you do it—so calmly and neatly?”

“Well, I do have a—”

“—Shots! Who wants shots?”

They both turned to see a young woman in a bra-top balancing a tray, her shorts so tiny that a fair bit of her diaper sat exposed.

“Could help you relax,” Kyle said.

“And hardly any liquid in them…” Courtney agreed.

“Cheers,” they said in unison, as they downed a pair of Kahlua shots.

Just then, “Don’t Stop Believin’” started playing. Courtney grabbed Kyle’s hand and led him onto the dancefloor. The rush from the shot soon overtook her, and her attention finally strayed beyond her underwear.

Five songs later, they were still dancing.

* * *

“Alright, coast is clear,” Kyle said.

“But it’s Madonna!”

“Courtney…”

“Fine, you’re right.” She snuck back into the men’s room and locked herself in a stall. There she sat waiting for things to get started, when she heard the door creak open.

“Howdy, mate,” said Kyle, alerting her to the clear and present danger.

The other man said nothing, or maybe he nodded. All she heard was the sound of male pee hitting porcelain. She glanced down at her sparkly shoes and prayed he didn’t notice them beneath the divider. She tried to stay silent, but her legs were already spread in the most faciliatory pose for peeing. That, combined with the tinkling coming from the urinal, called her bladder to attention, and she felt herself starting to go.

Oh no…oh no! Her feminine hiss grew louder by the second. The stream too powerful now to stop, she tried tilting up to aim above the water line—but that only resulted in splattering her thighs, while the majority still hissed loudly into the pool. Then, in a stroke of genius, she gripped the lever behind her and flushed, then flushed again. Soon she heard the sink running and the door creak open and shut.

“He’s gone, sweetie,” Kyle said. “Nice move, by the way.”

“Hmm?”

“Flushing to mask your sound. I doubt he suspected a thing.”

When they were safe outside, Courtney turned to him. “I think I’m ready to go home. Are you?” This adventure was beginning to exhaust her nerves.

“Now? I thought we were bar hopping tonight.”

“Hopping? We’ve been at the same place for over three hours.”

“Well, we have until 4 AM…and you’re doing so well,” he added slyly.

“Uh huh. Kyle, I’ll be standing in a puddle by then—or have died of thirst.”

“You haven’t had any water, after three drinks and all that dancing?”

“I’m scared to.”

“A little won’t hurt. I don’t want you getting sick.”

“Fine, just a little.”

She adjusted her dress so that her bra was slightly visible when leaning forward, then returned with two tall glasses of water.

“Bottom’s up,” said Kyle, downing his.

Courtney drank way more of hers than she intended.

* * *

Soon they were out the door on their way to the next venue.

“This is the last stop, right? Then we go home, and I put on a nice thick overnight.”

“Still need those, huh?” Kyle asked.

“Yeah.” It was another hurdle to cross, along with stress leaking, and—one thing at a time. “So where’re we headed?”

“This chill place around the corner—total opposite of where we just were. I think you’ll love it.” He wrapped his arm around her waist, his hand resting on the sloping flesh above her hip. As they walked, it slipped down inch-by-inch. “Still dry,” he said.

“Hmm?”

“Otherwise, you’d have slapped my hand away.”

Courtney chuckled. “I should hope so. Cuz if not, I’d—oh god…” She brought her legs together.

“Uh oh,” Kyle said.

“There’re no bathrooms…anywhere!” She started to panic.

He looked around. “What about there?” He pointed to an alley up ahead.

“You can’t be serious…” She pleaded with her bladder to wait, but instead it shot a warning volley straight into her underwear. The choice was clear: the alley or her dress.

So Kyle stood watch while Courtney ducked into the shadows. She glanced in all directions. Hordes of people were in the street, but the alley was dark. Perhaps no one would notice a desperate girl spreading her legs and peeing here on the ground. She squatted down against the side of a building and dropped her panties to her knees. Then she lifted her dress and released her aching bladder. Some ricocheted off the wall, splattering the backs of her legs, but most formed a growing puddle beneath her. She closed her eyes in shame. And to think, just hours ago she was safe and secure in a puffy diaper.

Presently she heard a ruffling sound, and her eyes shot open. She peered down the alley, and there emerged a small dog. Thinking nothing of it, the animal lifted her leg (clearly a girl) and peed on the pavement next to Courtney. Their streams both ceased around the same time. The dog then scurried off.

Courtney tried not to read too much into it. Still holding up her dress, she waddled awkwardly forward till her fancy shoes cleared the twin puddles, which had started to merge into one. Then she reached into her purse to retrieve the sheets of toilet paper Kyle had provided, using them to dab off her legs, crotch, and rear. So that’s why he put it there—for moments like this. What a thoughtful man.

* * *

Courtney yanked on Kyle’s arm as they continued on. “We’re seriously still going to another bar, after—”

“—Just come and see it, that’s all I’m asking.”

Kyle proved correct—the place he chose was truly nothing like the multistory club. Crammed between two larger establishments, there wasn’t much room inside—just a few oak tables and a foosball one in the back. Nineties alt rock played overhead, not too quiet, not too loud.

“Love it,” Courtney said. “Now can we go?”

“Without a game of foosball?”

Well, the music was fantastic… She followed him through the bar.

Not even Nirvana, though, could quell her persisting insecurity. Despite her alley detour, she imagined all the liquid she consumed that night filtering through her system, preparing for another exit. So she went to scout the facilities. A short hallway contained doors to the two restrooms. She peeked inside the women’s: a pair of changing tables and a stall, all unoccupied. She could work with that. She sat on the toilet, but the attempt proved premature.

When she rejoined Kyle, he was already practicing his shot. “Shall we?” he said.

Courtney gripped the five- and three-man. “Alright, you’re on.”

Kyle won the foos, so she switched to defense and blocked two of his shots. Then she got lucky when he lost control, setting up her five-man for an easy goal.

“Wow, where’d you learn to play this?” he asked.

“Frat down the street from my sorority.”

Kyle turned up the heat after hearing that, scoring twice.

Courtney’s hand then moved from the foosball handle to the front of her dress. She took one look at Kyle and darted to the ladies’ room…only now, it was no longer empty. Three women were chatting across the dividers—a group of friends changing their diapers together, one using the toilet stall for that purpose. Courtney stared for the briefest moment, then ducked back into the hallway.

She felt her pad dampen, signaling an increasingly dire situation. She glanced around, then peeked inside the men’s. Empty. Her hand now firmly planted between her legs, she charged across the restroom and lifted the latch to the stall.

“Just a second,” said a low, gruffly voice. The sound made Courtney jump, and another powerful spurt shot into her pad. She doubted it could hold much more. So this was how the night would end, with her wetting all over the men’s room floor. Fitting, after tempting fate this long.

Yet then her eye fell upon the urinals, white and glistening along the wall. She stepped up to one and touched the cold porcelain. Could a girl even use one without making a giant mess? She thought of when she had tried the toilet standing—not pretty. But her bladder now left little choice.

Her heart thumping loudly, she lifted her dress and slid her underwear down. Then she spread her legs as wide as her panties would allow and arched her pelvis forward, her other hand clutching the urinal for support. She gazed down between the swell of her breasts, but her bunched-up dress obscured all view of her vulva. She could only trust it was far enough over the basin. She released and hoped for the best.

A spurt shot out, then another, and Courtney felt pee running down her legs. The angle was all wrong. In triage, she removed her supporting hand and pressed her thighs against the urinal for balance. Then she reached down and stretched her labia upwards. Her spray followed suit, still splattering her legs but, miraculously, landing mostly in the bowl. She glanced at the occupied stall and wondered if she sounded anything like a man peeing.

Just then the hallway door swung open, and Kyle emerged. He stared at Courtney perched awkwardly with her dress hiked up, splattering into the urinal. Gradually the stream diminished, the final portion missing the basin entirely and trickling down her thighs.

She glanced around for toilet paper, but of course there was none—only a paper towel dispenser near the sink. As she waddled backwards to retrieve some, she saw before her a fair-sized puddle on the floor—more had missed than she thought. The urinal, too, was speckled everywhere with yellow droplets, many of which remained after it flushed.

Courtney then turned to see Kyle’s hand extended, offering paper towels. She used them to wipe her legs from ankle to thigh and around her butt cheeks, while Kyle held her skirt out of the way. Finally she pulled up her panties, splattered here and there with pee, but still wearable—nothing compared to a wet diaper. A dry pad she inserted helped too. She reached for more paper towel to clean the floor with, but then she heard the toilet flush, announcing her queue to exit. Oh well, maybe drunk guys had just as poor aim?

Safe at last in the hallway, she stopped to catch her breath.

Kyle looked at her and asked, “Fast and convenient?”

“Not so much.”

“Next time, you could try sitting on it.”

Why didn’t she think of that?

They returned to the main room, and he placed his hands on the foosball rods as if nothing had happened. “So, shall we finish our game?”

“Kyle, can we please go home?”

* * *

The two of them walked back towards the car, past the alley where Courtney had peed, and into the multistory garage attached to the club. She cringed again when she saw the cups and food wrappers strewn about the passenger side, right where her pretty shoes would rest.

“You’re not worried about the car seat?” she asked.

“Nah, it’s only a 20-minute drive.”

She fingered her skirt again. “But I’ve had to go twice in the past hour. All I drank tonight keeps flowing through me, right down to…you know where.”

“Would you feel better sitting on a towel?”

“Yeah, actually I would.” She removed the one from the trunk and laid it across the seat. It seemed an imperfect solution; with no plastic lining, her pee would easily soak through it.

They rode for a while in silence. Courtney was feeling a swirl of emotions that she couldn’t sort out.

Finally Kyle said, “Well, you did it.”

“Hmm?”

“Made it through a night out clubbing with nothing but panties under your dress.”

Her fingers gripped the towel spread beneath her. “Not out of the woods yet…”

“Next exit is ours. I think we can start celebrating.”

Then Courtney’s eyes grew wide. “Pull over, pull over!”

“On the highway? Too dangerous.”

“But…” she pointed between her legs.

“Can you hold it for five minutes till we get home?”

Courtney closed her eyes and focused on her breathing.

“Doing great, hon,” Kyle encouraged.

She lasted for another moment before a spike in pressure made her jump. Her pad now wet, she sealed things shut again but only just. She turned to Kyle. “I won’t…make it.”

He glanced around. “Here,” he said, fetching a McDonalds cup from the floor. “Go in this.”

“What?!!”

“Do you have a choice?”

No, not unless she wanted to soak his leather seat. She was plenty mad at him, but not quite as mad as that. She took the cup and loosened her seatbelt. “You better not look.”

For the umpteenth time that evening, she pulled her dress up past her hips and her panties down. Then she scooched forward till her crotch hung over the seat, her knees spread at an awkward angle. She gazed down past her cleavage and positioned the cup where she thought it should go—all while desperately holding on.

“Could you lay the towel out around the cup in case you miss?” Kyle asked.

“You’re not supposed to be looking!”

“Just guessing you didn’t do that.”

She did as he requested. Then she held the cup back up to her vulva, just as her bladder released of its own accord. Pee shot forward, past the lip and into the towel. She raised the cup, but then the spray inched sideways, missing again. “Ack! My aim is terrible.”

“Not what I want to hear.”

“Oh yeah? Then don’t make me—ack!—wear these stupid panties next time.” She finally got the cup well positioned, but then they hit a bump, and her pee shot up and over it again. “I do think the towel was a good idea, though.” Finally her erratic stream slowed to a dribble and then ceased. She wiped herself off with the towel, including her hand that she’d sprayed. Once properly dressed, she said, “Okay, I’m finished.”

“Well done, “ said Kyle.

“Um, what do I do with this?” She held up the cup of warm yellow liquid.

“Toss it out the window?”

“That’s disgusting.”

“Then better save it till we get home. Can you find a lid anywhere?”

“This is so gross.” She attached the matching lid and set the cup in a holder.

* * *

When they arrived home, Courtney ran straight to the bathroom—this time not to pee, but to shower off the remains of the evening and wrap herself snuggly in an overnight. Soon she was clean and well protected, and her anxiety finally subsided. She emerged wearing pajamas over the thick diaper. Her butt looked enormous in them, but at this point she didn’t care.

“Now congratulations are in order,” said Kyle from his spot on the bed.

She looked at him quizzically. “For what, exactly?”

“For making it home dry—for crossing that hurdle.”

“Congratulations for using the men’s room and almost getting caught? Or for peeing in an alley like some stray animal—in fact, literally right next to one? For peeing in a urinal and a cup—and missing both targets? This has been one of the most degrading nights of my life. You should not have tricked me into wearing panties.”

Kyle was silent for a moment. “You could have easily borrowed a diaper from someone in the bathroom. Why didn’t you?”

“Because all the women there were…changing their diapers like toddlers, and I—”

“You wanted no part of it.”

Courtney pouted. “I intended to wear a pull-up tonight in case of an accident, and not to have to change it.”

“But…you’d have still needed the men’s room, or been standing in line all night. And…wearing a pull-up, would you have peed in the alley or the cup? No, you’d have simply wet yourself, just like all those women.”

Now Courtney was silent.

“Sounds to me like you’re angry over how you had to deal with the situation, not over the cause.”

Deep down, she hated that he was right.

“I placed those panties in your purse because I thought you were ready for them—and you were, kind of—though too afraid to realize it.”

Courtney still stared, her anger turning to insight. “You raised the bar…just as you said you would.”

“And you rose to meet it. Up till now, the longest you held on was, what, thirty seconds? You lasted three times that before using the urinal. Once in panties tonight, you peed in lots of novel places but never down your skirt. You shouldn’t be ashamed, but proud of yourself—I know I am.”

“I have two things to say to you. Number one: Never. Do that. Again. And number two: Thank you for believing in me, sweetheart—even more so than I believe in myself.”

