Convincing Emma

Author: Babedut123

*000*2024-12-25 09:08

Lily had always been fascinated by the taboo allure of peeing in one's underwear. She often found herself daydreaming about the sensation of warm liquid seeping through the fabric against her skin. One fateful afternoon, while hanging out with her best friend Emma, Lily saw the perfect opportunity to indulge this secret desire.The two girls were lounging in Emma's bedroom, chatting and giggling as they flipped through fashion magazines. Lily casually mentioned how uncomfortable she felt in her damp panties, blaming it on a recent hike where she couldn't find a proper bathroom break.Emma, ever the caring friend, offered to lend Lily a spare pair of hers. But Lily, with a mischievous glint in her eye, suggested something else entirely.

Why don't we take advantage of the situation? Lily proposed, her voice low and conspiratorial. Lily leaned in closer, her voice barely above a whisper as she shared a secret confession. To be honest, Em, I've always found it kind of... exciting when my undies get all wet from holding it in too long. There's just something so naughty about it.Emma raised an eyebrow, intrigued despite herself. Really? I never would've guessed you were into that sort of thing.Lily nodded enthusiastically. Yeah, and I bet it would feel amazing to pee right into them, without any barriers. It's like the ultimate form of self-indulgence, you know?Emma considered the proposition, her mind racing with the possibilities. On one hand, the idea seemed bizarre and unconventional. But on the other, she trusted Lily implicitly, and the thrill of doing something so forbidden together was undeniable.

With a playful smirk, Emma reached down and slowly unbuttoned her jeans to release some pressure Go ahead, convince me to let loose.Lily approached her friend, her heart pounding with anticipation. She placed a gentle hand on Emma's hip, feeling the warmth radiating from her body. Lily's fingers traced delicate patterns on Emma's hip, trying to coax her into submission. Come on, Em, just imagine the relief of finally releasing all that pent-up pressure. Your bladder will thank you, and so will I.

Despite Lily's persuasive words, Emma remained stubbornly resistant. I don't know, Lil... This feels weird. Like, really weird.Undeterred, Lily shifted her approach. She knelt behind Emma, her breath hot against the other girl's ear. Think of it as a special bonding experience between us. We're already best friends, but this would take our relationship to a whole new level.Emma shivered, her resolve wavering under Lily's sensual assault. However, she still hesitated, her grip tightening on the edge of the bed. I... I don't know, man.

This is crazy talk lilys hands slid further up Emma's thighs, pushing the denim of her jeans aside. Her fingertips brushed against the sensitive flesh beneath, seeking to awaken Emma's dormant desires.You're so close, Em, Lily whispered huskily, her breath tickling Emma's neck. Just a few more seconds and you'll be free. Imagine the cool air hitting your skin as you empty your bladder completely.Lily's words painted vivid pictures in Emma's mind, stoking the flames of curiosity and temptation within her. Yet, Emma's common sense still struggled to reconcile the idea with her own moral compass.I... I can't, Emma protested weakly, even as her body began to betray her resolve.

A telltale trickle of urine escaped her, soaking her inner thigh. This is wrong, Lil. We can't... Lilys eyes widened as she noticed the damp spot growing on Emma's leg. A triumphant smile spread across her face. See, your body knows what it wants, even if your mind is hesitant.Without waiting for a response, Lily guided Emma's hand to the front of her own panties. They were already drenched, evidence of her own hidden arousal. Feel how wet you are, Em. You're practically dripping. Doesn't that tell you something?Emma's fingers trembled as she touched the slick fabric, her cheeks flushing with a mix of shame and excitement.

Lil, I... I don't know what's happening to me...Lily leaned in, her lips brushing against Emma's ear. That's okay. Just let go and trust me. I'll catch you if you fall.Emma took a deep breath, attempting to quiet her racing thoughts and submit to Lily's guidance. She focused on the sensation of her full bladder, willing the urge to override her lingering doubts.But try as she might, Emma's body refused to cooperate. Despite the intense arousal coursing through her veins, her urinary tract remained stubbornly closed. Frustration mounted as she realized she wasn't quite ready to surrender to this taboo pleasure.I... I can't do it, Emma admitted, her voice cracking with disappointment. My body won't let me pee, no matter how much I want to.Lily's expression turned sympathetic, though a hint of mischief still sparkled in her eyes.

It's okay, Em. These things take time. Just keep relaxing and focusing on the sensations. You'll get there eventually. emma nodded, taking Lily's advice to heart. She closed her eyes, inhaling deeply as she willed her tense muscles to release their hold on her bladder. Slowly, incrementally, she felt the pressure inside her begin to ease.Like this? Emma asked, her voice barely above a whisper. She opened her eyes, searching Lily's face for reassurance.Lily smiled encouragingly. Exactly like that, Em. You're doing great.Emboldened by Lily's praise, Emma continued to breathe deeply, visualizing the warm liquid flowing freely from her body. As she exhaled, she imagined the tension melting away, replaced by a profound sense of relief and liberation.Suddenly, a tiny trickle escaped Emma's bladder, sending a shiver down her spine. Emma gasped softly at the first touch of urine against her skin, her heart racing with a heady mix of shock and exhilaration.

The sensation was unlike anything she had ever experienced - intimate, primal, and strangely empowering.Encouraged by this breakthrough, Emma redoubled her efforts, focusing intently on the subtle changes in her body. Gradually, the flow increased, becoming a steady stream that dripped steadily onto the floor below.Yes, Em, that's it! Lily cooed, her voice thick with desire. Keep going, let it all out.As the minutes passed, Emma lost herself in the rhythmic pulsing of her release, each spurt a testament to her growing comfort with this forbidden act.

With each passing second, Emma's inhibitions crumbled away, replaced by a rising tide of euphoria. The sheer intensity of the experience overwhelmed her senses, leaving her breathless and trembling in its wake.Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the stream slowed to a trickle and then ceased altogether. Emma slumped forward, drained both physically and emotionally, as Lily wrapped her arms around her in a tender embrace.That was incredible, Em, Lily murmured, pressing soft kisses to her friend's temple. You're so brave and beautiful.Emma managed a weak smile, still reeling from the aftershocks of her climax. Thanks, Lil. That was... something else entirely.

*001*2024-12-25 09:15

Part 2

You did so well, Em, Lily praised, her voice dripping with sarcasm. I think it's time we take our little game to the next level, don't you?Before Emma could respond, Lily continued, her tone turning cold and calculating. Tomorrow, I want you to wear those cute little shorts you love so much. And then, when we're out in public, I want you to...accidentally...pee yourself.Emma's eyes widened in shock, her mind reeling at the audacity of Lily's demand. What? No way! That's crazy!Lily's expression turned stern, her grip on Emma's wrist tightening.

Don't argue with me, Em. I've seen how easily you leak, and I know exactly which buttons to push to get what I want. You'll do this for me, I know how easy you are to convinceEmma felt a chill run down her spine at the menace in Lily's voice. She knew better than to cross her friend when she was in one of these moods. Reluctantly, she nodded in defeat Fine, Emma whispered, her voice barely audible. I'll do it. But please, don't make me suffer for it.Lily's smirk returned, triumphant. Oh, I won't make you suffer...yet. But I might just have a few 'accidents' planned for you tomorrow, just for fun.

….

