Peridot NEEDS Release!

Author: BurstingBunnie

*000*2021-04-27 10:43

Hey all, I'm getting back into posting stories here! We'll start things off with a rework of a very old story of mine originally posted on Tumblr. It's pretty much the same story, but I've polished up the rough edges, the structure, and rewritten a few parts I didn't like.

In this story, Peridot has to pee for the very first time, and has no idea what to do about it! Will she figure things out before she explodes

Enjoy!

Peridot NEEDS Release!

Peridot groaned. It was late but she couldn’t sleep. She didn’t need to, but she found it a pleasant experience, and since Lapis was such a big fan, she’d been doing it much more often lately.

Not tonight though.

There was something rather… pressing… on her mind.

She chewed her bottom lip, shifting her position in the lawn-chair for the hundredth time. It was long ago that she’d abandoned the hammock she and Lapis shared, for fear of waking her. That and, somehow, the thought of liquids, those which her “barn-mate” could control, was making things worse. Her petite figure was starting to shiver, her bum was tensed and wiggling in her seat.

All she could do was whimper as a fierce wave of urgency rocked her frame, then wonder how she’d let this happen...

Gems have no concept of holidays, no real understanding of celebrations, and no clue at all about feasting, drinking, or whatever came next.

Despite not feeling the need to put organic matter into their bodies, and never having done it prior, Lapis and Peridot had certainly learnt about the process. Camp Pining Hearts, the greatest work of human Television, had taught them all about the kinds of foods humans eat; the customs, the preparations, the apple cider… it was enough to make even the newest of earthlings curious. After all, it seemed harmless enough.

So, the blue and green gems had given drinking a go.

Lapis had actually given it a little more than just a go. For obvious reasons, she had found the sensation of water running down her throat interesting, pleasant, and once started hard to resist!

Peridot had been hesitant, however. Yet, always eager to learn about the Earth, and in part to please Lapis, she had found herself drinking nearly just as much.

It was only now that she remembered the consequences Amethyst had warned her about.

Well, she remembered some of what she’d said anyway, it had been hard to pay attention at the time. It had felt rather a crude subject, beneath her. She regretted this immensely now it was inside her.

With a gasp she felt a dire need to clasp between her legs, though not knowing why, perhaps because that was where the burning ball of waste liquid sat. What she did do, though, was carefully palpitate her abdomen, which had swollen to make her waist a few inches thicker already. Stars, if only she’d listened to Amethyst, she’d know how to deal with this!

Her only hope was that eventually the liquids would find some way to exit her body, though she had no idea how it would. (Gems, of course, do not naturally have genitals, or urinary systems, and Peridot had no idea what there were to begin with!) Luckily, she had remembered to create a sort of stretchy sack for the waste fluids to be stored but simply had no idea what to do with it next.

She just felt full… so very full.

Her thighs shook and squeezed together. Grasping her mouth, she muffled another moan as her distended bladder suffered a spasm. It contracted painfully, as if it were trying to push the urine somewhere, but where?

The first 24 hours hadn’t been so bad, the evening after the meal had come around without any problems. She’d felt the liquid pass through her and settle into her primary containment tank, or “stomach,” then slowly filter through to her secondary; her “bladder.”

It wasn’t until that night that she began to feel pangs of fullness; of an uncomfortable sensation tingling between her legs. She had dreamed of dancing, running water, pools, her time spent in Steven’s bathroom (for some reason) many strange things. When she’d woken up, she’d felt a fairly intense needs to rid herself of this fullness in her bladder and noticed an embarrassing bulge in her abdomen.

Hoping it would die down, she had suffered through the whole day, never letting on, suppressing her desires to groan or squirm in discomfort. By evening her thoughts had been pretty one track; release, full, release, full, I have to, I need to!

She couldn’t. Not only did she not know how, but her situation, her large belly, her sloshing insides, and her nervous, weak body language was just too embarrassing to let anyone know about. She could have woken Lapis and asked for help, but no. She could wait it out, she could just wait it out, she could suck it up and hold it inside until it just went away…

…but what if it didn’t? What if it just kept building and growing inside her, this throbbing orb of agony and pressure. How much stretching could her form take? How many more days of this?

One? Two? A week? Eventually I’ll burst! I’ll poof and then-!

“Oh, my stars!”

The words escaped her mouth, cutting off her own thoughts. She gasped in humiliation at the thought of her physical form disappearing, leaving behind a huge quantity of dirty water to spill all over the floor, and for her gem to fall and land in.

She winced and shivered as the idea worsened ever-present yearning from her stressed little form. Wracking her brains for a solution, she thought back to her previous Camp Pining Hearts.

She could vaguely remember a certain filler episode from season four, one that had revolved around Pierre enacting a righteous prank on Paulette. One involving a drinking contest, a full day of camp activity and him crafting circumstances that kept the irritating girl from the, uh… what was it?

That was one of her least watched episodes with much attention it being both filler and largely focused on the objectively worst character. It had also been hard to relate to… until now.

Muddy, cruddy, clod! I don’t want to be anything like Paulette!

All she could parse was that she had to find some kind of room, a specialized place that would drain her bladder and relieve her of this pain.

The issue was that she didn’t have one and had no idea where to get one from. She was certain that Steven would have one, with this being a frequent occurrence for humans, but he was definitely sleeping now, and Peridot wasn’t sure she could stand to wait!

The green gem didn’t want to wake him for something so embarrassing, even if it was getting urgent…

Peridot squeezed her thighs together so tightly they almost fused, another pained whimper slipped from between her trembling lips, and she fought to keep her sanity from drowning in her piss. Gritting her teeth and balling her hands into fists, she felt her body begin to sweat.

M-Maybe this will help release some of the water! She thought, excited at the prospect. Now… what will work up a sweat?

Jumping to her feet - and then immediately pausing to cross her legs, clutch her abdomen and groan inwardly - she began to run on the spot.

The movement was bouncing the “larger-than-average lake” of piss within her, making loud splashing and sloshing noises as it cascaded around her alien bladder, making the pain almost double as it bore down on her crotch with renewed fury.

Peridot paused, gasping for breath and conscious of the noise her movements were making, but more because she feared she’d pop right then and there from the pressure. However, once she checked her forehead and found it damp with sweat, she became reinvigorated, and began to make extremely awkward jumping jacks.

It was agony to endure, but she was doing as best she could while so terribly water-logged. She didn’t care if she looked ridiculous, she already did with that jarring, distended belly full of fluids that she carried with such spite, the burden she wanted so desperately to go away.

As she completed her 18th jump, each causing shockwaves of pain to ripple through her, she swore she’d never drink again. Nothing was worth this situation, nothing at all!

Minutes passed and Peridot kept exercising, everything causing her greater pain and soaking her quivering body with further sweat. Eventually she had taken all she could take, exhausting her physical form completely. As if she were a machine running beyond its max capacity, overloaded and malfunctioning, ready to explode!

She collapsed to her knees and let out an uncontrollable whine, almost a howl, like a squirmy puppy needing to be let outside. She just grabbed between her legs and writhed in agony, moaning, gasping out loud without regard. The pressure had become impossible to bear a second longer!

Full! Full! I want to go! I want to go! Let it out! Get it out! I need it! I need it! I need it so bad! I’m bursting! Desperate! Help me! Help me! Diamonds help me, please!

“Peridot!”

Her tear-soaked eyes snapped open. In front of her was Lapis, watching her outbursts and her small, sweaty, trembling body, kneeling on the floor with both hands buried in her groin.

Peridot’s face flushed a deep green and she quickly removed her hands and stood, but the pressure skyrocketed and she grunted out loud, bending forward and stamping one foot like a spoiled child, all in an attempt to get her own way against that nasty, rebelling, stuffed-to-bursting bladder.

“L-Lapis… it’s… it’s not… I’m not… I…” was all she could manage before falling to her knees once more, her hands clenched on her thighs and her body quivering!

A slender blue finger pressed against her lips, and Lapis spoke with empathy, “Peri, it’s okay. Just… let it happen.”

Peridot’s visor was foggy from her panting, but she still managed to stare up at Lapis with big, needy, confused looking eyes. The taller gem was smiling gently, if blushing a little, and one soft hand was resting on Peridot’s cheek, soothing the pain away.

“L-Let what h-happe-? HnnNN!”

Peri couldn’t even finish the question before she was overwhelmed by a sudden and agonizing wave of pressure. Again, the area between her legs felt like it needed to be held. A heat built up within her and around that area - she felt like she was going to burst!

“Peri… stop trying to hold it, you’ll hurt yourself! You have to let it go…”

All Peridot could do was gasp and whine at Lapis, trying so hard to convey that she didn’t know what to do, but focusing now mostly on the growing contractions; pulsing jets of pain striking her without end. It was unbearable! She was going to pop! Going to poof! It’d get all over Lapis! She couldn’t-!

Lapis gulped and looked down at her with great sympathy, but determination. Slowly, she crouched down beside her green companion and leaned towards her right ear. She whispered, softly, with care, “This is for your own good.”

Before Peridot could register what she’d heard, Lapis raised one arm in the direction of a toilet based sculpture, or Meep-Morp, that stood as ever against one wall of the barn. With an elegant flick of her wrist, she levitated a small trickle of water from inside, then directed it to her and her bursting companion. She let it hover in the air above them as Peridot stare up in horror.

Then she let it pour.

It fell in a trickle, a gentle stream of liquid which gracefully tinkled downwards, directly onto Peridot’s thighs.

Agony was an understatement, Peridot screamed as if her body was on fire, the space between her legs felt ready to explode off her body, and her bladder had contorted into the shape of upside-down cone, the point bearing down on that spot with all its watery weight.

Every inch of her body was concerned with this behemoth of urine, this gallon of piss that fought so violently to escape.

Her eyes went blank. Tears ran down her cheeks.

This was it. She was going to poof right then and there. All as her nethers began to glow and change…

Lapis, still beside her ear, brushed back her hair and gave it a gentle bite. She whispered, “Release…”

Peridot’s urine burst forth from between her thighs, a fresh-formed human vagina, pee hole and all, had taken shape there now.

Her body had shape shifted out of its pure desire to expel!

A shallow, quivering moan left Peri’s drooling mouth, hanging open as her eyes tipped upwards. The thick rope of yellowed, long held, steaming and strongly scented piss continued to billow from her, cascading all over Lapis’s dress and soaking it through to her legs, not to mention Peridot’s leotard, which was drenched and clinging to her. The stream was so strong it almost hurt to let fly, but the relief was so intense that all was ignored.

Between her gasping and groaning, Peridot was shrieking “YES!”

“OH!” and “STARS!” Her face was orgasmic, the stream kept inside for so many hours, consisting of so many pints, finally spraying all over the floor, herself, and Lapis.

Her hands rose to grip her face, then slid upwards, running through her hair, all as her mouth remained agape and her tongue hung out like a panting dog; one having finally lifted a leg against the tree.

The boiling wastewater almost made Lapis flinch in pain, but she stayed beside Peridot and let it happen, all as clouds of urine scented, potent steam rose into the air to encompass Peridot’s frantically shaking body!

The stream had to have passed two litres in volume, but lasted little more than a minute, such was the pressure it was released with. After so much pain, so much struggling, her endurance was over, and Peridot hung there in the bliss and afterglow.

Even after the torrent had come to a close, Peri continued to gasp and shift her position, moan, and whine with such intense feelings of euphoria. How could something that had been so terrible cause her so much pleasure now?

It was intoxicating, she was drunk on pissing!

That was until she noticed how soaked she’d gotten Lapis.

“I-I… I’m so sorry Lapis!”

“Shh…” Lapis leaned in for a gentle kiss on the bright green, blushing gem’s lips. “It’s okay. You should have told me you had to go, I already let mine out a while ago… what took you so long?”

Peridot began to regain her senses, she recalled the smell of ammonia from when Lapis had first approached her, along with the slight dampness of her dress, which was now much worse, of course. “Y-You mean… you…?”

“Yes, I wet myself. Didn’t you remember what Steven told us?”

Peridot lowered her head, “I remembered where to store it but… n-not what to… do with it…”

Lapis gasped, “You mean you couldn’t… Oh you poor thing!”

“I-I guess some part of me remembered… I just had to get it out so I… I guess it must have just forced things… I thought I was gonna poof!”

Worry turned to guilty giggles as Lapis snorted, holding a hand to her mouth, resisting as best she could.

“H-Hey!” Peridot protested; her words broken by her own laughter, “I-It’s not f-fun-ny!”

Eventually both gems gave up trying to hold back. After all, they’d both done enough of that for one night. The pair snickered mindlessly for a while before Peridot began to sway, and her eyes to droop.

Recognizing how tuckered out she must be from the strain; Lapis lay Peri on her lap and allowed her to drift off to sleep. Once she was sure she was gone, the ocean gem lifted her cuddle partner and carried her to their hammock, where the two soaked gems lay curled up together and slipped into slumber land.

The only sound to leave Peridot’s lips was one final sigh of bliss and relief, followed by a small, but heartfelt, “Wow, thanks...”

Lapis smiled wide and hugged her closer.

It had been a rough night.

