Chronicles of omorashi women

Author: brown1410

*000*2024-07-27 02:14

Here is my recurring stories of omorashi women, inspired by users on the site!

Here is story 1: the curvy BBW Emily.

Here is what Emily looks like:

&&

Emily was a lonely office worker with one thing she enjoyed the most. Hold her pee in. She had stunning blonde hair with a curvy BBW body. Since she was usually alone, she would do a lot of holding from time to time, while freely expressing her need to pee and swearing all she wants in her own private office. Today was going to be a fun day for her, as she had an all day hold all set up already. Her bladder was like a camel's, in which she could hold a lot of pee in. Her plan was to drink 4L of water and 4 large cups of coffee today.

She woke up fresh as usual, and took her morning pee before having her routine and headed off to work.

Emily: Today, I'm wearing this outfit:

&&

As usual, she got her 4 iced coffees and gulped the first one down like it was nothing. She arrived at her office, and began to do her tasks for today, which was to send some memos and letters to other employees, and just check on the progress of her project. During this time, she drank 1L of water and another one of her coffees. It was lunchtime as she got some fastfood and a large soda to gulp through. Back at work, she continued what she had to do for the day, and when she was finished, she drank her last 2 waters and coffees. By then, her bladder was full enough that she started to pee-pee dance and swear.

Emily: OMG, I gotta pee so bad!

Emily continued to stay in her office until closing time, dancing in her seat and whispering "fuckfuckfuckfuck" repeatedly. When it was time to pack things up, Emily went to her car, still dancing and cursing. Now she needed to find a private spot outside for a naughty wetting as she started her car. As Emily desperately drove through the night, she kept on cursing like a sailor.

Emily: Shit! Oh fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck me!

She eventually found a abandoned gas station as her bladder muscles were super tired, and she got her phone ready to record her hot wetting and cursing as she cursed even more to the point where she only curses now.

Emily: Fuck, fuck, fuck, fucking fuck, fuck! I fucking gotta pee so fucking bad!

Emily went outside, where she entered the view of her phone, and soon, her bladder muscles gave up, and the dam was finally burst as her massive flood of her hot, crystal clear pee came pooling down into her jeans and onto the concrete. Her pee lasted like it there was no tomorrow, as her flood was still going strong. Eventually, her flood stopped, and she went back into her car to take a photo of her wet jeans and also felt so good about her naughty accident.

Emily: That was so satisfying!

Emily got back into her car with her wet jeans and noticed she felt so good peeing her pants that she would never use a toilet again.

Emily: I feel so sexy wearing wet pants, fuck yeah motherfucker!

Emily went home, and since she had to pee again, she peed her jeans once more before she showered and went to bed for the rest of the night, with another hold planned for tomorrow.

Emily: Tomorrow is going to be even more fun! Hopefully I get to have some fun in my wet pants again!

Next story comes soon!

*001*2024-08-08 04:28

Here is The Lawyer with a sexy secret! Inspired by @femdesplover94. 

Chelsey looks like this:

Here is her in jeans: 

Chelsey was a expert lawyer with a sexy secret that makes her so attractive to men around her, she loves to indulge in drinks and wear jeans over her grey pantyhose. She also loved to indulge in her omo fetish in her free time, drinking until her bladder is weakened to the point of a toddler's control that she'll rewet herself constantly. 

Today was a long and boring day at work with Chelsey, in her jeans and zebra dress. filed out paperwork and talked with clients for most of her day's work. However, she was drinking White Claws to keep her cool, as well as to prepare for her later desperation play, using the bathroom whenever she felt the urge to do so throughout the day. By the time she was done with her shift, she drove back to her house, already desperate to pee as she updated her omo.org forum about her desperation. 

Chel: Just got off work and already needing to pee in the car! 

It took her 20 minutes to get home, and she got to the bathroom just in time. Next, it was time to start her rapid desperation session for the night, as Chelsey got some Twisted Teas and drank one each hour starting from 5 PM and continued for 3 hours, until 8, when she switched to 15 minute intervals for 1 hour. Chelsey finished her last pee and began her desperation play as she downed another Twisted Tea as she announced her hold. 

Chel: Starting my hold! Wish me well! 

Chel drank another Twisted Tea 15 minutes later, and she could feel her urge rapidly increasing. 

Chel: I'm at a 6/10, really needing to pee now! 

Chel continued to down Twisted Teas every 15 minutes, and her bladder rose to a 9/10 in just minutes, with occasional urges of 10.5/10. 

Chel: Fuck, I'm dying for a piss! 

Chel downed more teas and held on until she felt a loss of control as she tried to walk to her bathroom, but all control was lost as a flood of her crystal clear, orgasmic, sexy, warm, and beautiful pee as she sighed in relief as her jeans became super-soaked. 

Chel felt so good, that she immedately proceed onto a 2nd round of holding as she downed more teas. She got out of her jeans and changed into her pantyhose. She got in bed and watched some TV to distract herself as her need suddenly got more desperate after a few minutes after her last pee. She started to cross her legs on bed and leaked a bit of pee on the bed. 

Chel: Fuck! I just leaked! 

As Chel downed more teas, her control was weakening to the point where she couldn't hold it like a adult anymore. 

Chel: After tonight, I will feel like a toddler with no bladder control. 

Chel watched more TV, and suddenly, she couldn't hold it in much longer!

Chel: Oh fuck fuck fuck! I'm going to lose it! 

She quickly ran to her bathtub and managed to record a video just in time to capture the whole wetting as a steady stream of her crystal clear, orgasmic, sexy, warm, and beautiful pee rained on the floor down below. She felt so good once more, she put her wet jeans back on! 

Her soaked jeans: 

&&&&&&&&

She continued her tea marathon as the urge instantly came back, and within minutes, she was peeing herself once more as she began to feel like a toddler now who constantly has accidents. 

Soaked pantyhose: 

&&

Chel: Oh my fucking god, I feel like a fucking toddler now, my bladder is definitely fucked up from all the tea. 

The minute after she peed herself, she felt another urge once more as she struggled to hold her pee and since her holding muscles were so weak, the pee just kept flowing and flowing out of her. 

Chel: Looks like I'm going to have more fucking accidents tonight, and tomorrow, I'll be all soaking wet. 

Chel felt horny that she managed to weaken her bladder to overactive levels, and that meant she could have all the wet fun temporarily, and she went to bed in her wet clothes, which resulted her wetting the bed several times. 

Here is another story, inspired by @Wetlifter37's experiences and takes place on the same day as the previous story! 

Here is what Selena looks like: 

The jeans she will wear: 

Selena was a bright graduate student and a personal pee holder for fun, and today, since her roommates are gone, she found an opportunity to do a fun hold. Selena also has a overactive bladder where accidents come all of a sudden without warning. 

Selena started off by doing a slow hold in the day, holding through her classes before picking right up at her room, she started to drink more, and eventually, her holding muscles were weakened and she started to pee herself with hot, golden piss. Her next step of her naughty plan today was to do rapid desperation, which she started by drinking a bottle of water every hour until 8 PM, then drink every 15 min til 9, then continue the cycle, but hold. She did exactly that while following another user's hold on omo.org, and wanted to join her as well. She began holding on as she said to herself, "Oh, what a naughty day it is." Her hold continued for a little while until she felt a sudden increase in her need to pee, going from a 4/10 to a 9.99/10 in just minutes. 

Selena: Oh, fuck, I'm bursting! 

Selena's need quickly got out of control as she peed her jeans, and she was so turned on. She did a 2nd round, and drank more water and hard lemonade as her desperation increased at a alarming rate. 

Selena: This lemonade should make things... a little more interesting. 

Selena drank and drank until she couldn't hold it, with her 2nd hold being shorter than the last, and Selena smiled devilously as her bladder muscles got very weak to the point of incontinence. Her drinking marathon continued as she had more sudden accidents every few minutes, as her pee kept on flowing and flowing at breakneck speeds. 

Selena: Holy fuck, I'm so leaky tonight. 

Selena along with the user she was following, announced that they both peed their pants 4 times in a row, and they don't plan to stop just yet, as the 2 kept on holding and wetting as the 2 ladies bladders felt like waterfalls instead of dams now. Selena went to bed wet, where she wet her bed several times in a row over the night, and this effect would have a significant effect on her for a long time, like the user she held with, as she woke up bursting to pee, and peed herself once more. 

Next story comes out soon! 

*002*2024-08-11 04:59

Here is the story of a college student named Alice, based on an old story that was deleted, but it is heavily altered compared to the original. It contains a lot of profanity, especially from Alice herself, who gets more profane as her desperation intensifies. It is also the longest story in the series to date. 

Here are what the characters look like: 

Alice: 

(with glasses) 

(without glasses)

Max (Alice's boyfriend): 

Alexa: 

Tracy: 

The English Teacher: 

Math teacher: 

Art teacher:

The Science teacher: 

The history teacher: 

Diana:

Alice is a college junior, and a pretty good learner at all the different subjects such as math, English, history, and others, but her favorite subject was science. Whether it was biology, physics, or any other science class, she really liked science. She was sure she'd be a scientist in the future and loved to read books about biology, chemistry, and physics during her free time. 

Physically, she has a slim body and long dark brown hair. She uses glasses due to her eyesight conditions and has an average height. 

One day, she woke up and got up from her bed, her hair a bit messy after last night's sleep. As she stood up and looked at the digital clock next to her bed, she was shocked to see what time it was. 

Alice: "7:50 am!? Fuck fuck fuck! I'm going to be late for school!" 

As Alice rushed to get dressed, she wondered what had happened. Did she not hear the clock's alarm? Did she forget to set the alarm? Alice remembered last night, she had gotten very sleepy, since she had been studying for a huge test today, and was too sleepy to set her alarm. 

"I'll have to remember to set the fucking alarm before I get sleepy next time," said Alice to herself, while she finished getting dressed, and then rushed to the kitchen for breakfast. There, she saw her boyfriend, Max, who was also in junior year. He hadn't seen his lover so rushed in quite a while, since she was normally very organized with her time. 

"Wow, you sure overslept this time". He said, laughing slightly. "Maybe you'll finally be late for class this time." Max kept laughing a bit, but this wasn't funny for Alice. She had never been late for class in the entire year, and she was determined to keep that record. She drank a glass of orange juice, ate some toast, and rushed outside to her campus. She just hoped she would be able to get there in time. 

Luckily, the campus was only a few minutes away and Alice relaxed as she knew she'd keep her record. However, as she relaxed, she felt a slight twinge in her bladder. It was at that moment that she realized that, with all the rush to get to campus on time, she forgot to pee. Alice tried to think about something else and ignored her bladder for now. 

After a few minutes, she arrived. Alice went directly to her classroom and didn't stop to use the bathroom. She even walked past the bathrooms, but she refused to use them. She hated using those bathrooms, and in fact, she hated using any bathrooms that were used by many people. She always thought about how many people used those toilets, and how many germs she could get just by sitting there, so whenever she needed to pee during class, she'd always hold it until she got back to her dorm. 

Of course, this meant that Alice had held her pee during class several times. Alice had developed quite the ability to hold her pee because of this. However, usually, Alice had her morning pee before going to class, which wasn't the case this time. Still, Alice decided to ignore her full bladder and walked into the classroom. 

As she walked in, she was greeted by two of her best friends: Alexa and Tracy. 

Alexa was a junior who had brown hair and was slightly taller than Alice. She wasn't the brightest student in the classroom, but she was usually able to get passing grades for each subject. 

Tracy was a sophomore, she had blonde hair and was one of the smallest students in the classroom. Other students usually annoyed her about it, but Alexa was usually nearby to defend her. Tracy considered Alexa almost as if she were her older sister. 

Neither of the two was too bright, but they had become friends with Alice since the science teacher had the three of them work together on an assignment. After that they became friends. 

So when Alice entered the classroom, she was greeted by her two friends. 

"Hi Alice!" said Alexa, in a cheerful tone. "I was starting to think you weren't going to make it. Our first class starts in about a minute." 

"I know. I forgot to set the fucking alarm last night," said Alice. "But at least I'm here on time." 

"Yeah, that's good." agreed Tracy. "I was worried you'd lose your fucking record today." 

While the three friends were talking, someone entered the classroom. It was the English teacher. She was a woman in her early thirties with blonde hair, and would usually wear jeans almost every day. She was one the more friendly teachers in the school, and students really liked being in her class. 

"Good morning." said the English teacher as she entered the classroom. The students greeted her and went to their seats as the teacher sat down at her desk. 

As the class went on, Alice started to feel her need to pee increasing. It wasn't too bad yet, and she could still ignore it without much of a struggle, but she was aware that it would get worse later. 

Later in the class, Alice looked at the clock on the right wall of the classroom. "9:02 am". Then she started remembering the last time she peed. It was last night, around 10:00 pm, so it had been about 11 hours since her last pee. She could surely feel the twinge in her bladder getting more uncomfortable, but she was still able to ignore her full bladder. 

"Ok class, please open your books on page 136. Read the passage on that page and then answer the questions on page 137." Said the English teacher as she finished explaining. Alice quickly opened her book. She thought that working on something would help her forget about her need to pee, at least for a while. 

However, when Alice started reading the passage, she knew it wouldn't be so helpful after all. The passage was about the different species that inhabited the sea at different depths. The passage contained several water-related words: "sea", "ocean", "water pressure", and more. Reading the passage made Alice's need get much worse. The page even contained an image of the ocean. Alice was getting desperate. In her situation, pretty much any other student in the classroom would have asked to use the bathroom, especially since the English teacher was nice and would usually allow them to use the bathroom if they needed to. 

However, Alice was still determined to not use the school's bathrooms. Instead, she changed the position of her legs, slightly crossing one leg over the other, trying to make it seem like a normal position. It had worked since Alexa didn't seem to notice anything strange when she turned towards Alice to ask her about something she didn't understand in the passage. 

After a while, Alice had finished answering the questions and was slightly relieved that she wouldn't have to read that passage anymore. However, Alexa, who was sitting at Alice's left, kept asking her for help now and then, so Alice was constantly reminded of the topic. Still, she managed to last until the end of the class without showing any signs of her increasing need. The bell rang, and the English teacher gave some final instructions to the students before leaving, doing a slightly obvious pee dance from all the coffee she drank. She managed to make it without an accident, and she unleashed a powerful stream of pee down into the toilet bowl as she got ready for her next class. 

So far Alice had held her pee during one class, but she knew this was only the beginning. There were still several more hours she had to wait before the school day was over and she could go home to pee. Still, she refused the idea of using the bathroom toilets. Although she was already pretty uncomfortable, she was still determined to not use the school bathrooms. So she got ready for the next class and tried to ignore her full bladder. 

The next class in the day was math. Alice was hoping that working on some math problems would distract her from her increasing need to pee. 

The math teacher was a man with black hair in his early forties. He wasn't as nice as the English teacher, but he wasn't too strict either. 

"Good morning." He said and was answered by the students. Alice wanted to hurry and get working, anything to forget about her full bladder. Her need was getting more urgent, and her clothes weren't helping her at all. 

Today Alice was wearing a red blouse and black tight pants. Those tight pants did look good on her, but as her bladder was getting fuller, the pants started putting some extra pressure on her bladder. Alice started fidgeting slightly as the class began. As the teacher was explaining some equations, Alice forced herself to pay more attention to the class, but her bladder was starting to distract her more than before. Still, she managed to understand most of what the teacher had explained. 

"Alright students, you will form teams of three members each." explained the math teacher. "Then each team will solve the equations on pages 212 and 213. 30 minutes should be enough time to complete all of them if you work together. After that, each team will choose one member to come to the blackboard and solve an equation I will choose at random." 

As the teacher explained, Alexa turned towards Alice again. "Pst, Alice!" 

"Yes?" said Alice, trying to hide her desperation. 

"Let's make a team. You, me, and Tracy." said Alexa. 

"Sure, let's do it." Alice knew that she'd have to do most of the work, since Alexa and Tracy weren't very good at math. However, she hoped that solving the equations would make her stop thinking about her full bladder. 

"Ok, make your teams and start working. You have 30 minutes." Said the math teacher. Alice, Alexa, and Tracy sat together to start working. Alice opened the book to start working on the equations, trying hard not to squirm. She had her legs crossed, and was still slightly fidgeting, but she tried to keep it subtle so that Alexa and Tracy wouldn't notice. 

As Alice was working on the equations, she had forgotten about her need to pee, and was working quickly on the equations. Alexa was watching her solve the equations, while Tracy had started drawing in her notebook. Alexa noticed her friend's drawing. 

"What are you drawing?" Asked Alexa. 

"Oh, this?" Tracy lifted the notebook to show Alice and Alexa his drawing, which was a large river surrounded by trees. "Nothing special. Just some random landscape." The sight of the river in Tracy's drawing made Alice remember she needed to pee, and she started fidgeting again. 

"Nice drawing Tracy!" said Alexa. 

"Thanks." Said Tracy. "What do you think Alice?" 

"Uhh..." Alice tried hard to sound natural, and hide her desperation from her voice. "It's a nice drawing Tracy, but you know that we're not supposed to draw in math class." 

"Oh, right, sorry." Said Tracy. 

After a while fidgeting and crossing her legs, Alice had finished solving the equations, and just on time. "Alright, time's up!" announced the math teacher. "Now each team must choose a member to come an solve an equation." 

Alice really didn't want to go to the blackboard. She never got nervous about it, but now she really needed to pee, and if she went to the blackboard, it would be easier for her classmates to see her fidgeting and crossing her legs. Maybe Alexa could go to the blackboard for once. 

"Hey, Alexa? Wanna go to the blackboard this time?" asked Alice, hoping that Alexa would say yes. Unfortunately, that didn't happen. 

"Me? I barely understand these fucking numbers!" said Alexa. "Why don't you go? You're great at math. This will be piece of cake for you." Alice turned towards Tracy and saw her coloring her drawing. 

"Oh, forget it." Thought Alice, as she realized Tracy was even less likely to have understood the equations. She had been drawing the entire period! "Well, I guess I'll go then." said Alice. She tried to get up from her seat slowly, to not put too much pressure on her bladder. Her tight pants were already torturing her though, but she was able to stand up and walk to the blackboard. 

"Come on Alice, you can do this." Alice thought to herself. "Don't shake, don't squirm... just hold it in... you can do this." 

The math teacher wrote on the blackboard an equation from the book for Alice to solve. She started writing on the blackboard, keeping her legs pressed together tightly. She tried hard not to fidget in front of the whole class, but her bladder kept reminding her constantly of how badly she needed relief. She fidgeted slightly as she finished writing the equation, but she was able to prevent herself from doing anything else. 

"That's correct. Thank you Alice" said the math teacher, after checking the equation Alice had solved. "You can go back to your seat." Alice walked back to her seat, and waited for the class to end. She crossed her legs a bit tighter than last time, but Alexa and Tracy were so busy talking about some videogame they had played, that they didn't notice it at all. After more students solved some equations on the blackboard, the bell rang, and the math class was over. 

"Well, two periods done." thought Alice to herself. She needed to pee quite badly now, and there was much more time left before she could go home and pee. Alice looked at the clock: 10:45 am. "Why does time pass so fucking slowly when I have to pee?" thought Alice to herself. 

Alice's next class would be Art class. She didn't hate this class, but she wasn't really good at it. Every time she had this class, she just wanted to finish soon so she could to something she liked more. And with her growing need to pee, we could only wish time was going faster. 

"I'm sure the art teacher will love the river I drew!" said Tracy to Alexa and Alice, showing them the drawing. Again, seeing that drawing was making Alice's desperation get worse. Alice was trying to not let Alexa and Tracy know of her predicament, but still couldn't avoid fidgeting a bit while Tracy talked about her drawing. 

The art teacher was a man that was apparently in his early thirties. He was really passionate about art, and would encourage his students to enjoy art too. He was Tracy's favorite teacher. As the teacher started the class, Alice was getting more fidgety than before. Alexa, who was near Alice, started to notice this, but decided to not tell her anything about it. At least not yet. Tracy, on the other hand, who had been very distracted on the other classes, was now immersed in the art class. 

"11:03 am" Alice said to herself, as she watched the clock. She calculated her last pee had been 13 hours ago. She was getting worried, as she felt her full bladder making her more and more uncomfortable. And with her tight pants putting extra pressure on her bladder, she couldn't avoid crossing her legs. Before she had crossed them slightly, but now her legs were crossed tighter than before. 

Alice tried to ignore her desperate need, and tried to concentrate on the class. Tracy was showing the art teacher her drawing. 

"That's a wonderful drawing Tracy." said the art teacher. "Well, today I want you all to paint a natural landscape. See it in your mind, feel the atmosphere of the place you're drawing, express emotions through your painting; be creative!" 

Tracy was the first student to start painting. Alice tried to concentrate on her painting, but was getting very distracted by her full bladder, begging her for relief. She uncrossed her legs and crossed them the other way, trying to concentrate on her painting. Alexa noticed Alice's movements, but again, decided to not say anything about it. 

As time passed, everyone else was finishing their paintings, while Alice was only half way done, trying her best to not squirm. She was still able to hold her pee without going on a full pee dance, but she was getting more desperate as time went on. 

The art teacher started calling some students to show their paintings to the class. Alice wasn't paying much attention to that, as she was trying her hardest to finish her painting. However, when one of the students showed his painting of a waterfall, Alice heard it, and only felt her desperation increase. She was fidgeting more than before, and was crossing her legs even tighter. 

"Come on Alice, control yourself." She said to herself. "Stop it before someone notices..." Then she noticed Alexa was looking at her, but she turned her head back to her own painting quickly. "I hope he didn't notice my movements." she thought to herself. She was trying to stay still, but she needed to pee so badly. 

"Alice, your turn. Show us what you painted." Said the art teacher. This worried Alice. Everyone would pay attention to her when she showed her painting, and they'd surely notice her need this time! 

"I haven't finished yet..." Said Alice, nervously. The art teacher went to see her progress, and saw it was true. 

"Don't worry." said the art teacher. "Just tell us what you're painting, and show us what you've done so far." 

Alice was frustrated that she hadn't been able to excuse herself out of showing the painting. So she tried to keep still, and started talking about her painting. It was a painting of a sunset view with some hills. She was using all her will power to not fidget and cross her legs in front of the entire class. 

"It's a lovely painting Alice." said the art teacher. "It's a shame the class is almost over. I would have loved to see how it looks when it's finished." 

Alice, on the other hand, was glad this period was over. The bell rang, and the students left the classroom, heading straight towards the school's cafeteria. Alice was walking slowly, trying to not put some unnecessary pressure on her already tortured bladder. 

"Oh... I need to pee so fucking bad..." Alice thought to herself. She walked pass some of the school bathrooms, but again, refused to use them. She was definitely very desperate, but she was very stubborn when it comes to which bathrooms she'd use. No matter how much she was torturing herself by doing this, she was determined to not use those bathrooms. 

She walked with her legs pressed together, and was biting her lower lip as she tried to control herself. She had already survived half of the school day, but would she be able to last the second half of the school day without humiliating herself? 

Alice entered the school's cafeteria, walking with her legs pressed together, and biting her lower lip. However, since she had walked so slowly, there was already a line for lunch. The students were lined up with their trays, getting lunch. Alice would have to stand for a few more minutes before she could go sit down and eat. 

Right ahead of her were Alexa and Tracy. 

"Why did you take so fucking long, Alice?" asked Alexa. Alice tries to stand still to not let her friends see her predicament, but she can't help it. Her legs continue to press together. 

"Uh... I was helping someone with a math problem they didn't understand," said Alice with a fake smile. She was lying, but Alexa and Tracy believed her. 

"Gotta pee... gotta pee.. gotta pee… gotta fucking pee...." Alice thought, while trying to control herself. She was trying to stand still in line, but as her desperation got worse, she started a subtle pee dance while in line with her tray. Luckily, Alexa and Tracy were talking again, and didn't notice her pee dance. 

Finally, after some time waiting, Alice was able to get her lunch. Then she carried her tray to a table to eat. 

"Hey Alice! Here we are!" exclaimed Tracy, waving her hand to call Alice. Alice went to the table where Tracy and Alexa were and sat down. Alice tried to look natural, but under the table, she was crossing her legs very tightly, and was squirming slightly. 

"I think the art teacher really liked my painting." Said Tracy. Alexa however, started paying attention to Alice's movements. She noticed how she was squirming. 

"Hey Alice, is everything alright?" She asked. Alice started getting nervous. 

"Yeah... I'm alright, don't worry." She said nervously. Alexa quickly looked below the table, and saw Alice's crossed legs. 

"Alice, are you sure you're ok? It looks almost like if you..." 

"I what?" asked Alice. 

"You know, like if you needed to pee." said Alexa. 

Alice starting blushing. She hated when others knew that she needed to pee. But now Alexa knew it. 

"Well, maybe just a little bit." said Alice, a bit embarrassed. 

"Really? You look like you need it a lot." Alexa said, teasing her a bit. 

"Fine, you win." admitted Alice, while she kept squirming in her seat. "But I'll be fine." 

"Uh, you do know there's bathrooms right outside the cafeteria, right?" Tracy asked. 

"Yes, I do." Alice said. "It's just that..." 

"What?" asked Alexa. "You can trust us." 

"I hate using the fucking dirty bathrooms here at school, ok?" she said quickly. "So many people use those bathrooms, who knows how many germs they have!" 

"But if you're not going to use the bathrooms, what's your plan?" asks Alexa, seeming pretty interested in the subject. 

"I'll just have to wait until I get home." Alice answers. 

"Well, good luck then." says Alexa. "I hope you're able to hold it all day." 

"Uh... thanks." says Alice, still embarrassed by the topic. Alexa wouldn't say it, but she was actually a bit turned on by the sight of girls desperate to pee. She still hoped his friend Alice would be ok, but she knew she'd have something to enjoy for the following hours. 

After they finished lunch, the three friends went to recess. There was a half hour recess before the next period. Alice walked while squirming, trying to be as subtle as possible to not get the attention of other students. It was bad enough for her that her two friends knew of her predicament. Alexa and Tracy were walking with her, and they passed by the bathrooms yet again. 

"Wait a moment. We have to pee really fucking badly." said Tracy and Alexa, as they entered the girls' bathroom. As Alice waited for her friends, Alice looked at the girls' bathroom, and could only imagine how good it would feel to relieve her overfilled bladder finally. However, she couldn't give in to the temptation. She still refused to use it, no matter how bad she needed it. 

Tracy and Alexa ran to the toilets, where they each took a stall and strong streams of pee came out of their vaginas as they sighed in relief. They kept peeing for a minute and spent a brief moment masturbating before coming out of the bathroom. 

After what seemed like an eternity to Alice, Tracy and Alexa finally came out of the girls' bathroom. By this point, she was constantly crossing her legs and squirming. She really wanted to hide her desperation, but at this point, she couldn't help it. She had been holding her full bladder for hours, and it was getting harder every minute. 

"Hey, Alice, are you sure you don't want to use the girls' bathroom? You look like you really need to." Said Tracy, worried about her friend. 

"I'll be ok." said Alice, trying to hide the desperation from her voice. "I'm a fucking junior in college, of course I can wait for a fucking while." She responded, trying to sound as convincing as she can. However, her tightly crossed legs and constant fidgeting were making it clear that she was not ok. Still, Tracy decided to not discuss the topic anymore. 

As Alexa, Alice, and Tracy sat down to talk, Alice could feel the pressure in her bladder getting worse and worse. She tried to ignore it and talk with her friends, but she could barely concentrate on the conversation at this point. Her bladder was constantly distracting her, reminding her of how bad she needed relief. However, Alice wasn't the only one who was getting distracted from the conversation. 

Alexa was paying less attention to what Tracy was saying, as Alice's desperation was getting her attention. The way she crossed her legs, and uncrossed them only to cross them again the other way, the way Alice was squirming in desperation, the way she was trying so hard to ignore her bladder begging for relief. Alexa was starting to get turned on by Alice's intense desperation. Still, she did her best to watch subtly, and not let Alice know she was enjoying this. 

Tracy, however, notices that neither of his friends are paying attention to her, and decides to start drawing. 

Alice continues squirming in desperation, trying her best to control herself. Recess was almost over. If she could stand that and two more periods of class, she'd be fine. The problem was, Alice wasn't sure she'd be able to hold it that long. She is already dying to pee. Her bladder was already bulging a bit, even though she was using her tight pants. Those pants were definitely making the pressure in her bladder much worse. "Why did I have to choose these fucking pants today out of all fucking days?" 

After a while, the bell rang again. 

"Well, time to go to Science class!" said Tracy. Alexa was still subtly enjoying Alice's desperation, while she was trying her hardest to keep control of herself. This was already very painful, and there were still two more periods before the school day was finished. Alice was starting to worry. What is she couldn't wait until classes were over? Alice walked to the classroom, while doing a not-very-subtle pee dance. She really wanted to put a hand between her legs to help herself hold it, but she refrained herself from doing that. If she used her hand, anyone who hadn't noticed Alice's predicament would surely notice it. 

Alice looks at the clock as she gets to the classroom. 1:01 pm. "I've gotta pee so fucking bad now..." she thought, as she tried to walk to her seat without putting on a show to all her classmates. Even though science was one of her favorite classes, not even that was making her feel better. She wanted to cry. She wanted relief. 

The science teacher walked into the classroom. She was a brunette in her late thirties. She was also Alice's favorite teacher, not only because science is her favorite class, but also because she usually gets along with her very well. 

However, none of this could keep Alice's mind off her overfilled bladder. She squirmed, she fidgeted, she double-crossed her legs, she did everything she could to keep control. She was sweating a lot. However, she was starting to notice that she wasn't the only one sweating. 

Usually, the classrooms at this school would have air conditioners to keep the classrooms cool. However, the air conditioner in this particular classroom had stopped working a few days ago, and hadn't been fixed yet, so the classroom would get really hot near noon. 

The students, knowing that this classroom would get so hot, would bring water bottles to drink in order to keep themselves hydrated. Alice had brought a water bottle too, but with her current predicament, she didn't want to drink anything. She knew that drinking more liquid would only make the situation much worse for her. 

However, most of Alice's classmates were already drinking from their water bottles. Even the teacher herself was drinking from her own water bottle. The sight and sound of water all around the classroom was making Alice feel much worse. She had her legs double-crossed by now, and was squirming a lot in her seat, but still wouldn't dare to put a hand down at her crotch. Alice’s thirst became too overwhelming, and she was forced to drink from her own water bottle, making her desperation even worse by the minute. 

"Good afternoon, class." Said the science teacher. She started explaining the topic of today's class, but Alice couldn't even pay attention to what the teacher was saying. Her attention was all focused on her tortured bladder. 

"Come on Alice, control yourself. You're 21, wetting yourself is not an option. You have to hold it until you're back home." She thought to herself. As much as she tried to convince herself that she would wait until she was back home, Alice was worried that she wouldn't make it to her house before she reached her limits. 

Alexa, who was right next to Alice, watched her as she desperately tried to hold in the ocean of hot, boiling, golden liquid inside her. She was getting pretty turned on but still tried to keep her enjoyment as subtle as possible. 

"Alright class, answer the questions on pages 166 and 167." said the science teacher, who was starting to fidget a bit. The water she had been drinking was reaching her bladder as well. "I'll be back in a couple of minutes. Alice, you're in charge until I return." The science teacher leaves the classroom, obviously to use the bathroom. 

Seeing her teacher rush to the bathroom made Alice even more aware of her own situation. Alice could only imagine the huge relief of finally letting go after holding her pee for so long. But those thoughts weren't helping. The pressure on her bladder was almost unbearable. Never before in her life had she been so desperate to pee. 

"You look a bit thirsty, Alice." said Alexa. "Now that I think of it, I haven't seen you drink any water. Did you forget your water bottle?" Alexa obviously knew the reason why Alice wasn't drinking any water, but still wanted to see Alice's reaction to the question. 

Alice was annoyed by Alexa's question. To be honest, Alice thought of Alexa as a good friend, but she believed she was pretty annoying sometimes. And this was one of those times for her. "I'm not in the mood for this, Alexa. You already know what I'm dealing with." Alice was usually more patient with Alexa, but this time she just wanted to be left alone. 

Alexa smiled as Alice squirmed some more in her seat. "Oops, sorry. I forgot." Of course, this was far from the truth. Alexa had been enjoying every second of Alice's predicament. Alice just rolled her eyes, annoyed, before uncrossing her legs and crossing them the other way. 

Meanwhile, the science teacher rushed to the bathroom trying not to lose it. She was starting to leak a little pee when she finally made it, and told herself, “Thank god I made it!” She immediately sat on the toilet, and a torrent of her hot, crystal clear pee splashed the toilet bowl very loudly as her mind slipped off of her science class for a while, until she realized she needed to return as soon as possible. 

After a while, the science teacher came back. "I'm back. Sorry I had to leave so abruptly." The difference was notable. She had left the classroom fidgeting and tense, but now was much more relaxed and relieved. 

Alice continued to struggle holding in her pee, hoping for the class to end soon. Then she would only have to hold on for one more period, and she'd go home. The pressure on her bursting bladder was getting worse by the minute. Finally, she couldn't help it anymore. She slowly put her left hand between her legs, pressing against her crotch. This eased the pressure a bit, but she was still suffering a lot fighting the waves of desperation. 

At last, the bell rang. The science class had finally finished. Now there was just one more period left. Alice was both relieved and worried. She was relieved that she had managed to hold in her pee, but was worried about the next period. She was getting closer and closer to her limits. She wasn't sure she'd be able to hold on for another period. Her bladder was hurting so much, and she knew it would only get worse. 

"Ow... I'm dying here." thought Alice to herself. She had held her pee many times before, but never for so long. However, she tried to convince herself that she could do it. "Pull yourself together Alice. You've made it this far. Just hold it one more period, and soon you'll be peeing freely in your own bathroom." She found enough inner strength to continue. However, she regretted thinking of that last part. The thought of finally letting go of the hot, boiling ocean inside her tortured bladder wasn't making things easier for her. 

"Just one more fucking period Alice... just one more." 

Alice couldn't stay still. She squirmed in her seat, while keeping her left hand pressed between her legs. All that was left between her and her bathroom at home was one more period of class. Unfortunately for her, the last class of the day would be history. To be honest, she didn't dislike the subject itself. It was just the teacher she never really got along with. 

The history teacher would be very strict with his class, and would be really perfectionist with his students. He was the only teacher with who there would never be any "buts" or "ifs". Between the students, the history teacher had the reputation of being the toughest teacher in the school to get along with. Not to mention, he was probably one of the most boring teachers when it came to his class. Alice wasn't in the mood for any of this, but at this point, she didn't care anymore. All she wanted is to be back home and release the ocean of hot, boiling, golden liquid inside her. 

The history teacher walked into the classroom, and the class began. At this point, all of Alice's concentration was on her bursting bladder, so she really couldn't pay attention to anything in class. At her side, Alexa wasn't paying any attention either, distracted watching Alice suffer and squirm in desperation. By now this was really painful for Alice, and her tight pants were only making matters much worse for her. 

Later the history teacher told the students to open their books and read a certain page to later answer some questions. Alice tried to read the book, but she couldn't even pay any attention to what she was reading. Her dire situation was taking up all her concentration. Alexa, who by this point hadn't stopped looking at Alice twist around and squirm, was noticed by the teacher, who immediately told her to read the book and do her work. This made Alexa react and start working. 

Alice was still struggling to read the book, but then decided to see the questions. If she knew what answers she was looking for, maybe she'd be able to focus on her reading. But just when she was finally being able to concentrate a bit on her work, just when she thought she finally had regained enough control, she felt a few drops of pee escape her bladder. Alice started panicking. She had leaked. Did this mean she was going to lose control? Was she really going to wet herself in the classroom? 

Fortunately, after leaking for a couple of seconds, Alice managed to prevent any more liquid from escaping her bladder. "No, I can't wet myself." Thought Alice to herself. "I just can't fucking wet myself. Everyone in the fucking classroom would know about it, and they'd never let me forget it until my fucking graduation." After being so close to losing control, the school bathroom was seeming more tempting then before. Alice was starting to ask herself if she should ask to go to the bathroom. 

Suddenly, someone else did the exact same thing. One of Alice's classmates and friends, Diana, who was always with her cellphone, no matter what. She raised her hand and asked the teacher if she could go to the bathroom. 

"I know that trick, Diana." Answered the teacher. "But I'm not letting you leave the classroom anymore." Students weren't allowed to use their cellphones in the classroom, so Diana had gotten used to asking to go to the bathroom just to use her cellphone there. Many teachers already knew she did this, so pretty much none of them believed her anymore. 

"Please! It's really fucking urgent!" Alice could see Diana squirming, with both hands jammed between her legs. Alice had the feeling that Diana was truely desperate this time, but the teacher still believed it was Diana's old trick again. Seeing Diana squirming like that was only making Alice feel even worse. 

"Wow, you do seem pretty fucking desperate." Says Alexa to Diana. 

"It was all that fucking water during the science class." Says Diana. "Now I have to go really fucking bad." Alice tries to keep herself from looking at Diana, while also getting to witness her desperation, but she knows that looking at Diana will only make her own desperation worse. She also felt the water from Science class get to her bladder in record time as her desperation is getting to its most extreme. She starts working on the answers to the book. However, when Alice is about to finish, she hears something. 

"No! It's... it's..." Diana has lost control. A strong jet of pee comes out of her, soaking her skirt completely, and creating a large yellow puddle on the floor. After peeing for about thirty seconds, the jet of pee gradually stops. The classmates nearby look at her. "No! Don't look at me!" Diana cries, covering her face in embarrassment. Alice feels bad for Diana but is also turned on as well like Alexa, but watching that accident makes her realize that she is getting dangerously close to that fate as well. Alice is still squirming with one hand pressed between her legs, which are tightly crossed. She's shaking, she's struggling to stay under control. 

"Everyone, do your work." The teacher said to the students who were staring at Diana. He permitted Diana to leave the classroom. She was crying with embarrassment. Alice was now more worried than ever about not being able to make it to her home dry. "Hm... maybe now that Diana suffered an accident, the teacher might allow us to use the restrooms so that doesn't happen again." Alice was seriously considering using the school's bathrooms. She felt like she could lose it very soon. And she definitely didn't want to end up like Diana, so after thinking it out carefully, Alice finally raised her hand. 

But at that moment, the bell rings. “Shit. Missed my motherfucking chance.” thought Alice to herself. History class is over! The students run out of the classroom, feeling free. Alice, however, couldn't dare to run or do any sudden movements, or it would be all over for her. Slowly, she stood up. The pressure in her bladder was almost unbearable by now. She now had both hands pressing on her crotch and slowly walked towards the bathrooms. At this point, she didn't care anymore about whether school bathrooms were clean or not. If she didn't use the bathroom immediately, she would risk wetting herself. "Come on Alice... You can't fucking lose it, not when you're so fucking close..." 

Alice slowly walked towards the girls' bathroom, while squirming like crazy, with both hands jammed between her legs, and biting her lip. To her dismay, there was quite a line at the girls' bathroom. "Oh fuck me!" thought Alice, as she started an obvious pee dance. Diana wasn't the only one who had gotten desperate after drinking so much water during the science class. However, Alice was worried. Would she even be able to wait out such a long line? Should she just take the bus and go home? Was she going to have her first accident since elementary? Alice's mind was full of questions and uncertainty, while her overfilled bladder continued to torture her. 

Alice had to solve her dilemma. Would she stay and wait in line, or would she take a bus and go home, since walking would take longer? Alice decided to do some math. There were more than a dozen girls before Alice in line, and they were taking approximately 3 minutes each in the bathroom. This meant that she'd have to hold for more than 36 minutes if she was going to wait in line. 

On the other hand, a bus would be leaving in five minutes, and from there, it would be about a ten-minute ride to get home. That meant that taking the bus, she'd only have to hold for approximately fifteen minutes. It was still a lot for Alice in her current condition, but it was her best option. After doing the calculations, she left the line for the bathroom and exited the school. Her walk was stiff and slow, as she knew that any sudden movement could be the end for her. 

"Come on Alice, you can't fucking wet yourself. You can't! You're going to hold it for as long as you must!" Alice says to herself while struggling to get to the bus on time. On the way, another few drops of pee escaped her bladder. Fortunately, her black pants would hide any wet spot, should she leak enough to make one. However, those tight pants were still torturing her bladder, just as they had done all day. 

Finally, Alice reached the bus. She took her seat on the bus and hoped for the best. She squirmed in her seat, kept her legs crossed as tight as she could, and had both hands pressed against her crotch. Usually, Alice would never do all this, since she hated when others knew she had to pee. But the situation was so desperate, that she didn't care anymore if anyone saw her like this. The only thing that mattered to her was to get to her toilet before wetting herself. 

Everything was going according to Alice's calculations until something happened. Something she hadn't counted on. There was lots of traffic, and the bus was moving much slower than usual. “Fuck fuck fuck fucking fuck!” Alice got nervous when she realized that ten minutes had passed, and the bus wasn't even halfway to her house. Alice crossed her legs the other way, while she was starting to freak out. Her bladder was about to burst, and the bus would probably take longer than expected. 

"No, I can't wet myself." thought Alice to herself. "I have to make it. I must!" Alice was shaking and squirming like crazy, while she was using every bit of willpower she had to fight the intense waves of desperation she was experiencing. Finally, the traffic started to move faster, and the bus was moving at its normal speed again. Alice felt slightly relieved, at least as much as she could feel with her overfilled bladder screaming to release the hot, boiling ocean trapped inside it. 

Alice continued to use all her willpower and every bit of inner strength she had to keep her bladder under control until the bus finally arrived. By now, everyone on the bus knew what was going on with Alice, but she refused to care anymore. She entered her house as fast as she could and rushed to the bathroom for her much-needed relief. 

However, she looked in horror when she saw the bathroom door locked. Her boyfriend Max was already inside, drying himself after a nice shower. Alice knocked on the door while doing the greatest pee dance she had ever done in her entire life. 

"Max, could you please fucking hurry up?" Alice asked, trying to sound calm, although her desperation was obvious in her voice. "I need to pee really fucking badly." 

"How come you always need to piss when you come back from class?" Max asks. 

"This isn't like any fucking day Max," Alice replied while having her legs double-crossed, and both hands pressed against her crotch. "I'm fucking bursting this time. Please fucking hurry!" 

Max enjoyed teasing his girlfriend, especially when it came to those moments when she was really desperate for the bathroom, and he was also turned on by ladies desperate and peeing. So he decided to stay inside the bathroom a while longer, even if only to hear his lover desperate for a bit longer. 

"Please, Max! Open the fucking bathroom door!" Alice said. She started to feel her bladder muscles weakening and giving up. Alice was literally on the verge of wetting herself. However, Max decided to hurry and come out. He would usually stay inside for much longer just to bother Alice, but this time, he decided to play nice. 

"Fucking finally!" Alice rushed into the bathroom, forgetting to close the door behind her in her desperate state, and finally let it all out for Max to hear and see. Alice was peeing full force while letting out a loud moan and cursing, “Oh, my fucking god!” from the relief. It felt so wonderful to let go after holding on for so long. Alice felt so good, that she didn't even notice her loud moaning. “Oh, my fucking god! Fuck fuck fuck motherfucking fuck!” Max was satisfied to hear Alice finally let it all out and recorded her on the toilet to keep as a memory of her most satisfying piss. 

After minutes and minutes of peeing full force, Alice finally finished. Once she came out of the bathroom, Max looked at her. "You sure had to go, didn't you?" Alice was about to speak, but Max continued. "I heard you." Alice was embarrassed. "Today wasn't like every fucking day. Remember I was fucking running fucking late for my fucking classes this fucking morning? Well, I forgot to take my fucking morning pee, and I ended up holding my fucking pee all fucking day long." Max knew it was Alice's habit of never using public restrooms that had gotten her into this predicament. Alice knew it too, but she also knew she' probably wouldn't get over it anytime soon. She'd just have to be sure to pee before class every day. She was impressed she had actually held her pee all day. She was actually quite impressed with how far she had made it holding a full bladder, and this made her want to try it at home, where she has more privacy with her boyfriend to support her. She never knew she could actually hold it that long. "Well, for someone like me, an iron bladder is pretty useful." Alice thought to herself, before taking a nice, cold shower, going to her bedroom and getting it on with Max. All she wanted to do was to rest after everything she had been through that day, and this Saturday, she was going on a nice day out with her friends. 

Alternate ending where Alice wets herself in front of her boyfriend: 

Alice was literally on the verge of wetting herself… So he decided to stay inside the bathroom a while longer, even if only to hear his lover desperate for a bit longer. 

"Please, Max! Open the fucking bathroom door!" Alice said. She started to feel her bladder muscles weakening and giving up. Alice was literally on the verge of wetting herself. However, Max still didn't come out. He believed today was like any other day as he took his own sweet time drying himself. No matter how much Alice begged for him to come out, he didn't. 

Alice's bladder muscles were beginning to lose the fight. She felt as a bit of pee began to come out of her tortured bladder. She tried to stop it and hold it in, but it was useless. She couldn't hold it any longer. Alice was constantly leaking now while fighting to try to stay under control. Alice knocked on the door again, begging for her lover to come out of the bathroom again. There was no response from him. 

Finally, Alice lost control as Max came out of the bathroom and witnessed Alice’s whole humiliation from there. The huge amount of pee contained in her bladder bursts out of her in a strong jet, soaking her black pants completely. Alice really wanted to stop, but she couldn't. She just stood there, wetting herself. While she did so, she let out a loud moan and cursed, “Oh my fucking god.” from the relief while she was wetting herself. “Oh, my fucking god! Fuck fuck fuck motherfucking fuck!” The relief felt wonderful, especially after all the torture her bladder had been through the entire day. Max was satisfied to hear Alice finally let it all out in her black pants and recorded her wetting to keep as a memory of her most satisfying wetting. The strong jet of pee went on and on for minutes and minutes, before slowly getting weaker and weaker until it finally stopped. 

The relief had felt so wonderful, but now that it had finished, Alice had realized what had happened. She felt so embarrassed. What would she do now? What would her other roommates say when she returned from work and saw this mess? 

While Alice was feeling so terrible about her accident, her boyfriend comforted her and asked her why she couldn’t hold it. "Did you... did you... wet yourself?" Alice covered her face in shame and was about to cry. Max felt slightly guilty since he had been who caused this. He liked to tease her lover, but he never intended it to get this far. 

"I'm... I'm sorry Alice." Max said, walking towards her. "I didn't mean to make you wet yourself. I didn't know you really had to go that bad." 

Alice looked at Max, while still being embarrassed about what had happened. "Today wasn't like every fucking day. Remember I was fucking running fucking late for my fucking classes this fucking morning? Well, I forgot to take my fucking morning pee, and I ended up holding my fucking pee all fucking day long." Max's eyes widened when he heard Alice say that. 

"Whoa... that's a lot. No wonder you had to pee so bad." Max says while Alice tries to fight back her tears. "Hey... I'm sorry, Alice. If you want I can help you clean up this mess. After all, I was the one who made you wet yourself. You can go take a shower. I promise I won't tell our other roommates about this. I'm really sorry for making you wet yourself." 

Alice stopped crying, and she looked at her lover. Unlike his usual, mischievous smile, this time he looked pretty ashamed of himself. It seemed like he was really sorry for what happened. "It's ok, I forgive you," Alice says, starting to feel better. She was still ashamed of what had happened, but at least she hadn't wet herself in class. That would've been much worse. 

Alice goes to take a shower while Max cleans up her puddle, trying to stop thinking about her accident. She hadn't had an accident since her elementary years. However, she was glad she at least managed to make it home before wetting herself. She was impressed she had actually held her pee all day She was actually quite impressed with how far she had made it holding a full bladder, and this made her want to try it at home, where she has more privacy with her boyfriend to support her. She knew that all this had happened because of her habit of never using public restrooms. She never knew she could actually hold it that long. However, she knew she wouldn't get over it, even after this accident. She'd just have to be sure to pee before school every day. "Well, for someone like me, an iron bladder is pretty useful." Alice thought to herself, before taking her nice, cold shower, going to her bedroom, and getting it on with Max. All she wanted to do was to rest after everything she had been through that day, and this Saturday, she was going on a nice day out with her friends. 


