Tomb Raider: The Return Of Lara Croft: A Tomb Raider Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2020-02-08 21:03

It has been 3 years since Lara was on an adventure, she decided to stop being a Tomb Raider after a near death experience on the one three years ago. She has been having nightmares about her death and every time she wakes up from one, she finds her bed all wet because she wet the bed. Anyway Lara is now early retired from her job as it was the best idea to do. So she’s been having a great time in Croft Mannor, where she can actually relax rather than countless missions where she can’t relax because there are people looking for her to kill her.

Ms Croft just woke up from a very good night sleep and made her way to the bathroom, she then plonked herself onto the toilet and immediately started peeing. She then spoke out loud saying “Isn’t it great to go back and live a normal life.” Lara probably forgot when was the last time she actually used a toilet last and having a good night sleep. She’s went back to bed after her use of the toilet, it was around 5:10 AM when she was up and it was because she need to pee so badly. Her bed was still damp from her nightmare at 3:00 o’clock and she didn’t care, Ms Croft missed the times where she could sleep in bed that’s wet and she had her far shares of bed wetting not as a child, but as an adult who is too lazy to get out of bed when needed to go so badly.

The iPhone alarm went off, Lara pushed herself to her bedside table and stop the alarm, this was at 8:00 o’clock. She got out of bed naked and I mean full naked (where you can see her pussy, ass and breasts), she loves to sleep naked ever since that adventure on the mountain. She is also a bit naughty where she chooses if she should be naughty or nice, for example when when she has a full bladder filled with a litre of hot piss that she’s been holding, whether she should let it out and let it piss herself or hold it in more.

Today, Lara Croft the once famous Tomb Raider is going to America and it’s not a way she can reinstate herself to the role, but a holiday because she definitely needs one. She’s been living with one of her best friends Jonah, who has been helping her in all her adventures and he would come along with her on her holiday because he also needs one from always being there for Lara. They are going to New York for the holiday and Lara cannot barely wait, she now got dressed and went downstairs to meet and greet Jonah, who was downstairs making breakfast.

To Be Continued...

*002*2020-02-15 21:39

They quickly ate breakfast because the plane was going to leave at 12 PM. After the not so special breakfast (which was mainly bacon and eggs), they made their way to Lara’s car. They arrived around ten and quickly getting everything done that you do at an airport. So after they got their tickets, put their baggage away, went through customs. After that they waited until the plane could board, while waiting there was a lot scenes of Lara getting up from her seat and making her way to the little girl’s room. Jonah said nothing to her after her countless times back and forth because it is quite embarrassing to find out that the Lara Croft has to wear a diaper when tomb raiding because she hasn’t mastered holding it in. Shortly after that the airport loudspeakers announced that the plane is allowing you to board now. The Tomb Raider and her friendly sidekick went to board the plane, they showed their tickets and were allowed to go.

In flight the place was getting some unexpected turbulence, Lara did have her fare shares of being in a plane or helicopter with some unexpected turbulence and one time she almost died in one. She hopped for that thinking back has given her bad luck because most the countless almost deaths happened because of turbulence. Also it looked like it was going storm as well and she only had one encounter with being in a storm while in a flying vehicle.

She drank around three drinks now and she knew she would need to pee later. Lara fell asleep and woke up later with a half full bladder and then watched a movie. All of a sudoku den a bolt of lightning hit the aeroplane’s tail and it’s wing. The plane was speeding down now after it’s most vulnerable and important parts of the plane got struck by lightning. The plane was picking up speed while tumbling down to the ground. The pilots are trying to do their best and land this god-damn plane with everything they got. In a matter of seconds the aeroplane landed on a snowy mountain locations somewhere, it had the pilots stuck because this definitely does not look like it’s part of Slovenia, Austria, Norway, Denmark, Estonia or Russia. It looked like it isn’t actually real at all or that they crashed landed in a long lost city.

Lara went to check on the pilots, but when she went to see them... She found both dead and also found that they were shot by something. When Lara was going to walk back to take matters into her hands, she spotted a silhouette of a man walking through the snow and then disappeared. Her bladder was now start to ache for relief and had no diaper on where she could just allow herself to be naughty but because she didn’t have one on she rejected the offer her bladder wants her to do.

The fearless Tomb Raider gave a speech to everyone saying that everyone must follow her towards shelter because we can’t stay in the plane for the rest of the time. So everyone agreed to her statement because everyone thinks it’s better for the expert to boss everyone around, rather than the expert not being the leader. After the speech everyone was on a long walk through the thick snow, and Lara’s bladder was now aching even more.

She was very embarrassed by what her body is doing and she had to tell her best friend. “Excuse me, Jonah.” Lara said in a quiet sort of tone so that nobody would find out. “Yes Lara, what is it?”

“Jonah I need to... p.. e.....”, she took a sigh in and spat it out “Jonah I need to pee.”

“Lara how bad?”

“Very... bad Jonah.” Jonah was in shock he didn’t know what to do, he remembered that Lara did not put a diaper on and she could purposely wet herself. “Lara hold onto it longer, I hope that we should be coming up to a cave. “I hope your right Jonah. Actually you have always been right come to think of it.”

Within a few minutes after that, the famous Tomb Raider slid one hand into her pants, then bypass her panties to find out how her bladder is. She was shocked by what saw. Her bladder was stretched to its absolute limit to contain the massive flood within her. She then used the hand that still in her pants to find out how her bladder is going, so she bypassed her clit to the urethra and she can feel the pee at the very tip of my pee hole and it’s driving her insane. With her hand still stuck into her panties, she feels her first spurt escape her and she quickly applies more pressure, but the second spurt has escaped her as well and later she might as well have an accident in her pants exactly like she did when she first start this job.

Her best friend was correct there was a cave up ahead, everyone followed the two up to the cave. Once arriving the most famous passenger’s bladder was about to let out another squirt and she was so scared about this that she ran ahead of everyone so that she doesn’t straight up have an accident right in front of everybody. She while running up the stairs,

Lara’s bladder is trying to push out that third squirt and after that it’s the dangerous level. She gets up it and right in front of her is the cave’s entrance and she runs in and gets to a point where nobody while be able to see her go. She quickly unbuckles her belt, then unbutton her jeans, pulls her jeans to her knees, then quickly pulls down her panties to her knees and then finally squats as her body releases the two final squirts of pee, until the full show must go on.

Lara relaxes her muscles allowing them to be emptied out. It starts happening, her flood is now being emptied. Her hot piss is flowing like crazy, it’s flow is making Lara turned on and enjoying her ‘oh so sweet’ relief and that makes her so happy. As soon as her best friend got everybody into shelter, Lara was finished peeing and pulled her panties and pants back up onto her body.

To Be Continued...

*003*2020-02-22 21:41

Night had finally emerged, everyone was arranging where they all would sleep. After everyone choose where they all were going to sleep, Lara Croft was sleeping peaceful in her most revealing attire (she sleeps naked). She woke up in the middle of the night and she started to crave for water. So she put on her clothes again and ventured into the snow. Luckily she did not need to go to the bathroom because that would only slow her down.

After a long walk, Lara found a base camp, she hid behind the trees to spy and to look for an answer to the question ‘what is going on here’? She spotted a man walking out of a tent and walking exactly towards her, Lara was fearing being caught and even being killed. The man walked straight towards the way, Lara got here and she made her move... She sneaked attacked him and stole his water bottle.

She was so thirsty, that she drank the whole bottle. The famous Tomb Raider looked at the unconscious man that she just stole from and found out by his uniform, he is part of a special cult that was similar to Trinity. All of a sudden more men came out from tents so there was no escape because if she ran away they would see her and probably kill her. She quickly moved to where there was tall grass and as quiet as possible.

She squatted down and she started to sink into the grass. Those men started speaking about something, their conversation was muffled to where Lara was, but the only thing she heard was a mention of a secret cave, where it’s so unbearably hot and mention the cave is full of treasure. She kept her ears peeled for the information about the treasure and at the same time her bladder spoke up in regards of her needing to take a piss soon.

They talked again “So where is this treasure?”, one man spoke, “Well, we currently don’t know but the Boss thinks that it is located south or north of where we are.”, another man spoke and sounded like he was more of a general or leader of them all. Lara remembered that the base camp for them was located in the south so it’s somewhere there. All of a sudden, Lara’s bladder kicked in. She was becoming more and more desperate to pee now and she literally didn’t care if she full on wet herself while spying.

She tried putting her mind towards her work than to her personal life, but it was no use. She already lost one squirt and she is becoming panicked by this. The so called ‘Boss’ came into view and spoke about that there are people trapped on the island, which was referring to Lara and everyone on the plane crash. One thing Lara could not comprehend was that the man spoke of this mountainous area as a island.

Her bladder was now hurting her and aching for sweet relief. “Apparently, this island has a celebrity placed on it if I’m correct the famous Tomb Raider, Lara Croft is here and if you see her bring her to me!” The one who was just being talked about lost another squirt of pee while the Boss was talk about her. She stuck her hand into her pants to see how damp her panties are and the results was very damp.

She grabbed herself and in her mind she was becoming like a 5 year old again, or maybe she was still drunk from the plane. She then let out a sigh and she immediately squirt again and then within a minute range difference she start to pee herself. Miss Croft honestly did not give a damn about her wetting herself, but only cared about getting rid of it. The stream was so hot, but she could not moan in relief now because it would give her position away.

The hotness of her piss is starting to become unbearable to her that she went back to her normal self and let out a moan, it awoke those guys and started looking for her now. Miss Croft couldn’t help to say “Oh fuck! Why did I do that?” It wasn’t soon after a man found her and knocked her unconscious and later on Lara awoke to herself completely naked and chained up.

To Be Continued...

