Party Keg

Author: buggy2013

*000*2025-12-27 02:27

Dylan trailed slightly behind his master, Sarah, they made their way up the front steps. She rang the doorbell and reached back for his hand. He took it, his hand enveloping hers. It felt comforting. This was his first big party. They had practiced, sure. They had had guests, and there had been small gatherings, but nothing compared to what this host was known for. At home he had allowed himself to be insecure and nervous, soaking up words of reassurance. Now, however, the game had begun, and he was determined to be the well-trained pet that his master expected him to be.

The door was answered by the man of the house, Rex. He had a silky black robe wrapped carelessly around his figure, held closed with one hand while the other opened the door.

“Come on in, make yourself comfortable! Let me take your outer layer.” He invited the couple. Sarah gestured for Dylan to remove his trench coat, which he did before helping her completely remove her sundress. Once they’d toed out of their shoes they were left stark nude, save for the dark leather collar around Dylan’s throat.

“My my, you weren’t exaggerating, were you?” Rex hummed in excitement, taking in Dylan’s swollen belly.

“We wanted to please as many guests as possible,” Sarah gloated, caressing her pet’s oiled skin and gently pressing down to show the tight recoil of his bladder. Dylan breathed slowly through the discomfort, despite being eager to get started. He had been drinking and holding all day for this party. Sarah had brought up the idea of him acting as a bit of a ‘keg’ for the party and he’d bricked up instantly at the thought.

“Well c’mon in, I’ve set up a spot for you near the refreshments. Water and Gatorade on hand as requested. I’m hoping he has the stamina you promised.” Rex trilled gleefully, leading them to an elevated platform with a thoughtfully placed knee pad on the edge so Dylan could kneel and his ‘tap’ would be about the same height as the table top. He took his position and clasped his hands behind his back. Rex pulled a plastic cup off of the table and held it under Dylan’s dangling length.

“Fill ‘er up” he demanded, and Dylan carefully released his holding muscles. Urine poured into the glass at a steady pace until the cup was full, then the stream stopped without so much as an errant drop.

“Good boy,” Sarah praised, kissing Dylan’s jaw while Rex sampled his beverage.

“Very nice. Let’s see how long he can keep it up.” The host admitted, but the tent in his robe proved that he was more than a little impressed.

Dylan sipped a blue Gatorade while guests trickled in. He was eager to show off his training, and more eager for the reward he was promised for a good performance. Sarah had played with his nipples for a while, but had slipped away to mingle. He recognized a few faces from some smaller gatherings they had gone to, they waved to him with a warm smile when he was pointed out as a party feature. A lady he didn’t recognize sauntered over and knelt in front of him.

“I’m real thirsty, big guy” she informed, brushing her long, blonde hair behind her shoulders and wrapping her lips around him like a straw. He relaxed and let a full-blast stream go in her mouth. He watched carefully as she gulped him down. He counted out 30 seconds and gently cut off the stream. Less than half his capacity depleted, and not nearly as relieved and his body was screaming at him to be. She lapped greedily at his tip, hoping for more- but Dylan did not react. Pleasure shot through his body, of course, but he remained stoic. The woman slid a finger through her now-dripping slit and groaned. She had clearly had this fantasy for a while.

“Someone needs to fuck me before I jump on the keg!” She begged the room. A man that had also arrived alone appeared from where Dylan had seen him watching her drink and masturbate. He picked her up off the floor and settled her onto his erection while she wrapped her legs around his waist.

“Oh-ho-ho yes, yes!” She keened as she eagerly thrust on him while he moved them to a couch.

“Jesus, I’ll have what she’s having,” a man said to his partner as they approached Dylan.

The man who hadn’t spoken gestured to Dylan. The boyfriend got on all fours and took Dylan into his mouth while the other man sidled behind his partner and lubed himself. Once he was being gently fucked, he suckled to encourage Dylan to get started. Dylan used a slower stream this time, allowing the man to focus on all of the sensations in the experience and not just a jet of piss in his throat. Dylan cut off when it felt like his recipient was going to drop him. Not a moment too soon. Dylan’s dick flopped from the man’s mouth as he was overcome with ecstasy. His body tensed and cum painted the floor until he was a shaking, moaning mess in his boyfriend’s skilled arms.

The mess was wiped up and Dylan continued to sip. He could feel himself returning from half full to full from the fluids he’d taken in on the way over. He breathed through the urgency and refused to wiggle. If they were at home he would be squirming and begging for a full release. He was a needy little pet in that way. They weren’t at home though, and he was going to impress his mistress. She said if he did his best at the party and made her proud, then he could pee or come any time he wanted for a whole week. He still had to ask, but the answer would always be yes. He thought longingly of an empty bladder and his cock buried in Sarah’s hot, slick entrance. How he’d get to thrust at his own pace and cum as soon as he was ready- no patience. Of course their games led to delicious, heady physical pleasure, but it also made rewards like this so enticing.

Another couple stopped by. The lady asking for a glass, the man asking him to top off his cup. He deliberately stuck Dylan’s length in the drink and used him as a stirrer. The alcohol burned, but he didn’t flinch.

“Clean him up for the next person, love” he demanded, and the woman took him in her mouth to the hilt. She suckled, releasing a bit of cock with each suck. Dylan rewarded her with a hot splash fresh from the tap as she reached his tip. She flicked her tongue gratefully and he had to bite back a moan. With a ‘pop’ she released him and appraised his still-hanging cock.

“He’s a good boy, very disciplined,” she praised. Fortunately, they were already walking away, because he was getting hard from the praise. He sucked in his tummy muscles, letting the ache from his bladder and urethra distract his downstairs brain. He opened his eyes to see Sarah standing in front of him.

“How are you holding up, pet?” She asked, stroking his hip and blocking him from the room.

“I gotta go so bad,” he whined quietly, not dropping his posture.

“Good boy. Stay nice and full. Keep it up as long as you can. You’re doing so well. You’ve already earned a treat tonight. How does going to bed with diapers on sound? No more holding all night? And of course an orgasm when we get home. I’ve already been told what good self control you have. I’m so proud of you. You just need to keep it up for a couple more hours,” she purred in his ear. His erection had been slid into her entrance while she talked. She thrust lazily on him, revelling in his size. Finally, she stopped teasing. She slipped off and wiped him down clinically. She prodded his bladder a little roughly, unexpectedly in his pleasure. A jet of piss hit her belly. He stopped it quickly, but with more difficulty than before. He was getting tired.

“I’ll be good,” he promised. He could see that her belly always also bloated. Sarah had a lovely large, well-trained bladder as well. She had told him all about the shower she was going to give a friend tonight. She danced foot-to-foot to regain composure.

“Where’s your self control?” He joked as she bent at the waist to keep it all in.

“The fuck did you say to me, brat?” She snapped and he felt chills. The amusement left his eyes by sheer force of will. Since she’d slid off of him she couldn’t hold still. “I tell you what a good boy you are and you talk to me that way?” She beckoned Eric, a guy they’d played with before. He strode over, already hardened from the warming he was receiving.

“Ready?” He asked, nodding to Dylan. Sarah nodded and Eric sank to his knees. Sarah opened her wobbly knees, parted her lips, and released the full force of her aching bladder into Eric’s face. Eyes closed, mouth open, and now soaked in piss, Eric was a beautiful sight. Sarah moaned and carried on about the relief to rub Dylan’s nose in it. As the stream died down Eric sprang forward, lapping up the final trickles, exploring her hole with his tongue, and sucking at her clit. She ground into a particularly delicious move and her body shook as if electrocuted. Eric eased her to the floor and penetrated her still-throbbing womanhood with his own erection.

Dylan watched enviously as Sarah was dicked down thoroughly in front of him. His bladder clenched in his distraction and a spurt escaped him at an urgent velocity. He scrambled to gain control, resorting to sitting on his heel and clamping his cock tightly against his body to stem the persistent dribbling. Sarah howled with a second orgasm and Eric pulled out to finish on her while Dylan bounced on his heel like a toddler that didn’t want to go potty yet. God he hoped someone would be thirsty soon.

His prayers were answered shortly after Sarah left with a sharp order to “straighten up”. A man that had entered with a small group looked nervously at him.

“Do I have to use a glass? I- I’ve never- I really wanna” he gestured at Dylan’s cock and Dylan smirked.

“Help yourself,” he invited. The man knelt and hesitated a few times before taking the cock in his mouth. Dylan relaxed and let a small splash bathe the tongue of the newbie. “Ready?” He checked and the guy nodded. A heavier stream started and the man gulped clumsily- messily. Piss ran down his chin and chest, finally dripping onto the floor. The man stood up when Dylan cut him off. He was blushing and so erect it looked painful. Dylan gestured him forward. He took the man’s cock in his hand, giving a few good pumps before letting the floodgates open long enough to soak his cock and balls. The man’s eyes rolled back as he came hard onto Dylan’s thighs. Dylan stroked him gently through it, proud of himself with that one. The man was considerate and cleaned Dylan up, thanked him profusely, and went to sit down for a bit.

A few cups and ‘mixed drinks’ later and Dylan was on a constant dribble. He just couldn’t stop anymore. It had been hours of start and stop and he was still so full. The dribble yearned into a stream and his holding muscles just wouldn’t respond anymore, it was over. He relaxed and the floodgates opened wide. 30 seconds… a minute… another 30… 2 minutes and change making an ever-expanding puddle on the floor. Heads turned at the sound until everyone that was not actively in the middle of a scene was watching him lose control.

“I bet that feels better, huh?” Sarah asked while he panted and rubbed his lower belly.

“Oh my god nothing has ever felt so good” he answered breathlessly.

“Let’s go home, I bet I can change that.”

“I won’t make it home. I’ll pee in the car,” he promised.

“I’ll diaper you before we go. You did so good tonight, baby, I’m so proud.”

“Did I earn my week?”

“You sure did. One whole week of no patience.” She said while his dick dribbled in-voided leftovers into the puddle. “You wanna start here in front of everybody?” She asked generously, and he nodded, leaning against her tiredly.

