The Desperate Delivery Driver

Author: BladderLad

*000*2021-04-15 08:17

Jake was on his last drop of the day. He enjoyed being a self employed multi drop driver, however the exploitative gig economy , meant that he could not afford to take many breaks. It was approaching 5pm and he had last pissed at 1pm, he had also consumed 3 litres of water since then

Jake was beyond desperate as he headed out to the suburbs, he had to find somewhere to piss, he was no longer confident that he would make the drop and get home with dry pants! Every traffic light was against him as he headed through the evening rush hour traffic, he was fanning his legs constantly and grabbing his cock through his tight jeans. He just had to find somewhere to piss, a supermarket, a petrol station, anywhere, he was now more desperate than he could ever remember, but there was nowhere to stop, 15 minutes from his destination, he had no option but to undo his belt and jeans to take some of the pressure off his distended bladder.

Eventually he turned his van into the cul-de-sac and looked for number 12.

Sarah looked out of the window and watched the van pull up outside her house. She watched as the young handsome man got out of the drivers door, to her absolute delight she realised that his jeans were undone and he was frantically doing them up- it appeared that one of her biggest fantasies might be coming true, and she felt her pussy moisten as she watched the tall muscular, dark haired man, hobble up the drive, almost bent double

She answered the door and Jake briefly said hello and handed her the box, desperate to get away and find, somewhere, anywhere, to empty his bursting bladder. She took the parcel-as he was about to leave, Sarah suddenly said: “could you just wait a minute- the last time I bought something from this company they sent the wrong item, I just want to check it’s correct, otherwise you can take it back”

Jake could not believe it, as she slowly started unwrapping the packaging and opening the box, he was now literally marching on the spot and could feel his bladder control slipping away, suddenly he felt a leak hit his black boxers, out of nowhere he heard himself say: “ sorry to ask but Is there any chance I could use your toilet? I’m busting here!”

Sarah almost came on hearing these words- “yes of course, but would you mind removing your boots? I have white carpets”

Jake frantically bent over and started unlacing his caterpillars-the additional pressure caused another massive squirt of piss to hit his undies, finally he removed his boots and stood on the carpet in his black socks, barely holding on and blushing frantically. “Follow me please” Sarah walked up the stairs and indicated the bathroom door, as he moved to open the door, Sarah stopped him and said: “ if you want to use my toilet, you will have to allow me to come in and watch you”

Jake could not believe his ears-what sort of freak would want to watch somebody pee? However he was so close to wetting himself in the house of a stranger, he had no choice: “whatever” he muttered and headed into the bathroom

Sarah was almost breathless with arousal as she watched Jake frantically rip open his jeans and fish out his dick from his damp underwear. His piss, initially a trickle , and then a gush, as he lost his inhibitions, went on and on for a full 2 minutes as he emptied his bladder, he was sighing and moaning as he finally felt relief.

“Feel better now?” Jake looked over and nodded- as he went to put himself back into his jeans- to his shock he realised that he was fully erect....,

*002*2021-10-31 07:44

Would love for this to happen to me!!

