Anna’s Accident: A Frozen FanFiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-03-03 22:41

Anna was naked when she woke up in her bed. She felt incredibly warm in her bed and she immediately got out of bed to move the sheets up to see what it is. There was a big mark on the middle of the bed, she pissed the bed. Anna now loves wetting herself but not out of her room or anywhere in the castle, Anna remembered that it was Elsa’s coronation.

She then got dressed into her dress and white panties, she then walked to the bathroom to brush her hair. Then she ran out of her room singing For The First Time In Forever and saw her cousin Rapunzel with her husband Flynn Rider and she kept singing and then fell in a boat and a man’s hand reached out for her to grab his.

The man was Prince Hans as they started talking to each other about family (his family and her family). Then she told him about Elsa and her coronation, then the two fell in love. As the went to the top of the castle as they started singing Love Is An Open Door.

She took him inside the castle to see Elsa, Anna walked up Elsa to the drinks and food as Anna started talking to Elsa and how she finally saw Elsa again after when she was 6 years old.

Anna drank about 6 drinks or more, as she introduced Hans to Elsa and she did not want the two to marry as Elsa got mad and made Arendelle a frozen city and everywhere else frozen.

Anna got on a horse and set out to find Elsa. She kept riding and riding and riding but not see Elsa she got to a frozen lake and when she got out of her horse it ran back home. Anna then felt the sudden urge to pee as she walked on the lake as she fell in which released a squirt of pee to come out as she felt cold as her skirt was wet but not yet warm. Her urge got so strong when she got out she immediately placed her hands between her legs and saying “I need to pee!" She notices a shack probably 10 minuets walk to there “Maybe the have a bathroom.” Anna said.

Anna’s desperation got worse as her bladder was aching and she desperately tried not to pee herself. Anna did not give up she kept walking to the shack as she started running but it was not good as it was to hard on her bladder. She was almost there 5 minuets she accidentally let out the second squirt of pee from her hairy pussy. Now 3 minuets to the shack as she squeezed her legs very tight as she did not think that she could hold it in for much longer and just let it go just like her sister Elsa.

1 minuets left to the shack she got to the point of losing control as she moaned and moaned and she suck out her sexy ass out. Then a big gush of wind came and blew her skirt up as the cold wind went on her panties and made her ass cold. Her body felt like she needed to be warmed up, she placed her finger on her pussy. She started to pee which was gushing out from her pussy and her pee ran down her leg and into her shoes and onto the snow, “Oh fuck” Anna said. Anna’s desperation ended as the 19 year old girl let out big moan as her golden pee made her completely warm as she went in and pretended that she had to pee so that no one will she her accident, as it was her own sexual secret.

