Freya's Spelling Bee Desperation

Author: BlueWizard83

*000*2023-06-18 20:53

Welcome to Freya's Pee Adventures 1.4

Just for everyone new Here, the Girl in this Series is Freya:

- 18 Years Old

- 5'6"

- 120 lbs

- Blond Hair

- Blue Eye

- Tanned Skin

- Athletic Build

- Long Legs

- German Decent

Today was the day Freya has been waiting for the entire year. Today was the school's annual competition day, this was a tradition the school had for over 50 years. The school hosted all kinds of competitions throughout the day. Track and field, Spelling Bee, chess tournament just to name a few. Freya knew she wanted to compete in the female sprinting events (100m, 200m) and also the big mainevent of the day the Spelling Bee. This year a local businessman sponsored the contest with a grand prize of $500 for the winner. Even tho Freya wasn't the best at spelling, she still wanted to sees her opportunity.

Freya's day was going great, she won the 100 meter Dash and placed 3rd in the 200. But unfortunately for her, there we're no prices at those Events. Now it was about 2 hours till the Spelling Bee started. Freya took the opportunity to get something to eat, drink and look over some words.

The Spelling Bee started at 7:00 p.m. Freya was seated in the 2nd Row at the very left side of the Stage. Freya was nervous because nearly the entire town came to watch this event. Freya was one of the 143 contestants, her number was 16. Of the 15 contestants before her everyone spelled their word correct. Now it was Freya's turn, she walked up to the mic and listened carefully. Her word was "Intelligence", Freya quickly answered "I-n-t-e-l-l-i-g-e-n-c-e" the Judge gave her the nod. Freya was relieved and went back to her chair.

Freya realised that this could be a very long evening, if she wanted to win the whole contest and a very long evening it would be. 15 Minutes went by and it was still the first round. Her bladder had filled up quite a bit in that time, she was drinking quite alot while waiting for the next round. It was not the first time she drank way too much in such a small time.

Another 10 Minutes went by and the first round was over, 143 contestants started and now there we're only 106 left. Freya became increasingly more desperate by the minute, in the rules it stated that no contestant was allowed to leave the stage until they we're eliminated. But she knew that she would not forfeit the opportunity to win $500, just because she had to pee.

Round by round Freya was getting more and more desperate. She could not sit still, she started to kick her feet back and forth while leaning forward. Standing still at the mic was not easy for her either, she lightly danced from foot to foot while spelling her word. After slowly walking back to her seat she began to squirm quite badly, but quickly opted to just sit on her heel for the rest of the round.

At the end of the of 6th round only 30 we're remaining. The judge announced a quick 3 minute break, this was Freya's chance. She quickly walked off the stage straight to the toilets, but she saw a long line in front of the girls bathroom. She realised that she would not have enough time to stand in the line and wait, so she made her way back to the stage. It turned out that they had used the break to get rid of every extra chair on the stage.

It was now 9:30 p.m, two and a half hours Into the Contest. Freya was one of the last 30. Round 7 began, Freya was called to the mic 2nd. She was now really struggling to composure herself, but she somehow managed to spell her word right again. Freya was now constantly changing her seating position. Crossed legs, squirming, squirming with crossed legs, sitting on her heel. She repeated these moves for the rest of the round.

@@Now it was Round 8, only 17 remain. The last round proved to be very difficult, but Freya's thoughts we're somewhere else. Freya was called up to the mic once again, but at this point she could not stand still for a single second. Freya was stading with tightly crossed legs with her hands insinde of her pockets, while leaning forward quite far. She quickly walked back to her chair and squirmed in a discrete position. She was at a point where sitting still was not a option anymore. Now even the constant leg crossing and recrossing wasn't enough to keep her still. She quickly sat on her heel and tried that, but even that didn't help anymore. She started to sit with double crossed majority of the time, while keeping her hand in between her legs. The other part of the time she would violently rub her thighs together and would quickly fan her legs open and closed for periods. After doing that for some minutes she would go back to double crossing her legs again. While she was doing that she did not realise that another 5 People have been eliminated.

Going into the Round 9, only 12 remaimed. Freya's desperation reached a new high. Freya quickly walked up to the mic and crossed her legs again. Freya quickly spelled her word and she was right again. After sitting down she'd violently fan her legs open and closed, then double crossing her legs and violently squirming in her seat for another 10 minutes, when a massive urge struck her she crossed her already double crossed legs even tighter into what you could say was triple leg cross. But she knew her time might be over soon.

@@Freya somehow made it into the 10th Round. Now Freya made it into the Top 8. She gets called up for the first word of Round 10. She quickly walked to the mic and squirming impatiently waiting for her word. She got the word "Milieu" which sounds super easy to spell but is actually quite difficult. Freya quickly thought about it and started "M-I-L.....", but then a very bad wave of desperation struck her, she immediately put her left hand inside the pockets of her black shorts while holding her crotch very discrete. It was clear that Freya couldn't hold it much longer, If she continued at this pace she would pee herself infront of everyone right then and there. Another big wave struck her, even worse than the last, she double crossed her legs while standing, hopping up and down like a pogo-stick to keep balance. Freya composed herself just one more time, she started to spell her word once again "M-I-L-L-I-E-U" the judge informed her that this was incorrect and that she was eliminated. Freya did not care at this point anymore, she quickly uncrossed her double crossed legs and ran off to the bathroom. Freya made it in the very last second, she was disapointed that she lost but relieved at the same time.

