D/s Story

Author: bus

*000*2017-05-07 05:29

This is about a Domination/submission relationship, with a Master and sub. As such, there are BDSM elements and some description of female masturbation and female genitalia. The communication between the Dom and sub takes place via texting.

At 1am, Becky finally got home after a long day of work and overtime. She hadn't had a break since her overtime shift began, so she was desperate for a piss. She texted her Master at 1:26, explaining her predicament, begging for a chance to cum and piss. Unfortunately for her, he had a different idea in mind.

"Go drink three 250 mL cups of water," Jake commanded. "I assume you already need to pee quite a bit."

"Yes Master," Becky replied. She hobbled down the stairs from her bedroom to the kitchen, filling a glass with ice cold water from the fridge. By the second cup, her stomach was hurting with each gulp. After she finished off the last one, she texted him with the update.

"Good," Jake said. "Drink one more and you can cum but not piss, up to you." Becky was faced with quite the dilemma.

"I can't decide," she told Jake.

"If you don't, you won't get to cum before I go to bed," he replied. That made up her mind. She went back upstairs and relaxed slowly into her bed, careful not to jar her bladder. This position relieved the pain a bit. As she worked her hand into her pants and parted her pussy lips, she noticed how wet she was.

"I'm literally dripping wet; I've never been this wet before," she texted Jake.

"You must be thirsty from being so wet," he replied sadistically. Becky groaned, knowing exactly what was to come. "Yup, another cup. It's important to stay hydrated, after all. The beautiful thing is the more water you drink, the faster it goes through you."

Becky came and then went to the bathroom to get another cup of water from the sink. It wasn't as cold this time, but it tasted pretty bad due to being tap water. However, she steeled herself and finished the cup off, thinking to herself, "I'm doing this for my Master." After drinking it, she began to wonder if she would be able to hold it as long as Jake wanted. She had no idea when he planned to give her relief.

"What happens if I piss prematurely?" she asked.

"This never happens again," Jake replied matter-of-factly. This was enough motivation for Becky not to leak.

Finally, at 2am, Jake gave her a countdown of 20 more minutes, also directing her to time how long she would piss for. But right at that time, Becky was beginning to get horny.

"Can I cum again?" she asked.

"If you want to add 10 more minutes," Jake replied. This was conflicting for Becky. She could feel her bladder spasming, but she could also feel her pussy juices sneaking out, which she couldn't ignore. She asked Jake for direct instructions so she wouldn't have to make a decision. "Okay, cum at 2:15, then drink one more cup to replenish lost fluids, then pee at 2:30." The thought of another cup killed Becky, but she couldn't disobey her Master. "Have fun," he taunted.

Becky came again and then went to the bathroom to get another cup of water. The sight of the toilet made her jam her hands into her pussy, but she didn't lose control.

"Need to pee?" Jake asked rhetorically.

"Yes Master—severely," Becky replied.

"Wouldn't it be funny if it were 2:30 and I changed my mind?" Jake texted.

"Hilarious," Becky replied. However, she knew Jake wouldn't do this; he was an upfront dom.

"It hurts when I breathe," Becky confessed to Jake.

"I think that's enough water then," he replied, much to her relief. "I bet you can see your bladder bulge."

"Yeah. Sorry if I'm not very talkative; I can barely type I'm shaking so bad," Becky explained. "How am I even gonna be able to walk to the bathroom?"

"With pain, I hope," he replied in typical fashion.

"Don't worry, I'm already in extreme pain, Master."

At 2:29, Becky gingerly got out of bed and made the torturous walk to the bathroom. She had to pause every few steps, crossing her legs and grabbing her pussy. Eventually she made it, but it was still 2:29 according to her phone. The final countdown was agonizing. As soon as it hit 2:30, she yanked down her cotton panties and let out a massive stream. She pissed for 69 seconds, timing it as per her Master's directions.

"I managed to not get piss anywhere other than the toilet, which I'm quite proud of, Master," Becky beamed to Jake.

"Good girl," he praised. "Next time I'll be recording this, it was so hot."

