Long Drive (male)

Author: bus

*000*2017-05-08 10:27

Slater was a senior at Ivy Bridge High. He had just transferred into this school that year, at the request of his parents. It was a private school, so it was quite expensive, and also far from his house. His mom was a professor at Array Technical University, so they lived in the city of Array in the Solid State. The school was located in Nvidia, at least a 30 minute drive away on a good day. One would think that given Slater's age, he would remember to pee before departing, but this was not always the case. In fact, on a number of occasions he found himself desperate and ended up being late for class because he had to run to the washroom. It didn't help that he always drank a cup of coffee at breakfast and often brought a thermos of it with him.

One specific incident sticks out in his memory. It had been a particularly warm spring day, so he decided to brew some iced coffee for the next day. Then he sat down at his computer to play some Team Fortress 2. At around 3am, he fell asleep at his desk in the middle of a game.

When he awoke, his alarm had already been going off for 10 minutes, so he immediately rushed to breakfast. He gulped down his iced coffee in record time and then went to the bathroom to brush his teeth. Even though he was half-Asian, he had curly brown hair, and his brown eyes looked bloodshot from his late-night gaming session. He had some stubble but no time to shave. In typical fashion, he forgot to pee because he was rushing so badly. He went back to his room and threw on a red Red Hot Chili Peppers tee and light blue jeans with black boxer briefs, basically whatever he could find.

His mom was already waiting in the car by now, so he ran outside to meet her. He sat in the back right seat. As soon as he buckled his seatbelt, he realized he had forgotten something tremendously important: to pee. Unfortunately for him, his mom had already pulled out of the alley, so there was no turning back now.

The seatbelt dug into his already bulging bladder, so he tried to alleviate it by sticking his hands between it and his body, but that only seemed to increase the pressure. He crossed and uncrossed his legs, finding that the best position was with his legs spread slightly apart. It was also the least conspicuous. He sat like that for a while before his legs began to shake. He squeezed and unsqueezed them repeatedly, which helped a bit.

Finally, the GPS said they would arrive in approximately 15 minutes. Slater breathed a sigh of relief, but as he did that, a tiny trickle of pee began to leak out into his boxer briefs. He instantly clamped a hand over his crotch and stopped the flow. Luckily, it hadn't gone through to his jeans, but he had to be more careful.

With 10 minutes left he was beginning to seriously question if he would make it. The urge was still increasing. He decided to keep his hand on his crotch just in case, even at the risk of his mom noticing. Suddenly, the car went over a pothole. This jarred Slater's bladder enough to let out some more pee, despite his grip. Luckily, it stopped after a few seconds. Slater knew he would see a wet spot on his jeans if he removed his hand.

At 5 minutes, Slater saw a gas station up ahead and made the decision he hoped he wouldn't have to make: he decided he would have to ask for a bathroom break. He said as fast as he could, "Mom can you please pull over I really have to pee,"

"Honey, we're 5 minutes away, can't you hold it?" she replied. Slater knew she would pull over if he begged, but he didn't want to lose his dignity, so he just groaned under his breath in response and decided to keep holding it.

After what seemed like an eternity, they turned off the freeway onto the side road that would lead to his school. He could almost see it in the distance. However, his bladder seemed to know how close a toilet was, and a wave of desperation washed over him. He was shaking now and his legs were bouncing up and down.

There it is, so close! Slater thought to himself. His desperation grew as they continued down the road. They pulled into the parking lot and Slater was so beside himself with the thought of relief that he didn't see the speedbump they were about to go over.

The car lurched upwards and then crashed down, causing him to immediately lose control. Pee gushed out of his dick and through his fingers. He clamped down and squeezed his legs as tight as he could but it wasn't stopping any time soon. His mom heard him whimpering and looked back, gasping. She covered her mouth in shock but didn't say anything. Piss continued to pour out of poor Slater, pooling underneath him and running down the front of the seat. Eventually he gave up trying to stop it and closed his eyes, revelling in the relief.

After that incident, Slater had to sit on a seat protector every time they went somewhere in the car. It was embarrassing, but not as embarrassing as soaking the seat.

