MCU Stories

Author: Batman007

*000*2020-06-30 22:28

Authors Note: Hey guys I want to let you know that these stories are not going to be continuous, but it will just maintain a new plot instead of continuing that first storyline.

MCU Wetting/Messing Story Chapter One (Captain Marvel and Female Avengers):

On a dark and stormy day in New York, Captain Marvel lay fast asleep in her bed and she looked so peaceful laying there, but not for long. It was 6:00 Carol’s usual time to get up, but when she got up she felt very hot and that’s when she found out that she wet the bed. Carol got out of bed and stood there naked (one of her kinks) observing her mess.

She couldn’t believe it that she pissed the bed she hasn’t done that since the age 13, she stripped the bed down and took the wet doona and sheets off to put it the washing machine. She was lucky that the other Avengers only wake up at 7, but still she had to maintain a stealthy plan.

She walked as slightly as she could and she was going so well and then archived her goal without waking everybody up. She placed it in and silently tiptoed back to her room to be naughty. Now safe and sound back in her room she pulled out something that was stashed away and it was a packet of adult sized diapers. She put it on and went to the kitchen we’re she forced herself to drink non stop refills of water and after doing that she was absolutely desperate to pee.

She raced to the nearest bathroom, which was the one just next door to the kitchen and locked the door. Inside she turned on the lights and watched as she pisses herself in her diaper.

With a hour to spare she couldn’t wait to be naughty, anyway Danvers wanted to see if Wanda Maximoff (Scarlet Witch) was into wetting herself as the other day because of her had an accident on an mission and wanted to see if she loves it or hates it. So she locked all the bathrooms in this area thinking she will trick her into wetting herself and made all other bathrooms near Hulk’s lab men only and most of the female Avengers won’t be resorting to the men’s as most desperate females would.

###

The time now was 7 o’clock and Danver got dressed in her usual cardigan, which consisted of a white v-neck T-shirt, light blue jeans and a beige jacket. Scarlet Witch was the first one to come out, then Black Widow, then Shuri, then Gamora and then she couldn’t keep count and the plan malfunctioned because they all had to pee.

By accident Carol created this long line of her female companions, but it was so cute to see Shuri looking like she was going to explode. But there one thing wrong with this and that was to lie and make them believe that someone was inside there. “Open this fucking door!” Said Wanda with tears rolling down her eyes she knew that she wasn’t going to hold it in for much longer and then Danvers went to do her job. There was a little secret opening on the side of the bathroom and she was in, “Hi Wanda, I’m sorry to tell you this but you need to hold on longer.” Said Carol and Wanda replied hesitantly, which made her voice seem shaky “CCCarol II don’t thiiink I’ll make it, I can’t hoold it inin ffor muuuch longgger.”

Before Carol could speak, Wanda erupted her pyjamas pants suddenly become saturated and she felt so embarrassed by this that she raced to her room crying. Most of the other desperate girls tried to stop the urge to go because one of them failed, but it was inevitable that it would happen and it did Black Widow lost all control and peed in herself in her red satin pyjamas, Shuri looked like the next one to lose control because she’s looking like the most desperate out of them all.

She was biting her lip and had her hand wedged between thighs, she was the most desperate because she would purposely wet the bed everyday, but she didn’t today because she chose not to. But now she is trying not to show that she wants to wet herself and she usually loves to wet herself in a bathroom to isolate herself from everyone else, but she didn’t think she will today.

“I am the most deadliest woman in the whole galaxy and I am asking you kindly to hurry the fuck up, please.” Gamers spoke those words as she begged for a chance to use the bathroom and nobody thought that they were going to make it. Wasp had enough and ran straight for her room to put on a diaper and released in there instead.

The queue dramatically died done with many people leave and finding alternatives to go in, but the queue only consisted with Shuri, Wanda, Valkyrie and Gamora now. Valkyrie was so drunk that she wasn’t even paying attention to how her bladder is filling up and upon that she was the next victim. Wearing nothing but a bra and panties and only just realised then that’s she was wetting herself. As Valkyrie left them, Gamora and Shiri would not stop.

Shari must’ve banged that door a thousand times, she totally desperate to pee and it looked like she was more desperate than the most deadliest woman in the whole galaxy. In a matter of seconds she was leaking spraying squirts of pee into her blue satin pyjamas, the young princess of Wakanda panicked, every time she tried to stop thinking about it her urge grew. Gamora felt her squirts escape her and was devastated by this, she knew she wouldn’t be able to hold this in even if she had all the time in the world.

The door flung open Carol was shocked to see so many people left and ran out of the bathroom. It was the perfect time for the two desperate girls to do the job, they locked the door and fought for the toilet and Gamora got the toilet and Shuri had nothing. She quickly scattered around the bathroom for somewhere to go and in seconds Gamora started forcefully peeing into the toilet.

Shuri got her idea, she was going to go in the sink, her dirty desire of holding it in through the night and wet herself in her pjys tomorrow morning in the bathroom changed. She quickly lifted herself up onto the table top and moved the tap to the back and released her desperate urge into it. It was so fucking warm, every drop of it she couldn’t help, but moan in joy at the sound of her sweet relief.

Two hours later...

It was breakfast and while eating the girls went to where Danvers was sitting and asked her why she was so long in the toilet today and she smartly said to them “I was constipated.” The girls feel for the lie and sat back down and thus have left them with waking up with a distasteful start to the day.

The End

*001*2020-07-04 21:22

Chapter Two - Scarlet Witch:

It was very early in the morning where Scarlet Witch was in the dimly lit bathroom down the hall. She hoped nobody would spot her coming back because she was naked and imagine how awkward it would be if she was caught red handed. Her stomach was still upset since yesterday she couldn’t seem to stop going to the bathroom and always had to shit, there was only one accident she had and it was because she was too late.

She stopped it was such a relief, her ass started to hurt but it didn’t both her at least she didn’t have another accident. She walked back to her room as quite as a mouse to not get caught. When the beautiful Wanda Maximoff was back in her room, she jumped back into bed and it didn’t take her long to go back to sleep, but before sleeping she went to check the time and it was 5:30 AM.

7-8 O’clock AM -

Wanda woke up peacefully from her deep slumber and to her bad fortune had an urge to pee. She raced out of bed putting anything on to hide the fact she loved sleeping nude. She ran to the nearest one the kitchen and there was a goddamn line and she was probably the more desperate out of them. She went to check on the other bathrooms and absolutely shocked to find them locked. There was no way that she would wake up one of the original Avengers to open the lock for her, she completely hated the idea and hated people knowing about her private matters.

There was only one way to go and that was to wait patiently in the line. The line went down a bit from what it originally was, but she was getting more and more desperate, she was queued behind Black Widow and Captain Marvel. Wanda watched the two of them desperately trying to hold it in and at the same time her bladder wanted to be empty. She continued watching in agony as Black Widow lost the fight, her hot piss flowed down to the floor and created a huge puddle on the floor.

Scarlet Witch tried to hold it while her friend was having an accident, but she managed to do, but she did leak a bit. Now the queue consisted of Captain Marvel and Gamora. Danvers was getting impatient she repetitive banged on the door and shouted at the top of her lungs “Maria Hill, you open this fucking door I have been holding on since fucking 7 o’clock and it’s goddamn 7:30. I have been holding in for thirty minutes and I’m about to explode like a fucking balloon. Just open the damn door, I don’t care if I see you naked, please open up I really need to pee!” Gamora couldn’t hold on anymore and I saw her running towards her bedroom.

The two desperate girls was in complete agony both had to go so desperately and of course the was only one toilet. “DDDanvers what are we going to do when we are both in the bathroom, could we share the toilet please.”

“Yes we can share, you know come to think of it I don’t think I’ve ever shared the toilet with anybody yet, you’ll be the first one. Wanda would you like to be my wetting buddy?”

“So your another wetter I knew it! Of course I’ll be your wetting buddy I love it most of the times I love to wet the bed and sometimes piss myself in the mirror and I fucking love to soil or wet myself in my red laced panties just to name a few.”

“Well you certainly must love it to death.”

Before Maximoff could speak the door flung open and Maria Hill got out and she apologised for the wait. The desperate duo went inside to go, they unbuckled their pants and went to sit together on the toilet. Within seconds their volcanoes erupted and their hot golden pee poured into the toilet as a waterfall does to a river. They enjoyed it and especially liked how none of them knew how to keep it into the toilet and it mostly went on the legs or on the hands.

When they finished the two of them became the best of friends and it was their fetish that led them to be friends.

The End

*002*2020-07-04 22:22

Chapter Three - Gamora:

The Deadliest Woman in the Galaxy lay in her bed in Avengers Mansion nude. Gamora had a big fetish for being nude and enjoyed it more in public, the only one who saw her naked was Star Lord, but she hoped to show everybody. She woke up and went to the bathroom and it was 5 am when this was happening.

She always loved queuing at this bathroom and holding it in for long periods and it was starting to become religious as everyday it was happening and it was the most fun because most of them had fetishes for this circumstance. She opened the door and sat on the toilet with the door open, but she didn’t care if anyone saw her because she always wanted to tell people about her fetish and show them even.

Once she was finished, she flushed it, washed her hands and walked back to her room. She became attached to this new fetish when she lost the battle of being able to hold it, she wished she could be part of a group that valued wetting yourself as a compulsory task and not just an accident. Not only was she considered to the most deadliest woman in the galaxy, but now she could be honoured with a new title ‘The Queen of Wetting’ because everyday she has been having accidents because she wants to.

She went back to sleep and dreamed how much fun she would have if she was part of that group. She woke up later when a screaming match was brewing and it was probably about the bathroom lines. She got up to find how desperate she was. She quickly went to grab an old weathered carpet and placed it in front of her mirror and peed on it and enjoyed every drop of it. As her stream started to shrink down to a tinkle she start to investigate her purposed wetting and looked back up to the mirror and said “Look at how naughty am I“ and bursted out in laughter.

Later on it was breakfast and she wanted to hold her pee and she decided to join the queue as that is the best way to accomplish her desire. She went to breakfast nude and it didn’t worry anybody, it just made her the topic of discussion, but that’s all. She made sure she had to overdose herself on the orange juice to make her hold more in. Just after breakfast her bladder kickstarted and she ran to then line and she was the first one after Wanda who was inside.

Then more and more people came and Gamora lied her way to the back to give herself a chance, she really was determined to hold it in. In a matter of second she started to jump up and down and started feeling uncomfortable, she was starting... She gripped her crouch has hard as she could but she couldn’t stop her legs from dancing. She knew that she probably wouldn’t make it and that’s the fun of it, she really was turned on by the experience.

She felt her volcano start to erupt small tiny streams and she knew it was going to happen. She was getting closer and closer towards the bathroom and she was getting more and more desperate for sweet relief, she leaked again, but she did not catch it this time. Just inches from the door, she managed to become the third person in line and her bladder throbbing in pain and it was starting to hurt, but it did not take the fun out of it.

She then became the second and now first, Black Widow was inside now and that was when she exploded. As soon as the brilliant Russian spy Natasha Romanoff got out, Gamora erupted! Hot piss was running down her legs and forming a massive puddle on the ground and the naked warrior caused some to lose all control and it led to everyone queued in line to loose all control and an even bigger puddle landed on the floor.

Gamora couldn’t believe that she made all of her friends to loose control and to kindly join her in her little accident.

The End

*003*2020-07-11 21:42

Chapter Four: Black Widow:

It was a dark and stormy night in New York, Natasha Romanoff was enjoying her sleep. All of a sudden she woke up from a terrible dream and being scared caused her to fear wet the bed. Natasha felt her stream going and she had a naughty plan. She decided to take off her pants and to empty her bladder fully on her sheets instead of letting it finish Zin her panties.

She put her hand in under the bed to rip her wet panties off and while doing this, she peed on her hand. Romanoff’s accident was in full throttle and she enjoyed every single part of it. Her beautiful stream of hot piss was slowly being reduced to a tinkle, the fierce spy couldn’t help moaning to her so called ‘accident’ and she silently let out some.

Her stream was gone and her bed was absolutely wet, she continued to moan and then she put her fun to the side and went back thinking of what the dream was about. The story of her dream was about the main Avengers are captured, except Black Widow, who had to stop to use the bathroom and now she had to rescue her friends, but then she gets captured and then she gets tortured and the villain (whose face is not revealed) decides to embarrass her in front of her team causing her to wet and mess herself.

After the sour note, she went back to sleep, oh and I forgot to mention that she is lover of only sleeping with panties on and nothing else. It was morning 7:00 to be exact and she woke up. She got out of bed and walked up to her mirror and looked at her naked self and the proceed to get dressed after. She didn’t have to use the bathroom yet, but upon arriving to eat breakfast, there was an massive queue to the bathroom and she thought it was due to her male associates causing their female counterparts to humiliate themselves, but the girls love this.

While eating her meal, she wanted to purposely get desperate to pee and join in with the crowd there because of her love of omorashi and wanted to join in to have fun. She then went to overdose herself on juice to get her bladder working and she was ready to be naughty. Her bladder kicked in shortly and she was excited she ran to the queue and conveniently placed behind Captain Marvel (another omo lover and her best friend). “Hey Carol how are you?” Natasha calmly said and a reply sprung out “I’m good Nat, but I’ve been holding since 6:40 and Valkyrie hasn’t finished yet. I mean what’s taking her so long is it the excessive drinking or what?”

Before Black Widow could respond, Wasp was in dire need to go, she repeatedly banged on the door saying “Valkyrie open this fucking door now! I’m really really desperate, please I don’t want to have an accident!” Hope Pym has no love for omorashi, she regarded wetting as a necessity not something to pleasure yourself with. She was the only person who disliked it as everyone else has major fetishes for it. Anyway Hope was starting to loose the battle as she leaked twice and scared of the horrific ending she was about to face.

Just as she was preparing for her ‘end of the world’ situation, Valkyrie was finished and Wasp jumped in, she was overjoyed that she made it and that she didn’t public humiliate herself in front of her friends, which is a major fear of her’s. She was finished not so soon after and while Wasp’s predicament happened many people left the queue to go somewhere else and it was just Maria Hill, Captain Marvel and Black Widow left. Captain Marvel wanted Maria to pay for taking so long that she talked to Tony to lock the bathroom door on Maria and embarrass her for her rudeness she showed yesterday.

Danvers made the call sign to Stark and the door was completely shut, Hill still hand her hands on the door and knew that it was locked “NO. Fuck no please, I HAVE TO FUCKING PEE. I AM FUCKING DESPERATE OK. OPEN THIS DAMN DOOR!!!” She violently yelled as her body was aching for her relief, but she knew she wouldn’t make it. She turned to look at Danvers and realised what was going on, “You did this, didn’t you?”

“Yes I did and it’s because you need to learn how to take less time in the bathroom and you are banned from using the toilets, you can only do the other necessities in a bathroom, but you are banned from using it and we will be watching.”

Hill was to scared to take all in and completely forgot about her bladder and only realised then that she was already too late and felt her dark blue pants was already damp, she knew she wasn’t going to make it and then...... Hissssssssssss! She started wetting herself, her golden stream poured into her damp panties, she was completely mortified. She sunk to her feet as a large puddle formed on the ground, Captain Marvel and Black Widow struggled to keep in their urge to pee while they humiliated Maria Hill.

Danvers told Romanoff that she had a plan and she told her to take off her suit and to pee on Hill. The two of them stripped themselves of their suits and then gave Maria a golden shower and proceeded to until she was completely drenched in piss.

The End

*004*2020-07-14 21:20

Chapter 5: Maria Hill:

New York 4:00 AM:

It was a much more calmer night in New York, where Maria Hill lay in her bed asleep. She wakes up shortly after this and finds out that she is in dire need to go pee, ashamed by her lost privileges, which she can’t use the bathroom and goes back to sleep with the knowledge that she will find the bed wet at 7:00.

New York 7:00 AM:

The sound of her alarm caused her to wake up, there she found out she had an accident, the bed was covered in piss and she was ashamed of herself from doing this. Unlike her counterparts Maria dislike omorashi and also is known to actually sleep in pyjamas rather than in the nude. She got up to get dressed and was mortified to see how big the damage was to her pants, despite her self-humiliation she got dressed in her traditional SHIELD outfit and walked outside to have breakfast.

She wasn’t even close to the dining area yet, when felt that she need to shit, she disliked the peeing and now she will dislike the defecation as well. There was absolutely no way she could sneak into the bathroom line because she was being watched by Captain Marvel and just then she remembered that Avengers Mansion used to be an old S.H.E.L.D facility, so if she could go to the old training area, she could find some diapers that would save her and make her more calmer even if it seems so baby like. S.H.E.L.D operatives are first shown how to hold your pee in for long periods of time and they start you off in diapers for you to get the feel of things.

She went to grab one and thank goodness it was still there and she immediately stripped down to put the diaper on her and also found that they had diapers on tap and meant that she could come her to restock after an accident. She could feel her body trying to force her load out of her and to her thought that she should test the diaper out, she forcefully tried to push it out deeper, but every time she did it instantly started to hurt herself. She forced it again, she put the pain to the side and continued pushing it out and soon after that, her load came out. Maria was absolutely grateful towards her body’s eruption and could feel her load making a big lump in her diaper and smiled when more shot out of her.

2 minutes later...

After having breakfast, Maria walked to the bathroom to do the other necessary things, but before doing it look at herself in the mirror and had a look at the mess she created and was absolutely pleased to see the whole back was stained brown and she knew what she did was naughty, but she enjoyed it and Hill thought it could be her fetish.

20 minutes later...

She had to go again and this time to follow what Danvers wanted her to do and that was to humiliate herself in front of everybody and where would be a great place to do so..... the kitchen bathroom. She went to line up and someone was taking forever in a day, which was great and forced some out most people could still smell the remains of her last accident and Hill once again pushed more harder, but tried to not show her naughty actions.

Hill could feel her body trying to let it go and was so excited that it’s going to happen. Pruttttttt! She farted very loudly and then felt her load flowing into her diaper and the squishing of it on her old mess. If she went to look in the mirror she would find her whole back would be smeared with shit on it.

The End...

