Makishima's accident

Author: bunny

*000*2016-08-16 09:07

The yowamushi pedal club was training in the mountains to practice climbing. They stayed at an inn that was located on the top of the mountain. On the way to the inn Kinjou announced Hakone academy club was also training there so the held a joint practice with them. They arrived and went to their rooms to unpack after that they began the training.The parcour started in town, for the sprinters and then 5 minutes cycling for they started climbing, the end was on the top of the mountain where the inn was. Before they started the joint practice they ate lunch and started practice. Because the joint practice they held a little race between the clubs. First was there the sprinters battle and the winner was Tadokoro before the mountains the teams climbers went riding before their teammates.

Halfway the mountain Toudou asked if he could hold a batlle between him and Makishima.

Makishima hoped the captains didn't approve their battle because he needed to pee but the captains did approve. So the battle started Toudou accelerated but Makishima hesitated a second before starting his dancing. Makishima was a meter ahead of Toudou because he was riding faster to get to the toilet. They were almost at the top when Makishima started to leak a bit and their was a small wet spot on his pants and he hoped that Toudou didn't see it.

Toudou noticed that Makishima's dancing was weirder than normal and then he saw the small wet spot on Makishima's pants. Toudou knew he had to pee. They were almost at the inn and started to ride faster and the winner was Makishima, he jumped off his bike, held his thights together and started to run to the inn. But Toudou stopped him and said that they had to set their bikes in the garage. Makishima was a bit slower done and saw Toudou walking towards the toilet.

Makishima was standing with crossed legs and because he was alone he held his crotch. After 3 minutes of desperation Toudou left the toilet, Makishima sprinted inside without closing the door but before he was inside the floodgates opened and started to wet himself. Toudou was watching him peeing himself when he was done Toudou helped him cleaning the puddle and they changed their clothes. Nobody knew that Makishima had wet his pants and it was a secret between the two.

