Kayla’s Water Park Desperation

Author: Bursting_Bi

*000*2023-12-07 02:22

Author’s note: I am currently writing this with a full bladder. As a challenge, I am not allowing myself to pee until I finish writing. Hopefully, my full bladder will give me some ins-pee-ration.

Kayla was a college student on summer break at the water park with her friends Jessica and Lily. The three friends were having fun together while Kayla’s mom watched Kayla’s 5-year-old brother Jack. everything was going well… until Kayla realized she needed to pee.

The three friends had just finished going on a fun water ride when Lily said, “hey guys, let’s go to the wave pool”.

“Yeah!” Jessica said.

”Yeah!” Kayla said. She kind of had to pee, but she was having so much fun she didn’t want to stop to empty her bladder. The three friends swam in the wave pool, laughing and riding the waves together. They challenged each other to swim deeper and deeper, where the waves were bigger. At first, Kayla was having so much fun that she didn’t feel like she had to pee anymore. But little by little, it crept up on her again. She thought about going, but there were so many people in the wave pool that she decided that pushing and shoving her way to the front wouldn’t be worth the effort.

“Hey, I’m bored”, said Jessica, “let’s do something else”. The three friends pushed and shoved their way to the front of the wave pool and started walking around the park.

“Hey! Bumper boats!”, Jessica said.

”Oooh I wanna do that!”, said Kayla, choosing not to let her bladder get in the way of her fun.

@@The girls excitedly got on their bumper boats, laughing as they rammed each other with their boats and blasted each other with the water guns attached to the handles. Kayla was having so much fun but each bump made the liquid in her bladder slosh around uncomfortably and the spray of the water gun reminded her of something she needed to do. After their time on the bumper boats was up, they decided to go to the Lazy River. Kayla’s bladder was getting fuller but she figured she could hold it a bit longer. The three girls got on their floats and enjoyed the sun on their skin as they floated down the river. Lily and Jessica talked about the cute boys they met at their respective colleges but Kayla found herself unable to focus on the conversation. Her bladder had become too full to ignore and demanded her attention. She crossed her legs and squirmed as the discomfort became stronger and stronger. Hold it, hold it, hold it, she reminded herself, I can wait, I can wait. But the Lazy River was so unbearably slow and holding in all that pee was so uncomfortable. “What’s wrong?”, Jessica asked, noticing Kayla’s discomfort.

“I have to pee SO BAD, you guys”, Kayla confessed.

“It’s okay, just pee in the water”, Lily said.

”Ew Lily, that’s gross”, snapped Jessica. Kayla seriously considered Lily’s suggestion; her bladder was SO FULL and discreetly emptying it into the water would feel AMAZING, but she saw that someone people had heard what Lily said and were giving the three girls the side eye, so Kayla resigned to holding it. She shifted uncomfortably in the tube, which made dull squeaks when her skin rubbed against the rubber. My bladder feels just like this tube, she thought, but instead of air, it’s full of PEE. It was getting harder and harder for Kayla to control her bladder and she realized that she needed to pee soon or else she’d have an accident.

“Guys, I’m literally about to explode”, Kayla said, paddling furiously to try to get to the end faster.

“Oh no, that’s not good”, Lily said.

”Don’t pee in the water!”, said Jessica.

“I can’t hold it much longer”, Kayla moaned.

“Here, we’ll help you!” Said Jessica. Jessica jumped out of her tube and started pushing Kayla’s tube, and Lily followed suit.

“OUT OF THE WAY, PEOPLE”, Lily shouted, “OR ELSE MY FRIEND IS GONNA PEE IN THE POOL”.

Kayla felt a bit embarrassed that everyone around them knew her predicament, but she was way too desperate to care. Every little bounce was torture for her bladder but at least she was moving faster towards relief. When they got to the end of the Lazy River, Kayla jumped up immediately and started slowly, carefully (trying not to shake her bladder too much) walking in the direction of the bathroom.

“Kayla, we’re gonna go get spots in line at the waterslide, meet us there, ‘Kay?”, Jessica said. Kayla was too busy to respond; she was on a mission. As she neared the bathroom, Kayla fought to hold back the massive amount of liquid that threatened to come rushing out from between her legs.

Almost there… The bathroom line was still long, but Kayla didn’t care. Pee…SOON. Relief was getting closer and closer. Suddenly, she heard a voice behind her.

“Kayla!”. It was her mom with her little brother in tow. “Kayla, I need to take this work call, take Jack to the Kiddie Area for me, okay?”

”But Mom, I need to-“

@@Kayla’s mom had already walked off, talking into her phone, leaving Kayla with a five-year-old kid and an extremely full bladder. Kayla clenched her teeth as she took her brother’s hand and walked him toward the Kiddie area. She mustered all her willpower to hold it as the sight and sound of the all the fountains shooting water into the air taunted her, reminding her of what she so desperately wanted to do. I’m going to become one of those fountains soon, she thought. Kayla found a place to sit as her brother splashed and played in the kiddie pool. Sitting down made it a bit easier for her to hold it, but not much. She sat there clenching her sphincter and praying for her mom to return soon. Ugh, if I stand up, I’ll lose control, Kayla thought. Suddenly, her brother started walking toward the deep end of the pool. “Jack, you’re not allowed to go there”, she shouted. But her brother didn’t hear her. She had to do something. As she got up, a spurt made its way into her bikini bottoms but she needed to make sure her brother was safe, so she clenched and kept walking.

@@“Jack, stop!”. Kayla jumped into the deep end of the pool to chase after her brother. As soon as her hips hit the water, another spurt came out. Then another. Then a longer one. She stopped for a moment to regain control, then continued wading and shouting at her brother. Then another spurt came out, and another. Kayla tried to stop it, but this time, she couldn’t. She held her muscles as hard as she could, but the tighter she held, the faster it came out. At this point, trying to hold back her pee was like trying to hold back Niagara Falls. Her muscles gave out and she was fully peeing. Even though no one noticed, Kayla felt so embarrassed at her loss of control, but GOD, it felt so GOOD. As she peed and peed and peed, the immense discomfort gave way to immense relief. Kayla let go of her embarrassment and let herself revel in the sheer bliss of a long overdue pee break. Finally, Kayla’s bladder was fully empty and she let out a little sigh of relief. Then, she collected herself and waded over to her brother.

”Kayla” Jack said as she picked him up, ”did you pee?”.

”No”. Kayla lied.

