Efro Lied

Author: bored2death

*000*2021-12-14 00:58

Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, and events are the property of their respective owners. I do not own Elfen Lied in any capacity. I am not associated with Lynn Okamoto, Mamoru Kanbe, Studio Arms, or any party involved with the manga or anime. This is a fanfiction meant solely for entertainment. No copyright infringement is intended.

Note: This fanfiction takes place after the events of the anime Elfen Lied. The anime timeline and characters are different than the manga’s so keep that in mind if you’re wondering why things are so different than the last portion of the manga. Also, this story has some set up since I really love this anime and these characters. If you want to skip straight to the lemon, I’ll mark the start of that section with ### so you can skip right to the sexy stuff if you want to.

Lucy had survived her massive battle with Kakuzawa’s troops and managed to avoid capture. She knew she didn’t deserve a second chance at life, but she wanted to be with Kouta so badly. For years she had told herself that she was continuing to live only to one day apologize and achieve some modicum of redemption. She never anticipated surviving this long or what would happen afterwards. Upon returning, the clock that her Nyuu persona had worked on started to chime wildly and she could feel her head pounding as her dual personalities started becoming one. Her memories surged up from deep within as she gripped her head tightly with both hands. The sound of Wanta barking finally snapped her out of her trance as Kouta opened the sliding panel door. Kouta was beyond shocked when he saw the unexpected visitor on the other side.

“You! You’re…you’re alive?! I thought I’d never see you again! Where have you been?!” So many emotions flowed through him he was quickly overwhelmed. He was so relieved and happy to see her alive 6 weeks after her disappearance, but he had only just been able to genuinely mourn the loss of his family. He couldn’t forgive her for all she had done. A part of him even still hated her, but he also somehow loved her. For just those few days they spent together as children, he had connected with her in a way he hadn’t with anyone else in his life. When he found her again years later, injured and suffering from head trauma, he felt that same connection again as he nursed her back to health. He knew in his heart that he loved this woman, and he couldn’t change that even if he tried.

“Are you Nyuu, or the one I talked to on the stairs?” She smiled as she embraced him passionately. “You said it yourself that night, they’re both me. However, you can just continue to call me Nyuu.” For the next few months, Kouta’s relationship with Nyuu bloomed into something beautiful. He hadn’t been sure he’d be able to look past the horrible things she had done, but her remorse was so genuine and her desire to start over so sincere that he just couldn’t bring himself to hate her any longer. She now visited his family’s resting place with him every day, bringing rice and praying silently. One night, she suffered from a horrible nightmare and screamed herself awake. Kouta felt so bad for her that he spent the night in her bed with his arms wrapped gently around her waist. He wasn’t quite ready yet to get intimate, but he couldn’t see her suffer like that.

That was the breaking point for Kouta’s cousin Yuka, who had held out hope that Kouta would one day return her feelings if Nyuu failed to return. Now that Nyuu was back, she knew her already slim chance was over. She knew cousin marriage was antiquated and frowned upon, but she couldn’t help the way she felt. She had feelings for him ever since they were children, but Kouta always seemed oblivious to that. In reality, even Kouta as dense as he was, was aware of how Yuka felt at this point. He just didn’t feel that way about her and never would. The least he could do was to keep her ignorant of who Nyuu truly was. It would be unspeakably cruel for Yuka to learn that she had lost her romantic rivalry to the infamous ex-serial killer who brutally murdered his family in front of him! His life was an impossible absurdity, but according to the philosophers he had to read in college, such is life in general.

One night around Christmas, Yuka decided to do a favor for her romantic rival. She knew she had lost anyways, so she may as well bow out with grace before moving out. Yuka decided to take Mayu and Nana out to visit her mother, leaving Kouta and Nyuu all alone in the inn together. In addition, she had managed to secure a large supply of beer from a college friend who tended to party a little too hard. “You girls have fun tonight!” Kouta waved cheerily as Yuka hailed a taxi to her mother’s. After they had left, Kouta returned to the low table. He had just taken Nyuu on a wonderful date to the same zoo they had visited as children. He was happy to see Nyuu’s love of animals was as strong as ever. The atmosphere was quite romantic with a light snow now beginning to fall outside, but Kouta was very nervous. “So um…have you ever had alcohol before?” Nyuu shook her head before answering. “There are a lot of things I’ve never experienced before. This is certainly one of them.”

“I actually tried to drink a little back in high school to show off to some classmates, but…it didn’t go well. I’m kind of a lightweight.” Nyuu chuckled at the thought of Kouta trying to show off and acting like a normal, dumb teenager. She had read that alcohol could calm the nerves and she certainly felt like she needed that right now. She wanted this so badly, but she was also terrified. What if he didn’t find her attractive?! What if they just weren’t compatible in bed and he started to have thoughts about other girls?

She knew this was rather unfair to the extremely faithful Kouta, but after a lifetime of being treated as a monster, the idea of actually having sex with the man she loved made her so nervous. Nyuu drank beer after beer, but found that the alcohol just didn’t have much effect on her due to her genetics. Kouta on the other hand, was quickly plastered. She needed to act now before he passed out! “Hey Kouta, could I…spend the night in your room tonight?” Nyuu said as suggestively as possible.

###

The drunken young couple entered Kouta’s room. While Maple Inn was quite spacious, the ever-conscientious Kouta kept only a small room for himself. The room was sparsely furnished with a study desk and a small bed in the corner up against the wall. The wall was covered in a bland, white wallpaper and had nothing in the way of posters or decorations. Kouta had far too pre-occupied working through his feelings for Nyuu to bother decorating much. “So…you really want to do this now?” Nyuu was concerned since Kouta was far more affected by the beer than she was, even though she had drunk a LOT more.

“I’m fffine. I want to make you to love!” Kouta stammered drunkenly. They removed their clothes, and he began to fumble awkwardly with her bra. “Just get on the bed honey, I’ll take it off for you.” Nyuu assured him warmly. Nyuu tried to look her sexiest stripping off her bra and panties, which drove Kouta wild. They began to kiss passionately, but in his drunken state he ashamedly was having a hard time getting it up. He began to apologize and blush, but Nyuu gently comforted him. “It’s ok honey, we just drank a little too much tonight. We’re in no rush. I actually think this is better since I want to remember our first time clearly.” Kouta snuggled up to her and held her tight. “You’re so…so sweet Nyuu!” Nyuu smiled as she hugged him back. “I’m really not, but I’m glad there’s one person who thinks so.” Nyuu turned out the lights and within 10 minutes, both were soundly asleep in each other’s warm embrace.

However, that wasn’t nearly the end of this night. In her attempts to loosen up her guilty conscious and inhibitions, Nyuu had drained 10 cans of beer and even her abnormally large, mutant bladder was now filled to the bursting point. Just 3 hours into their sleep, a gentle trickle escaped Nyuu’s lower lips and trickled against Kouta’s leg. This immediately startled him awake since he was a rather light sleeper. He at first was worried it was blood and quickly turned on the bedside lamp. He was relieved to see she wasn’t hurt but was also rather shocked an 18-year-old girl was having an accident like this. In Nyuu’s case, for the second time in front of him! He gently shook her awake.

“Um…sweetie, you’re kind of making a mess. Nyuu awoke and immediately realized what was happening. She painfully clamped off the flow and began to feel her eyes fill with tears as she blushed furiously. “Oh my God I’m SO sorry! I swear this hasn’t happened since I was in the orphanage. Please don’t be angry or disgusted with me!” She spoke in a rapid, desperate voice. Kouta saw this must be a very painful topic for her and immediately put his arms around her to try calm her down. “It’s ok Nyuu, I’m not angry or disgusted, just a little surprised that’s all!” Nyuu’s face still showed a deeply painful expression. “The other kids and even the adults used to bully me relentlessly for this.

One caretaker used to slap me so hard my lip would split open and then she would yell at me for bleeding on my shirt. “Nyuu, I’m not one of those horrible people who abused you. Why would you ever think I’d react that way?! I just want you to be happy because I love you!” Nyuu smiled sadly as she tried to force her crying under control. Before he knew it, Nyuu was all over him, kissing him frantically.

Suddenly, she tensed up painfully as if suddenly stabbed in the side. Oh my GOD I still have to piss SOO fucking bad! I can’t even stand up or else it’s going to come out! The toilet is on the other side of the inn and there’s no way I can make it. What am I going to do?!” Nyuu was beyond desperate and Kouta couldn’t bear to see his beloved in so much pain.

“It’s really ok Nyuu! The bed is already wet so just let go. Don’t hurt yourself!” Nyuu gave him a tearful smile as she sat upright against the headboard and prepared to take his advice right away. “Oh God THANK YOUUU!” It felt like her bladder was tearing apart. She needed to get this beer out NOW! Without any further delay, Nyuu spread her lower lips and pushed down on her pelvic floor muscles with all her might.

Kouta knew she had drunk a lot of beer. He knew she was frantically desperate to relieve herself. However, he wasn’t at all prepared for what happened next! An obscenely thick, powerful stream exploded from Nyuu’s womanhood and flew the length of the bed before splattering against the wall with the force of a firehose. Nyuu let out a long moan of immense pleasure as her eyes rolled back. The white wall paper was quickly being stained yellow and the splash back was similarly staining the sheets, but Nyuu couldn’t care less about that right now. Any feelings of shame or embarrassment had been entirely replaced with the most blessed relief she had ever felt in her life. Kouta was shocked to see just how hard this beautiful girl was peeing! He had seen plenty of jocks and burly guys empty themselves at the urinal next to him, but he had never in his life seen a stream anything like this. The force, volume, and sound were simply incredible!

He looked up at her face and saw the most beautiful expression he had ever seen. It was like she was experiencing a continuous, perpetual orgasm. Kouta was no longer drunk at this point and embarrassingly found himself getting the hardest erection he could remember.

After about 20 seconds the stream lost a little power and now instead of splattering off the wall with deafening sound and the splash back hitting the sheets, it was running straight down the wall like a golden waterfall. Nyuu let out another orgasmic moan. She was still in a state of complete and utter ecstasy. It seemed like an eternity until Nyuu’s vicious stream eventually drooped down to a normal one and finally stopped.

By the time it was finally over, Nyuu had expelled around 3.5 liters of recycled beer piss all over his wall and bed! The sheets were stained badly, and the wallpaper was utterly ruined with the largest pee stain imaginable. The puddle on the wooden floor resembled a small lake. Nyuu had only one thing to say in response to all of this, “AAAAAHHHHHHH!!!” Nyuu let out the most heavenly sigh Kouta had ever heard. Her eyes showed she was still in a deep high as dopamine flooded her brain’s pleasure receptors. This was a perfect state of pure relief.

For next few seconds, the only sound was Nyuu’s pee still dripping down off the wall and on to the floor. Eventually, Kouta broke the silence with an awkward “Um….wow! Are you feeling better honey?” Nyuu finally came down to Earth and glanced over at him with the most wicked grin. “You have NO fucking idea how good that felt! I could never have made it to the bathroom. Thank you SO much for just telling me to let go! That was the best feeling I’ve ever experienced in my life! She began to smother him with kisses when suddenly she felt his rock-hard member and grinned widely.

“What’s this? I see I wasn’t the only one feeling good!” Now it was Kouta’s turn to feel embarrassed. “Um…uh…it’s just that you were moaning and your face looked so beautiful and it looked like it felt so good it just made me feel good. Please don’t think I’m a pervert!” Nyuu laughed gently as she embraced him. “Kouta, I don’t think you’re a pervert! I think you’re sweet! After spending my entire life with people who seem to get off on my suffering, I’m not going to complain I found someone who feels good when I’m feeling good!” She then leaned forward and nibbled on his earlobe before whispering sexily in his ear.

“Also, I have a little secret. That felt so good I almost came from the sheer relief! Since we’re both close, how about we finish each other off?” Kouta quickly nodded his head as the naughty mutant rolled him over on his back and mounted on top of him. Nyuu gently guided his steel rod into her now sopping pussy. Nyuu whispered in her most erotic voice, “Ok, now it’s time for you to do your part”.

Kouta massaged her breasts and gently began to thrust. “Um…am I doing this right? I’m not hurting you am I!?” Nyuu looked down at him with a very loving, bemused expression. He was so gentle. The polar opposite of the lab facility guard who violently took her virginity from her before she repaid him by taking his life. “Kouta, you can go a little harder and quicker than that sweetie! I’m a pretty tough girl, so I can take it.” Kouta gradually started to thrust harder and faster as he got into a rhythm. “Hold on, let me adjust you just a little bit. Oh FUCK yes that’s hitting my spot! Keep going!” Kouta kept up the rhythm for another 10 seconds before Nyuu erupted her ejaculate all over his stomach and nether region. This surprise instantly finished off Kouta, who filled her with a wild ejaculation of his own.

Both screamed in ecstasy before Nyuu collapsed on top of him and their heavy panting became the only sound in the room. This time Nyuu was the one who broke the silence. “That…was…AMAZING!” she said between breaths. She was caked in sweat and still breathing hard. “You really came hard! If it wasn’t for the pills, I’d be carrying our child right now!” Kouta caught his breath before responding.

“I came hard? What about you?! Do you mean to tell me on top of everything else you can cum like that?! Am I dreaming or are you some kind of goddess?” Nyuu smiled and blushed. “Kouta, I can assure you that you’re the only guy I’ve ever met who would consider me a goddess instead of a deformed freak. If I can play the role of your sexy goddess though and we can make love like that, I’m happy to accept the part. We’re going to have a LOT of fun together!” Kouta wanted badly to snuggle with her and go back to sleep, but there were a few things to do first. “Um..Nyuu, we kind of made a mess and that pee is going to start smelling bad soon. We should probably start cleaning up. Nyuu blushed while nodding in agreement. It would be a little while before the young lovers were able to resume their peaceful slumber.

*001*2021-12-14 07:24

Yes, I wrote a lemon for a 20 year old anime that hasn’t been popular or even generally liked since 2010.

“My goals are beyond your understanding “ -Eobard Thawne

*003*2021-12-29 09:06

Chapter 2 of EFRO Lied

A few days had passed since our young couple’s first wild night together. In the intervening days, they hadn’t been able to keep their hands off each other. Of course, they tried to avoid going too far with public displays of affection. After all, they were still living with 2 minors in the house and Nyuu’s romantic rival Yuka was still in the process of finding her own place. However, it wasn’t exactly subtle that their relationship had developed a new level of intimacy and everyone in the inn could sense that. It was a bright, Sunday morning and the snow outside the inn was beginning to melt.

Kouta was on winter break but knew that he still had some studying to do. He wasn’t a great student, so he knew he should be using this time to read ahead and avoid getting overwhelmed. The problem was that Kouta hated studying with a passion and happened to be living with the most beautiful woman he had ever set eyes on. A woman who loved him deeply with every fiber of her being, just as he loved her. Clearly, there were other things on his mind that made studying quite difficult.

“How the Hell can I study at a time like this!?” Kouta threw down his book in frustration. “Why do I need to take Japanese literature again in college? I already hated having to read Basho’s poetry in high school! Maybe if we could read classic manga from the 1960s and 70s instead, I could actually pay attention. Nyuu interrupted Kouta’s fond reminiscence of the Joe vs. Rikiishi fight with a bold proposition.

“How about if you study a full 6 hours today, I give you a special reward tonight?” Nyuu smirked as her sultry voice gave away her very erotic intentions. Kouta swallowed hard. “Um…what kind of a reward?” Kouta wondered if she may be referring to oral pleasure again. They had tried that last night and she had been pretty amazing for her first time. Although she did keep stopping to awkwardly apologize. He had pleasured her first and her ejaculate sprayed in his face so hard it had gone up his nose. From that point, both had decided a tap on the back of the head to let the other know they were close would be a good idea. “I’m not going to tell you yet, but you’ll have an idea soon enough”. Nyuu smiled mischievously. “I think I can study under those arrangements. Where is that book I threw? I suddenly love haiku poetry of the 17th century!”

As the day passed, Kouta read while Nyuu read over his shoulder, occasionally helping when Kouta struggled to read a character. “Weren’t you imprisoned in a lab for the last 3 years? Why do you know how to read so much better than me? I know you’re a lot smarter but come on!” Nyuu blushed before answering gently. “I spent the 5 years before that mostly hiding out in a little used public library. Reading was pretty much the only thing I did during that time.” Nyuu drank again from a large water bottle. This was her second in the last 2 hours, even though it was far from a hot day outside. “I notice you’ve been drinking a lot. Is this special surprise going to maybe involve your highly talented bladder?” Nyuu smiled and kissed him on the forehead.

“Yuka always complains how dense you can be, but maybe you have a little detective in you after all!” By the end of the six hour period, Nyuu had drunk almost a full gallon of water and not once had she used the toilet. “I think it’s time I gave you your special reward! Nyuu walked towards the bathroom and seductively indicated for him to follow. The inn’s other residents were watching a movie at this time, so there was little chance of their being interrupted. However, Nyuu quickly locked the bathroom door just to be safe. Nyuu lifted her shirt and dropped her panties to show her very swollen bladder. Kouta gasped at just how full she was. He couldn’t imagine how badly she needed release! What she said next surprised him. “Ok darling, now drop your pants and get on the toilet!” Kouta was rather confused. “I actually just went 30 minutes ago. Why should I get on the toilet?” Nyuu grimaced in pain before responding sharply. “Just do it! I don’t have much longer!”

Kouta quickly followed her request and within a few seconds was sitting on the toilet, naked from the waist down. Nyuu stripped off all her clothes and shocked him by straddling his legs and assuming what sex guides called the “Face Off” position. Nyuu was his equal in height, so they were now staring directly eye to eye with their faces only a few inches apart. “Please spread your legs just a little wider. It’s going to come out hard and I really want to get all I can in the bowl!” Kouta finally grasped her intentions and couldn’t believe his naughty lover was really going to do it. “I was going to give you a little longer and build up to it, but well...I can’t hold it anymore! Orgasmic relief in 5…4…3…2…1…”

Suddenly the entire bathroom was filled with the cacophony of Nyuu’s stream thunderously splashing into the water below. This was mixed with a very loud and prolonged moan from Nyuu that left zero doubt about how she was feeling! A wet warmth engulfed Kouta’s nether region as the edge of her stream blasted against his privates and drops were flying everywhere despite her intention to get it all in the bowl. Kouta glanced down and saw the same incredible stream he had witnessed that night, firing like a waterjet cutter from that beautiful vulva with its fuzzy pink pubes that matched the mutant girl’s hair. Kouta glanced back up to see Nyuu’s heavenly expression. Her eyes were closed, and her mouth formed a perfect “O” of blissful relief! After the initial burst of relief, Nyuu’s eyes opened and stared deeply into his.

For the next 10 seconds, the lovers simply gazed lovingly into each other’s eyes before both started kissing passionately. Nyuu’s stream still hammered the water below as their tongues twisted together and Kouta wrapped his arms around her back. This slightly shifted her stream and she hit the tip of his member with its full force. Kouta came without either of them even having to touch it. He let out his own moan of pleasure as Nyuu nuzzled her forehead against his. The water had grown so foamy that the splashing of Nyuu’s piss now sounded rather different.

At around the 2-minute mark, the stream finally stopped. The foam nearly touched Kouta’s behind and the water was now several inches deeper. Nyuu gave him an ear-to-ear smile as she came down from her high. “Before you even ask, yes I feel a LOT better now! I see that you enjoyed yourself as well!” Nyuu pointed to Kouta’s still erect member and his seed now plastered all over her lower tummy. “That was the best surprise gift EVER!” Kouta managed as he kissed her once again. “We better clean up this bathroom before the others find it, but after that I have surprise for you as well! I’ve been practicing how to better use my tongue and want to try it out right now!”

However, that’s the start of another story.

*004*2021-12-29 18:31

A fun fact is that the original manga this fanfic was based off has as many pee fetish scenes as the fanfic! Unfortunately, the manga’s quality in both art and writing is rather poor. Thus why my fanfic uses the romance and characterization of the far superior anime adaptation. I wanted a story that combined the wholesome sweetness of the anime at its best with the sheer horniness and fetish fuel of the manga.

*006*2021-12-31 00:53

No, but only because this fanfic takes place in the anime timeline, and she doesn’t exist in the anime version. While I love the anime, I'm not actually too keen on the manga.

Elfen Lied's anime and manga are different enough in terms of characterization, themes, and tone that the anime fans frequently clash with the manga fans. It's one of relatively few anime properties where it happens to such a degree. In the manga, the struggle against the psychic mutants is nature over nurture. The mutants are naturally evil from a human perspective and the fact Lucy had an abused background was simply a coincidence. Lucy/Kaede is an irredeemable monster down to her very DNA, but she's given a few moments of sympathy as a tragic villain. A part of her at least wishes she was human while most of the mutants are simply pure evil.

Manga fans are strongly Kouta x Yuka and view Lucy as an interesting if not likeable villain who drives the plot. In the anime, Lucy is written as an anti-hero who does horrible things, but is redeemable. In fact, the anime very clearly ships Lucy with Kouta despite how odd that pairing is. This bizarre dark romance is largely where the anime gains its famous reputation for edge. The anime fans are rabidly Kouta x Lucy and tend to dislike Yuka, which of course brings them into conflict with the manga fans. Ironically, the 2 sides rarely stand up for each other, which is part of why it is one of the most shit on anime/manga of all time online. From the perspective of other fandoms, both sides have shit taste, so the conflict between fans of the anime vs. manga doesn't matter.

Sorry the long rambling, but I hope this clears things up.

*007*2022-01-14 06:24

I am currently working on chapter 3. However, it will likely have to be posted over on Nyou fiction. Instead of involving pee, this chapter will feature Kouta using a stomach massage to relieve Nyuu's severe constipation. As you might guess, the relief in this chapter will be of the #2 variety.

*008*2022-02-06 07:04

Chapter 3 of EFRO LIED (This chapter focuses on gas and scat, so no omo in this one. If that's ok with you, read ahead. I will mark the portion before the pooping starts as one final warning!)

It was one week later, and Kouta faced another weekend of intense studying. Nyuu had enthusiastically agreed to help him study on this cold day, but as the day went on, he noticed Nyuu growing increasingly uncomfortable. “What’s the matter Nyuu? You look like you’re in pain!” Nyuu smiled at him reassuringly. “It’s ok, it’s just my damn stomach. It’s incredibly bloated and is really starting to hurt! I know I’ve eaten way too much this week, but I was quite underweight when I first escaped from the facility.

You don’t know how good even simple rice balls look after you’ve spent 3 years being fed on only gruel with some occasional vitamins ground in. I’m ashamed to admit this, but I haven’t pooped in over 3 days! Do we have anything I could take for that?” Kouta shook his head. “I’m sorry Nyuu, but I don’t think we have any laxatives or softeners right now. I would run to the store, but the little corner place is closed Saturdays.” Nyuu groaned as she placed a hand on her bloated stomach.

“I guess I could wait until morning, but it really is bothering me.” Kouta looked at her sympathetically. He couldn’t bare to see his beloved in pain or discomfort. “There is actually one other thing I could try, but it might be a little embarrassing for you.” Nyuu looked at him pleadingly. “I don’t care! If you can do anything to take away this pain please do it!” Kouta lifted her shirt and felt her distended tummy. “I don’t think I’ve told you this, but I was in my high school’s alternative medicine club.” Nyuu smiled when she heard this. “You always have been a natural healer. You’re so sweet and make everyone feel better just by being around them.” Kouta blushed at her compliment before confessing, “actually it was because I was late to club day and it was the only club with openings left”.

“That’s also quite like you!” Nyuu laughed before quickly regretting it and clutching her stomach. “Anyways, I learned in that club that osteopathic medicine has a stomach kneading technique to cure constipation without any medicine. If you get in the tub with me, I think I might possibly be able to help. I only got to practice it a few times though with a partner, so I don’t know if I’m any good.” Nyuu quickly nodded her head before grabbing his hand and rushing off to the Maple Inn’s large indoor onsen.

Kouta locked the door as Nyuu hastily removed her clothes. He could see immediately that she wasn’t exaggerating. Her normally perfect tummy was horribly bloated. Kouta stripped down and sat against the edge of the onsen with his legs spread wide for Nyuu to sit comfortably between them. Nyuu leaned back against him as he massaged her shoulders. “God your neck and shoulders are so tight! Let me try work on these before I get to your stomach.” Nyuu moaned in agreement as his fingers worked their magic. After working on her neck, shoulders, and back, Kouta finally worked his way down to her poor tummy. Kouta then started kneading, softly at first but gradually gaining strength. “This is going to feel a little uncomfortable, but I need to get your intestines stimulated. Is it ok if I go a little harder?” Nyuu quickly accepted, desperate to see if anything would work.

“Alright Nyuu. This is embarrassing, but I’m going to grab your gastric folds and pull down. You might experience some slight gas, but that’s just what happens.”

Nyuu was skeptical anything would happen but as Kouta pulled down hard, she had her breath taken away as she involuntarily released the biggest fart of her life! The monstrous fart could be heard quite clearly from underwater and released an absolute geyser of water and bubbles between Nyuu’s legs. This lasted for a good 6 seconds before finally ceasing. Nyuu blushed furiously. For an instant she felt horrified before she felt his member stiffen against her lower back.

“Um…l-l-llike I said that’s p-p-perfectly natural. It means it’s working!” Kouta awkwardly managed to awkwardly stammer out. Nyuu smiled as she realized her beloved was far from angry or grossed out. Nyuu’s shoulders relaxed as she let out a sigh. “If it was anyone else I’d be mortified, but you’re so sweet I can just rela-(BRAAAAAAAAP)” Nyuu let out another massive fart nearly as long and powerful as first, this time accompanied by a shameless moan. Suddenly Nyuu bolted upright. “Uh oh! I think that jolted something loose. I need the toilet NOW!” Kouta quickly wrapped a towel around her and rushed her to the bathroom. Fortunately, they had the house to themselves that day so Kouta could have a quiet study environment.

### Warning! HEAVY pooping ahead!

Nyuu sat as fast she could on the toilet and started to strain painfully. “Ow Ow Ow! It’s so hard and sharp! If I force it out it will tear my ass apart!” Kouta held her hand gently. “Just relax Nyuu. Don’t force it out. I’ll try help you. Kouta leaned over and started to kiss her softly. His left hand fondled her breast while his right thumb started to rub the sensitive area around her clit. Nyuu moaned into his mouth as he heard a loud crackling sound as a gargantuan log slid out of Nyuu’s hole and splashed heavily into the water. “Was that most it?” Kouta wondered aloud. Nyuu smiled seductively.

“Not even close, but now that the tunnel is unblocked, the train can finally leave the station!” Kouta quickly realized she was dead serious as log after log started easily sliding out and adding to the massive sludge pile. Tears streamed down Nyuu’s face as she made the most beautiful expression of relief he had seen yet! Nyuu moaned completely free of shame or embarrassment as all that horrible pain was transformed into heavenly relief and pleasure. As the 9th log slid out without resistance, Kouta could tell just by looking into her eyes that she had just climaxed from the sheer euphoria of her relief. Kouta was so hard he quickly finished himself with a few quick jerks.

Finally, Nyuu’s hole began to close up as her monumental movement came to an end. “Ok, you’re done now right? …Right? “ Nyuu responded with an epic post-dump fart that could have been heard throughout the house and lasted a full 8 seconds. This was followed by a long, heavenly sigh and an expression of pure contentment. “Ok, NOW you’re done?” Nyuu smiled serenely from ear to ear as she nodded her head. “You really don’t do anything halfway do you? My goddess of relief!” Kouta admired her now perfect stomach as Nyuu finished wiping herself. When she got off the bowl, both gasped at the horrible sight. Nyuu’s shit had completely buried the water and no doubt clogged the toilet beyond what any plunger in the world could fix. Kouta began to panic as he realized the other girls would be coming home soon.

“Oh God, what are we gonna do about this?!” Nyuu calmly assessed the situation before concentrating and suddenly Kouta could see the massive pile starting to move. The largest logs were being broken apart as if the toilet had become a giant blender. “Oh right…you’re psychic. I totally forgot”. Nyuu smiled as she managed to get it all down in a few flushes. “I’m glad I finally managed to use my powers for something useful. They’re just a natural part of my body, so they don’t have to be used for evil after all. Hey Kouta, I feel really tired after all this. Would you like to join me for a quick nap before the others get back?” Kouta smiled and hugged her tightly before accompanying her back to the bedroom.

*009*2022-02-09 22:10

I apologize if the last chapter strayed too far from the focus of this site! I am working on a new series that will focus on hyperpiss. I don’t have an exact ETA on that though.

*011*2022-04-03 04:08

I suppose you have me there. Being a fantasy is no excuse for bad fluid dynamics. I’m glad you read the story though! I may rework that part.

