The Ghost in the Bathhouse - A Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc Fiction

Author: balthazor

*000*2018-06-13 02:55

Spoilers for Danganronpa 1 chapter 3

I'm on a bit of a roll recently, so I wrote something else. Most of the quoted dialogue that isn't about omo is directly lifted from the game, so if it sounds a little awkward, that's why. As usual, any criticism is welcome.

Aoi Asahina just couldn’t fall asleep. How could anyone after being forced to take part in this sick game? She had lost so many people she had once called friends. Sayaka… Leon… Chihiro… Mondo… Just thinking of them was enough to make her tear up.

“I know I shouldn’t cry… but… I’ve had enough. I can’t take it anymore. Getting out of here… anytime soon… it’s… impossible. I can’t let myself think about… how much I want to get out of here, If I keep thinking like that, I might decide to…”

Asahina suddenly sat up in her bed and slapped herself on the cheeks, as if to wake herself up.

“No, I can’t think like that! I need something to distract myself with" she took a second to think before she came up with her solution.

"…Donuts. I need to eat some donuts…! That’ll cheer me up! Glazed donuts, twisty donuts, jelly donuts, cream-filled, donut holes, malasadas…! O god of donuts! I’m praying for a wonderful encounter!”

She suddenly jumped out of bed, got to her feet, and began for the door. However, the sudden movement caused her to realize just how full her bladder was.

“Ooooooh” she groaned as she put her hands in between her legs, but to her surprise, the feeling in between her legs wasn’t the shorts she usually wore.

Asahina looked down and began to blush when she realized that she was about to rush out of her room in nothing but a white tank top and a pair of white panties. She quickly went to her closet and slapped on her red sports jacket and her blue track shorts. After deliberating it for a second, she decided to quickly fix her hair up, just in case she saw anyone. Finally, she swung her door open and entered the hallway.

Outside her door, Asahina saw the portraits of her fellow classmates on the doors of their rooms staring at her, as if they were judging her for breaking the sacred rule they had set themselves and leaving her room at night.

“I’m sorry… please, forgive me for braking the nighttime rule… but right now, for me… donuts are absolutely necessary…!”

She began to make her way to the cafeteria, but with nothing to distract her, she was quickly reminded of her full bladder.

“Ah man, I forgot to go...” she said as she began to look back longingly at her door “No, I’ve already left. I’ll be fine, I just need to grab some donuts, then I can take them to my room and pee. No big deal.” Sticking one hand in her crotch, she continued the trek.

After what felt like hours, Asahina finally saw her destination. During her journey, she had faced a total of 3 leaks, each causing her to fall to the ground and cry, but she was a strong girl. Driven by the quest for the holy donuts, each time she was knocked down, she got back up and continued walking. At this point, she had no hope that she would ever make it back to her room without completely peeing herself, but she was confident, because she had a plan.

“All I have to do is make it to the cafeteria and then go into the kitchen, then I can pee in the sink. Sure, it’s gross, but it definitely beats peeing myself, and it’s not like anyone will be in there this late... at least… I hope.”

Finally, just a few more agonizing steps and she’d be home free, but that’s when she heard it.

*Grr grnnn*

“…Huh?”

*Grn grn grrnnn*

“What’s that sound?” she immediately began looking around for the source of the strange noise.

*Grn grn*

“It sounds like it’s coming from… the bathhouse…”

Completely forgetting about her earlier issues, Asahina made her way towards the bathhouse.

*Grn grrrrnn grrn*

“I’m super scared, but… I-Is…? Is someone there?” she called into the room, but to no answer.

Taking a deep breath, she peered into the bathhouse and saw a strange green light coming from one of the lockers, and inside the light…

“*Gasp*”

Inside the light… was the face of her dead friend Chihiro Fujisaki!

“KYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!”

Asahina let out a blood-curdling scream as she took off running as fast as she could. She reached her room in record pace, swung the door open, jumped inside, and slammed it shut with all her might. Upon reaching safety, her legs gave out with fear, and she slid down her door, landing on her butt. She cringed when she landed, as for some reason, her butt was wet.

“Huh?” she said, confused. “Is this sweat?”

She looked down and noticed that the wetness continued down her legs.

“No, it can’t be sweat… did I pass through some water on the way here? No... that's not water... what is that? What’s weird is that it starts at my crotch and it sort of sme… no”

Her face went red when she realized what had happened.

When she screamed in fear, Asahina had immediately lost control of her bladder, completely soaking her shorts with piss, and now she was sitting in her wet shorts, more disappointed in herself than sad.

After taking a second to let her adrenalin from what had just happened die down, she entered her bathroom, skipping the toilet she didn’t need to use anymore, peeled off her shorts and panties, and took a shower to help hide her shame.

In the morning she told everyone what had happened and what she had seen, conveniently skipping the part where she peed herself.

