The Witcher Desperation - Ciri's Dream

Author: Bangarang

*000*2019-03-07 22:06

Some time ago, nearly two years in fact, I wrote a tale of desperation, starring Triss from The Witcher series. I had wanted to do a sequel, but between lack of ideas, and life, I never got round to it. Until now! I hope you very much enjoy this follow up! CC Welcome.

###

As she materialised back in her own room, her eyes flashing and hair flowing with the telltale sign of her power, Ciri laughed aloud. She knew it was cruel, but she just loved to torment a bursting bladder, it was so funny! And maybe a little exciting…

She giggled again thinking of Triss and Yen’s conversation that she had listened to while holding the privvy door closed, before making a swift exit via telportation.

She had wanted to keep the game going, but it seemed Triss was at her limit, and besides, with Yen telling her about the jammed door it would have aroused to much suspicion if the door failed to open.

A shame there was nowhere to teleport to that was still in earshot of the privvy, Ciri mused as she straightened her white shirt and ran a hand through her ashen hair, it looked like Triss had built up a real gusher.

Ciri flopped down onto her bed, breasts threatening to spill out of her forever slightly unbuttoned shirt. She sighed contentedly, although she wished to get back out and cause more bladder distress, she knew she would have to play it safe so as not to draw too much attention.

As she got herself all comfortable, Ciri felt the familiar feeling of her bladder twinging, that first signal of needing relief, although she could have easily pulled herself up and found relief, she thought it not worth it for the trickle she contained.

She instead rolled onto her stomach, briefly enjoying the extra pressure this placed on her filling bladder, before rolling further onto her side, and curling up to sleep. Her last thoughts before drifting off were of Triss dancing in desperation, desperately trying to hold it in, and of the huge wee she would have unleashed.

Ciri dreamed.

But this was not a dream of something new, this was a memory, relived again like new.

It was years ago, and she had just failed a translation test set by Yennefer for what felt like the millionth time that day.

“What is the point!” Ciri shouted in frustration, slamming her quill down. She had finally been getting close, but had been distracted at a crucial moment and failed the translation again.

“The point, dearest, is that these are useful skills.” Replied Yennefer, keeping her cool, placing the quill back in the inkpot.

Ciri sighed, her temper calming, “Are they really though?”

“You know they are, ancient manuscripts hold powerful secrets, being able to translate them is therefore useful” Yen replied, touching Ciri’s face reassuringly, “What happened?”

Ciri smiled sadly, “I got distracted.”

“By what?” Yen asked calmly.

Ciri bit her lip, she knew, but found it too embarrassing to tell one of the most powerful sorceresses in the north, The Yennefer of Vengerberg, that she was distracted from her test because she realised her bladder was full.

“Nothing really.” She sighed.

“Come on what is it? Yen pressured.

Ciri shifted uncomfortably in her seat, partly from her nerves, partly from the increasing pressure in her bladder. “Honestly, nothing.” She replied, trying to change topics.

Yen frowned, “You can tell me, Ciri, are you hungry? Thirsty? I can go get you some water if you like?”

“No!” Ciri replied a little too quickly, “No really, I’m fine, just frustrated, and sad, I want to be able to do it, but I just can’t.”

“We have plenty of time, it’s understandable to be frustrated, but don’t be sad about it.” Smiled Yen, “Or else….” She added with a wink.

Ciri frowned, confused, “Or else what?”

Yen smiled wickedly, wiggling her fingers. “Or else an old friend will come out to play….”

Ciri wriggled in her seat again, feeling phantom tickles across her body, “I’m grown now! That won’t work any more!” She declared nervously, years ago, back when she first came to Kaer Morhen Castle, and was grumpy Yen had used to tickle her to cheer her up, but she had nearly wet her breeches several times, not that she would ever admit it. She liked to think she was past all that now, but with an already full bladder…..

Yen held her fingers to her ears, “What’s that? Ah the tickle monster says that’s what they all say….”

“No Yen really,” Ciri began, crossing her legs tightly as her bladder twitched nervously.

“Too late!” Cried Yen as she lunged forwards, fingers tickling into Ciri’s sides.

She tried not to laugh but it was hopeless, in seconds she was shrieking hysterically, and her bladder was spasming like a rapid heartbeat, trying desperately to push its liquid burden out.

“See you’re cheering up already! You’re laughing!” Said Yen, laughing herself.

“S-s-stop!” Stammered Ciri between laughs.

Yen eased her fingers for a second, “Why?”

“Because I...I have to go?” Ciri said, dancing around the subject, as she longed to dance in desperation.

“Go where?” Yen replied in genuine confusion.

“No, I have to….go.” Ciri said, as her legs crossed even tighter, doubling up entirely now to contain her waters.

Yen still looked confused and slowly began to increase her tickles once more.

“Yen! I need a wee!” Ciri said giggling.

“Yeah right! That’s what all the girls say to get away from the tickle monster!” Yen laughed, doubling her efforts.

Ciri’s legs were like a pretzel and she yearned to grab her crotch, anything to put more pressure on to stop the leaks she knew were coming.

“I really do! I’m bursting! I need to go! I need to pee!!” Ciri exclaimed panicked.

Yen rolled her eyes, “You always used to say that! Then you were sad the game ended!”

Ciri’s eyes widened, “I’m gonna leak! I can’t hold it!”

“Oh fine.” Said Yen stopping at last.

Ciri laughed once more as Yen’s fingers moved away, brushing her one last time, and that was it, her bladder could take no more and all of her desperation poured out into her pants.

Despite her horror at the situation, Ciri couldn’t help but sigh in relief, throwing her head back.

“Oh no!” Yen exclaimed, “Ciri I’m so sorry! I didn’t….”

Ciri looked down at herself, not sure what to say.

“I really didn’t mean to...” Said Yen sadly. “It can be our secret, no one needs to know. I can vanish the….evidence, and fetch you clean clothes.”

Ciri looked up, “It’s fine. I should have said sooner.”

“I really am sorry.” Yen said, rising, “I’ll get you something to change into.”

Ciri’s expression changed, “I just realised something. Well two somethings.” She smiled.

Yen tilted her head, “What’s that?”

“I just worked out the translation, it just clicked!” Ciri beamed.

“Oh that’s great, dearest! Well done! I guess you really were distracted!” Yen said, happily clapping her hands. “What else did you realise?”

Ciri smiled wickedly, “That I need to get you back now...”

Yen laughed confidently, “Oh I doubt very much you could! Now stay there, I’ll get your clothes.”

Ciri smiled, we’ll see, she thought, as she watched Yen leave.

And with the memory concluded, so to did Ciri’s nap.

She woke quickly, blinking to clear her eyes, thinking over her dreams, before it hit her.

She had to pee.

Desperately.

###

And that's it for this chapter! I hope you liked it! I do have plans for another installment, but no solid time frame or ideas yet, any suggestions or ideas are welcome, but I can't promise I'll do them.

*005*2019-03-24 22:13

Thank you all!

You'll be pleased to here, Yen is next...

